American,Designer
Inspiration comes from everywhere: books, art, people on the street. It is an interior process for me.
Costume, hair and makeup can tell you instantly, or at least give you a larger perception of who a character is. It's the first impression that you have of the character before they open their mouth, so it really does establish who they are.
I think a lot of young girls go through that period in their life of finding who they are, and at that point, looking good matters the most.
The right costume determines the character, helps the actor feel who he is, and serves the story.
In real life, a lot of people at that level will have their kimonos made especially for them.
I like the architecture of lingerie.
Costumes are the first impression that you have of the character before they open their mouth-it really does establish who they are.
Some of the kimonos took as long as four to five months to make, with all the layers that go into it.
When I do period work, I really like to read about the period as much as I like to look at pictures because sometimes the written word is much better at conveying what their lives were really like and how much they had and where their clothes came from. Because, a lot of time, people dressed in their Sunday best to pose for a picture.
I am always looking for ideas, whether it is in art on the street or in my world travels. It comes to me randomly and unexpectedly.
I have always loved beautiful leather objects, especially the detail that goes into designing them both inside and out.
The reward is that you can actually create a world separate from reality with a story, actors, music, and camera design. When it works it can entertain, move people and teach us all.
The designs were based on quite a lot of research of what a movie musical is, filtered through the eyes of today. If we'd gone strictly with the '20s, the movement would have been impaired.
The costumes had to serve the choreography.
Sleepy Hollow had a lot of action in it, even though it was a fairy-tale movie.
Planet of the Apes was a gigantic challenge, making the clothes work so people could do stunts and action in the clothes. I really learned a lot about that in that movie.
On Planet of the Apes, I had a very knowledgeable team who knew good materials, but I had one main source person who worked online and on the street continually looking for the proper materials.
Knowing who the actors were as you were designing them helped, with Catherine's beauty and Renee's frailty, they directed me visually just by who they were.
In Chicago, I walked in knowing what the dancers were going to need.
If you want someone to feel warm, you dress them in a warm color and put a warm light on them and you get the picture. Sometimes, all that needs pushing a little bit to help tell the story.
I've always loved movies, art and clothes.
I'd seen the current stage production and the 1975 production of Chicago. I liked them both very much, but I didn't use them necessarily as inspiration.
I had to work out that it was something that could move, without having everybody in spray painted leotards.
Each simian had a much different body suit, so besides trying to define class across species, there was a definite attempt to dress each group in different styles.
As a designer, you have to solve a lot of problems. Even though people are wearing clothes that are supposed to look beautiful, they'll have to do all kinds of things.
The exposure I have had to beautiful materials across the world, from Japan to Italy, enables me to pull design ideas together. This, combined with years of historical research, has created a great fountain of ideas for me.
I get more distracted by hair or a really bad wig than I do costumes any day of the week.
I design for the movie and the character as well as the person wearing the costume. I show the ideas to the actor, then do fittings for shape and technical things such as movement in the costume. Once the costume in this form is on the actor, you have a sense of their connection with it. I then take it to the next level with the final fit.
I really don't over-theorize about design. I'd rather feel it than talk it to death. A lot happens as you unroll the design.
I choose colors I like and will photograph well. I don't do color theory!
Every story is different, so what is a detail in one might not be in something else. Diversity is something I embrace and love about my work.
