American,Designer
Your dresses should be tight enough to show you're a woman and loose enough to show you're a lady.
What a costume designer does is a cross between magic and camouflage. We create the illusion of changing the actors into what they are not. We ask the public to believe that every time they see a performer on the screen, he's become a different person.
Fashion is a language. Some know it, some learn it, some never will - like an instinct.
You can have anything you want in life if you dress for it.
My motto is that the audience should notice the actors, not the clothes.
Building a proper wardrobe is like building a home. Indeed, you should think of it like a home, because it is something you're going to live in. It must be comfortable and suit all your needs.
If you hunger for certain types of clothes, for which you have little use, put yourself on a diet. Just as you resist too much whipped cream and French pastry to keep your figure in shape, you can say no to those yearned-for but unneeded purchases that lead to a wardrobe that is shapeless and without form.
There's no such thing as a standard size movie star, or woman for that matter.
I've dressed thousands of actors, actresses and animals, but whenever I am asked which star is my personal favorite, I answer, 'Grace Kelly.' She is a charming lady, a most gifted actress and, to me, a valued friend.
Some people need sequins, others don't.
Many faux pas of fashion can be avoided if you curb your instinctive desire to buy things with your heart instead of your head.
With women, there's a basic female instinct of caring deeply about the way they look; women stars have a narcissist complex.
Many women have asked me if it is possible to have a well-built wardrobe on a limited budget. 'Money,' I tell them, 'is no guarantee of taste, and an overstuffed wardrobe is often as bare as a skeleton when it comes to wearable apparel.'
As women, we all have certain weaknesses. I know one who can't resist pretty shoes but has nothing suitable to wear with them. Others adore frilly lingerie but never have any money to buy outer clothing.
You can lead a horse to water and you can even make it drink, but you can't make actresses wear what they don't want to wear.
I have yet to see one completely unspoiled star, except for Lassie.
Growing old gracefully used to begin at about 35, but today women prefer to 'stay young gratefully' with thanks to designers, beauticians and plastic surgeons.
A designer is only as good as the star who wears her clothes.
I have yet to see one completely unspoiled star, except for the animals - like Lassie.
Couture has copied my things for years, in addition to countless other costume designers, claiming theirs were the original ideas. It's all part of the business, unfortunately.
Even the most beautiful legs - Marlene Dietrich's, for instance - look better when the kneecap is covered.
We don't make glamorous movies today. Everything now is very realistic, artistic - and depressing. When is the last time you you saw a wonderful musical or a fabulous fantasy?
I always wear beige, black or white. For one thing I look good in them. For another, when I'm beside a star at a fitting, and she looks into the mirror, I don't want to be competing in any way.
Before you are interviewed for the job you want, try on the complete outfit you intend to wear.
Every different director has another language - for instance, Hitchcock does not like any bright color ever, unless the story says 'there goes the girl in a red dress.'
