English,Designer
I'm actually an incredibly disorganized, messy person.
I love imagining being someone else in another time.
Bridesmaids are never going to upstage the bride.
One of my most sentimental items is my grandmother's engagement ring that my mom gave me a few years ago. It's a Victorian-style setting that's closed in the back, so it doesn't sparkle the way diamonds do now. I wear it as a pendant.
I didn't finish my dress until about three days before my wedding - I had the flu and was stitching it from my bed. And the tulle came back from India all brown. We had to wash it for hours, but that didn't dissuade me from wearing it.
I love vintage and prints.
My family is my number one priority.
I make sure I carve out time to be with my daughter.
It's funny, because I sometimes feel that I'm most creative when I'm pregnant.
Belize suits me because I'm active and I like diving. I learnt when I was 18, in Thailand, and I have dived in Vietnam, which wasn't great, the Red Sea, which was incredible and reasonably priced, and then the Maldives, which is like being submerged in an aquarium.
The Indians have such strong traditions and aesthetics, and the people are beautiful, as are their goods.
I went camping in the Maasai Mara and we moved site every night. I had no idea how spectacular it would be, how removed from ordinary life, or how many animals we would see.
My great-grandfather was in the army in India, and we have photographs of my family there in full Victorian dress. They're incredibly romantic.
I'm a designer, not a businesswoman.
My wedding was at home, so I didn't really want to wear a veil in my house. Instead I wore a lot of diamond hair clips. They were brooches, actually, designed by Lorraine Schwartz.
If you've chosen someone to be in your bridal party, she should be a good enough friend that she does not want to upstage you.
I am a control freak.
New York is very career-orientated and it's hard to take time off here, but that is great for building a business.
What I love about my husband is that he really allows me to be the best person I can.
I love children. I've always loved children.
We don't leave home without my daughter's doll La-La. She looks like a bit of a rag, but India is obsessed with her.
I read a lot of thrillers because they're easy reading and I'm not a great flier. They take my head out of it. I like the fast pace and that you can't put them down.
When I got pregnant, I became very interested in natural products. You wonder what you're putting on your skin when you're carrying a child.
Photography obviously lends itself so well towards fashion. It's capturing that moment and that inspiration, and as a designer you are constantly walking through the world assimilating those visual references you have and so being able to solidify that into a photograph and keep it on your mood board is essential to creating a collection.
I think it's important for whatever you are doing, even if it's a collection, to seek outside advice. If your world becomes too insular, it limits your creativity.
I always have a camera now that I've got a kid, but I don't think I've got one picture of anyone other than my daughter.
