English,Designer
Everyone loves to fly, and flying underwater is even better than flying in air because there are things around you.
Space exploration promised us alien life, lucrative planetary mining, and fabulous lunar colonies. News flash, ladies and gents: Space is nearly empty. It's a sterile vacuum, filled mostly with the junk we put up there.
If you go back to the early days of aviation, the guys designing it built it, and then they got in it and flew it. I mean, who does that anymore?
The ocean is this beautiful, unexplored place. Why on Earth everyone isn't down there, I don't know.
There's something just magical about flight. Period.
Science is about filling in the details.
The bulk of life on Earth lives in a peaceful place where the temperature is stable. There's hunting going on, but it's very civilized, like a slow ballet.
'Earth' is a silly name for this planet.
The Deep Flight Challenger technology is a game-changer for ocean exploration.
Scientists are always the ones who head into the ocean, but I want to take writers and politicians, people who can convey the beauty that is there and perhaps do something to take care of it.
One time on a dive, I wound up drifting up in darkness surrounded by billions of photoluminescent creatures. It was a religious experience, one only a poet could do justice to.
With the super-wealthy, I think what a lot of them want isn't things, it's experiences. Preferably ones that few people can have.
The crazy thing is we live on an ocean planet - nobody gets that yet.
Movies like 'The Abyss' and 'Jaws' make people think the ocean is threatening. It's not. It's very tranquil.
I grew up before computers. Computers are changing things, not all for the good.
I don't have to be smarter than anybody else. I've just plain worked harder and longer than anybody else.
Pressure hulls collapse at the speed of sound. Once that starts, you're inside your own little imploding atomic bomb, and you're gone.
If you build a Model T and you can see the Camry, you don't spend time tinkering with the T; you go straight to the next thing. Once you build the Camry, you can see the Ferrari, so you go straight to that.
I think the future of this planet depends on humans, not technology, and we already have the knowledge - we're kind of at the endgame with knowledge. But we're nowhere near the endgame when it comes to our perception. We still have one foot in the dark ages.
