Japanese,Designer
Many people repeat the past. I'm not interested. I prefer evolution.
I do not create a fashionable aesthetic... I create a style based on life.
The purpose - where I start - is the idea of use. It is not recycling, it's reuse.
Many people will say, well, clothes should be worn; but I think people can look at them in public, like seeing a film. I think museum exhibitions are very important.
To be honest, I think we should find first the possibility to make it. Research is first - if you're not interested, you never can find something. Many things happen from forgotten machines - ones that are no longer used.
Men have been buying my women's coats for years.
I'd rather look to the future than to the past.
From the beginning I thought about working with the body in movement, the space between the body and clothes. I wanted the clothes to move when people moved. The clothes are also for people to dance or laugh.
There are no boundaries for what can be fabric.
The core spirit of Pleats Please is joy, and what better emotion to wear on your skin every day?
With imagination and personal creativity, people who sew can design the way they look to suit themselves.
When I close my eyes, I still see things no one should ever experience: a bright red light, the black cloud soon after, people running in every direction trying desperately to escape - I remember it all.
I suppose there are many, but I cannot imagine ever having a more perfect collaboration than that which Penn-san and I shared. It was based upon mutual trust, respect, and a desire to have our own work pushed to new places. And it always resulted in delight.
Technology allows us to do many things, but it is always important to combine it with traditional handcrafts and, in fact, use technology to replicate dying arts so that they are not lost.
Our goals must be to find new, environmentally-friendly ways by which to continue the art of creation, to utilize our valuable human skills, and to make things that will bring joy.
The combination of human skills with technology will always be at the root of any solution to the future of making clothes.
Design is a vital component to the enrichment of our everyday lives. Japan has a very rich history and culture of design, and I feel it is a very important dialogue to open and keep evolving.
If Mr. Obama could walk across the Peace Bridge in Hiroshima - whose balustrades were designed by the Japanese-American sculptor Isamu Noguchi as a reminder both of his ties to East and West and of what humans do to one another out of hatred - it would be both a real and a symbolic step toward creating a world that knows no fear of nuclear threat.
You see it in the many bouncing clothes that are not just pleats. To make them, two or three people twist them - twist, twist, twist the pleats, sometimes three or four persons twist together and put it all in the machine to cook it.
Well, what I'm doing is really clothing. I'm not doing sculpture.
We can also cut by heat - heat punch. And we also can cut by cold - extreme cold. When you cut with heat, it makes a mark. With cold, no mark. It depends on the fabric.
One of my assistants found this old German machine. It was originally used to make underwear. Like Chanel, who started with underwear fabric - jerseys - we used the machine that made underwear to make something else.
Of course there are many ways we can reuse something. We can dye it. We can cut it. We can change the buttons. Those are other ways to make it alive. But this is a new step to use anything - hats, socks, shirts. It's the first step in the process.
I very much like dance and dancers.
I started to work with cotton fabrics. I used cotton because it's easy to work with, to wash, to take care of, to wear if it's warm or cold. It's great. That was the start.
I sent 200, 300 of the clothes that I had made, and the dancers chose what they liked.
If you look back throughout history from the ancient Egyptians onwards, most cultures started making clothing from a very basic premise: a single piece of cloth.
Designers must be increasingly sensitive to our Earth's dwindling resources. It is our responsibility.
I am not sentimental about the past. I like to think about what is next.
I am always looking to the future of making things.
In the Eighties, Japanese fashion designers brought a new type of creativity; they brought something Europe didn't have. There was a bit of a shock effect, but it probably helped the Europeans wake up to a new value.
I am neither a writer nor a theorist. For a person who creates things to utter too many words means to regulate himself - a frightening prospect.
When I first began working in Japan, I had to confront the Japanese people's excessive worship for foreign goods and the fixed idea of what clothes ought to be. I wanted to change the rigid formula of clothing that the Japanese followed.
Everything is an experiment.
In fashion, you need to present something new every six months, but it takes time to study things. Development is very important.
Paul Poiret did wonderful things because he was so influenced by motifs, but Vionnet really understood the kimono and took the geometric idea to construct her clothes - and that brought such freedom into European clothes in the 1920s.
Boys have been wearing skirts for some time now. My three assistants wear mini skirts. They come to work on their motorcycles wearing mini skirts. The French saw the idea on the streets and have done it in better fabrics, and now everyone says, 'Ah!'
I love to be free to explore, research, and evolve.
I tried never to be defined by my past.
I gravitated towards the field of clothing design, partly because it is a creative format that is modern and optimistic.
I never thought fashion was the job for me, because I'm Japanese. Clothes! That was a European, society thing.
Clothing has been called intimate architecture. We want to go beyond that.
My touchstone started out being - and is still - exploring the ways by which to make clothing from a single piece of cloth.
I am very interested in the culture of paper.
Indian paper is famous, Egyptian papyrus, Chinese paper... every country has used this natural material. But the problem is it's going to run out because it's very difficult work.
In Paris, we call the people who make clothing 'couturiers' - they develop new clothing items - but actually, the work of designing is to make something that works in real life.
The important thing is to make something. In reality, it's not important that a designer be known by name - you can remain anonymous. Even the status of a designer will undergo changes, I believe.
I am most interested in people and the human form.
Clothing is the closest thing to all humans.
All of my work stems from the simplest of ideas that go back to the earliest civilizations: making clothing from one piece of cloth. It is my touchstone.
I believe that all forms of creativity are related.
A few of the influences on my career so far have been Isamu Noguchi, Irving Penn, and seeing the riots of 1968 in Paris.
My fascination has been the space between cloth and the body, and using a two-dimensional element to clothe a three-dimensional form.
Retire? Never! We are far too busy!
Function alone does not make clothing appealing.
We yearn for the beautiful, the unknown, and the mysterious.
I try to be free. The women also must be free.
I like women who have their own idea of life: the woman who is assured, comfortable with herself, strong inside, proud of herself - not in an arrogant way, not showing off.
I feel it is urgently necessary to train people who are capable of tackling the various problems we face today in regards to environmental turmoil and the relevancy of clothing.
Think of things that can be created, not destroyed, and that bring beauty and joy.
Clothes have become more personal, more a matter of very individual taste.
Clothes should fit comfortably - not too tightly - so that you have space to move in and think freely.
I always wanted to create clothing that was universal - easy to wear, to care for, and that was also beautiful. As such, I became interested in polyester, and its potential, from the beginning of my career.
Polyester is easy to work with and results in clothing that is well suited to the needs of a modern lifestyle.
