English,Designer
I love the Mediterranean for the fact that winter is over in a minute, and the almond blossom arrives in January.
I've found that motherhood helps you figure out what absolutely needs to be done and what doesn't. You just learn to do everything quicker and quicker - your style and your makeup gets more refined and generally easier.
I do wonder why modern society has made monogamy the one and only option. In England, it's always, 'Are you with him, or him?' Perish the thought it might be both.
I think people perceive me completely differently than how I perceive myself. I see myself as a sweet, cosy, motherly type. We all want people to be more glamorous and daring and adventurous than they actually are.
I can't help but love all music, but nu disco is my new favorite.
The best parties have always been at my house in Ibiza. They start with a bit of music and a barbecue by the pool.
I started experimenting with jewelry in my 20s - I was playing around with gemstones and painting things in gold leaf, and it turned into this huge obsession for me, so I launched my first jewelry line, Jade Inc.
My personal style changes wherever I am. When I'm in Ibiza, I'm a bit girlier because there's an opportunity to be more romantic and dress up for the beach scene. Whereas in New York, I tend to go for suiting and tailoring that almost feels like weaponry for the city - but I think I'm quite playful no matter what.
As a kid, when I was living in America, I started using those Noxzema wipes that just felt like you removed half your face. I quite like that tingly sensation.
My dad loves babies. He's really good with them and is a big family man.
I had both my children at home. It came naturally to me.
My mother didn't find motherhood easy. I've heard her saying that. She didn't breastfeed me. I woke up when I was breastfeeding my own child thinking, 'How can a woman feel an attachment to a child without breast-feeding?'
I think a lot of people look to me as a sort of lifestyle icon.
Daggers have such beautiful, functional shapes, and decorating them is an ancient tradition.
I can be a show-off at home. But publicly, I have always been a private person. It's not totally my bag to court the press.
When you are born into a family like mine, you don't really know anything else. But you quickly realise that it's more about other people and how they are dealing with it. Some can be hugely in awe or uncomfortable, but to you, your parents are just your parents.
If you think that starving yourself all day is going to make you happy, you're a fool, because not only are you physically drained, you're mentally drained, with nothing left to give to your work or your lover or whoever it is you so want to be beautiful for.
Style icons feel like they have to be so thin, and when I see somebody with a fuller figure like Scarlet Johansson, who is sexy and happy, I find it such a relief.
Ibiza is very close to my heart.
I think people get excited about summer wardrobes and what they will wear on holiday, and people have an opportunity to wear things that they don't normally wear when they're in the city.
I am not frightened of speaking my mind. I don't have fear in that regard.
I want people to be true to themselves and believe in themselves. I want people to stop looking to celebrity idols and look to themselves instead, because we need real people to inspire us.
I used to call my grandmother 'Nana,' so that seems right to me, but maybe I'll just be 'Jade', in that modern way.
I think my husband and dad were both very happy that I had a baby boy, to get some testosterone in the family, because there are a lot of girls. It's not a perfect family, but it's a strong family. The nice thing is how the different ages interact.
We have lots of fruit trees and vegetables - we live endlessly on courgettes. I certainly wouldn't approve of a diet of McDonald's for my children.
Cooking is an important part of a good, stable family life. I like to get the family together; there's a huge nurturing element in it.
