American,Designer
Be well dressed, behave like a gentleman, and keep your shoes shined.
Making a strong first impression is as important as ever, especially when meeting face-to-face.
You don't want to look the same every day of your life. It's boring as hell.
I see a lot of young guys going back to the suit, but they're doing it in a way that's less of a uniform.
Having studied at the Sorbonne, I spent my 21st birthday in Paris and celebrated with one of my professors in a cafe outside of Notre Dame.
I always loved clothes. I grew up in a blue-collar family, but I loved old movies and seeing all those dashing leading men.
There are no seasons anymore. Fashion has become one long run-on sentence.
I come from a blue-collar family. My father worked at the American Can Company as a mechanic. He broke his back and was disabled, and the first memory I have of him is in the hospital. My mother was a working mother - she had two jobs. Everybody in the house had to help out.
I was the first in my family to go to college, and so, growing up, I thought that dressing well opened doors.
The decision to divorce myself from the business side unexpectedly blew up in my face. The creative freedom I thought I was getting turned out to be anything but.
If I were in the middle of some kind of legal issue, I would get in my car and drive to Fenway. I'd get to the game early and sit in my seats and say, 'I'm home, I'm happy, and I love it here.' It was my therapy.
The greatest legacy that I can have is to build a brand that lives beyond me and stays true to the DNA of the brand.
I was getting paid to be involved with what I loved more than anything on earth: clothes.
I made $2.58 an hour, and I spent it all on clothes.
The 'National Suit Drive' collects gently used professional attire, but what it's really collecting is inspiration and a chance for men to feel empowered as they head into their next job interview.
Not a huge fan of exaggerated, big silhouettes.
You can't be all things to all people.
For those who are out of work, to have the confidence from dressing appropriately and to feel good about themselves, it's really important.
I want to build a great raincoat.
A red tie is contrary to the dignity of the tie and of male dress in general.
After all those years in the business, I asked myself, 'Am I really any good? Or am I only good because I'm with good people - a Murray Pearlstein, a Ralph Lauren?
It is pandemonium backstage. I straighten ties, see if their shoes are laced - and I always have to remember to check their flies just before they walk out.
It's great to wave the flag - I always say we're proud to be made in America - but I think our distinction is we make it well in America.
If you can imagine what it's like to launch a business in the middle of a lawsuit - it's not an easy thing.
When I walked back into that factory for the first time after seven or eight years, it was a pretty emotional moment because all the people came up and embraced me.
We want the best prices we can give our customers, with all our products... But it really is about the quality first and the experience.
