American,Designer
My motto in life is 'Take risks;' you don't have a voice if you don't. You have to venture outside your boundaries. That's what life's all about.
I look at every piece of furniture and every object as an individual sculpture.
I love history... everything is inspired by history, so that's why I love vintage and antiques.
The single most important key to success is to be a good listener.
Everything I commission - whether it is for me or for a client's home or for a hotel or office - is absolutely unique to that job. I have everything made, or I find vintage and antique pieces at markets and auctions.
I love seeing people's reactions to gifts that I've created from my line, such as my gold horn ring, bottle openers, my 'Fallen' leather jacket and my Slither black and white sweater.
I'm a designer, which includes interiors, architecture, fashion, furniture, and lifestyle.
Informed clients are better clients, and they make for better design.
Rawness and refinement are not opposite ends of a luxurious spectrum... they are two complementary features with which to populate a luxe environment.
By acquiring all of your furniture from different eras and places and things that are expensive and inexpensive, it will make your end product have a great spirit.
Once I've designed something, I immediately move on to the next thing.
I love to travel and to be inspired by new things, so everything is always new. I've never done the same bathroom or the same kitchen a second time. It's challenging, and I like to be challenged.
The mixture of weird textures and organic surfaces creates an interesting dialogue.
Besides almonds or granola, I don't eat a lot during the day - juicing is what gives me energy.
I'm not the bake-sale-mom type - though once in a while, I'll make challah French toast for my sons.
My husband and I go to Il Fico every Friday, and I get the whole-wheat pizza. I won't eat pizza anywhere else!
Hollywood Regency is a label some people put on me, but I consider myself a modernist in that I always try to make the work feel fresh.
Having an eye is one thing, but you have to be able to execute.
Whether you're going to a museum or a flea market or flipping through a book, always be on the lookout for something special.
Hollywood style means classic glamour. My reference is the 1940s through the 1960s.
The best thing I ever bought is a vintage Oscar de la Renta short gingham dress that I wore to my rehearsal dinner the night before my wedding.
I am just a curious gal who is continuing to be curious.
There is a voice, and there is a DNA to how I design.
I need art around me always.
Everything is about color. If you look at magazines and advertising and television, the thing you remember is the color.
The same time I'm designing my collection, I'm also designing my store. It has to have brand awareness, an identity. I'm also designing the racks and the hangers, and juggling a lot of things.
