American,Designer
There is never just one thing that leads to success for anyone. I feel it always a combination of passion, dedication, hard work, and being in the right place at the right time.
I think a good friend, to me, is all about trust and loyalty. You don't ever want to second-guess whether you can tell your friend something.
I'm not old-fashioned when it comes to dating, but there's something nice about a guy pulling out a girl's chair and opening the door for her, even if it's just in the beginning.
Blogging is a great way to show your talents and interests to prospective employers, while adding an edge to your resume. If you blog consistently it shows your dedication, passions and creativity - all of which are key attributes employers look for in job candidates.
I love anything really feminine. I love any sort of girly detail - anything with a bow or a heart on it, I'm immediately in love with.
I'm into mellow dates with really good food.
Some people are willing to betray years of friendship just to get a little bit of the spotlight.
Imperfection is relatable.
I'm sure a lot of people don't take me seriously.
Fitness is a luxury when you are busy!
When you're growing up, you play dress-up - it's a game, it's a pastime. And then as you get older, getting ready and looking nice becomes this constant stress. I want to make it fun again.
Any way to make a workout feel like playtime is great.
None of my friends call me L.C. That was just a high school nickname, and nobody refers to me like that anymore.
I'm my happiest when I'm really busy. I love feeling like I need one more hour of sleep, or when I'm running around frazzled!
Dating in Los Angeles can be hard, which makes it all the better when you meet a really nice guy.
Listen to advice from people who have been there and done that. It is so hard to believe that when you are young, but parents, mentors, teachers, they can all be so valuable when it comes to advice.
Everyone has that friend who's every day, like, 'I hate my nose, I hate my nose, I hate my nose.' You either need to come to peace with it and be like, alright, I hate it, but it's part of me - or change it. So I'm not against plastic surgery, I'm against plastic surgery when it doesn't really need to be done.
I think that it's really nice to learn that makeup is different for every person. Everyone has a different feature on their face that they like to show off.
It's very hard to lose someone who's the closest person to you in your life.
I think any opportunity you have to be green, whether it's in business or in everyday life, you should take it.
When you do multiple things you love, it doesn't feel like work.
A lot of my branding has come from stubbornness - I knew what I liked. I knew what I wanted to do.
I've actually spent a lot of time researching beauty products, how they are produced and how they are sold.
I used to get taxed on my allowance. Yeah, I've been taxed since I was a little kid. And at the end of the year I had to pick a charity to donate my taxes to.
I'm just not a fan of the gym. In fact, I hate it. I understand loving the feeling you get after working out all those endorphins. But going there? It's the worst.
The first series I wrote, 'L.A. Candy,' was always meant to be a three-book series, so when I started out it was all outlined that way and by the time I was done with the third book, I had become so involved and the process and the stories, I was a little bit sad to be done.
I try to never look back at how I dressed in the first few seasons of 'Laguna Beach' because it was pretty bad... head-to-toe bad.
I'd love to design bridal dresses.
Like most people, I used to wear clothing off the rack. But having them fitted to me makes a really big difference, especially with pieces like a cocktail dress. Little nips and tucks can take 10 pounds off you.
I never wanted to end up in entertainment; that wasn't the goal.
A lot of people in fashion don't want to be linked with anything that has to do with reality TV.
No one eats pretty.
I try really hard to separate myself from other celebrity brands.
One way to stay grounded in the entertainment industry is to surround yourself with very good people that will constantly remind you how uncool you are.
When you are working really hard and you're really focused on your career, a lot of other things suffer.
When you're writing a book, you don't want it to be overly trendy because you want people to enjoy it for years and refer back to it.
I think that makeup can be challenging, especially when you are younger.
I think when you're put into a completely different situation and environment, you really see who you are. You're not affected by what's around you. You are who you are.
I always wear bronzer because I love the way my skin looks when it's tan.
I like wearing scarves in my hair because they make me look put together without taking a lot of time.
If you're on the cover of any magazine, you certainly get recognized more.
Most of my friends all tend to work in restaurants part time, doing acting classes on the side.
Social media is key to promoting the editorial posts on my website.
When I work with my art department on putting imagery together for my blog posts I always think, 'Would I pin this?' That really helps.
I love going on book tours because it's an opportunity to connect with the people that matter most to my brand.
I really, really want to produce. That's the top of my to-do list.
I think there is a niche for every market.
I like to involve myself in charities that help children and also young women in need.
Whenever someone comes up to me and says, 'I'm having trouble shopping.' I tell them to pull out their 10 favorite, most-worn pieces, then build a wardrobe around them. Those staples are going to be different for everybody.
I've always been open to doing reality again. Just under certain circumstances.
Five years on TV is a really, really long time.
You don't want a slob, but you don't want a guy who is constantly borrowing your tweezers.
I can't even read a script. I've tried and it's painful to watch.
Scripts are corny and predictable. Real life is always better.
I think that I get bored easily with things.
I think clothes hang beautifully on thin women.
I'm meant for California.
People are just obsessed with other people's lives. I don't know whether it's kind of a way to escape their own, or something to follow... I really couldn't tell you.
The only thing that ever really bothers me is that a lot of people think I'm that girl who hates your boyfriend. I'm really not that girl. Some of my friends' boyfriends are my best friends.
I wouldn't include a piece in my collection that I wouldn't wear personally.
As a designer, you are flattered to see anyone in one of your designs, whether it's on a red carpet or passing by you in the market. It's this wonderful little high every time.
I don't have the best dating track record.
Dating is all about the chase. It's fun!
I make fun of guys when I like them. I act like I'm 10 years old. I do it as a test to see if they can laugh at themselves. If they get sensitive, then it's like, 'Um, this isn't going to work.'
The one thing I've learned about friends is that the good ones are rare.
I grew up at the beach and I was always involved in beach clean-ups and caring for my environment.
At the end of the day it's going to hurt your feelings if someone says something mean about you, but I've learned to take a step back and ask myself if it's really going to affect me, if this person who I'm never going to know or meet doesn't like me - and it doesn't.
I think that when you have kids, it's all about them.
Being a good observer is a great tool to have as a writer, just taking the world in.
People label you the way they know you best.
At night I can write for hours.
In Hollywood, you grow up quick.
I get very uncomfortable with people watching me.
Being responsible for another human life terrifies me, because I kill plants.
I go through phases when I've been filming where I wake up in the middle of the night and I think I'm being filmed.
I like to know exactly what's being put into my food.
I almost exclusively wear skinny jeans. I'm terrified of any other cut of denim.
I'm not really a big reader.
I've found when all I'm eating is really fresh, healthy foods, I stop craving pizza and burgers.
I'm not a sexy person. I'm OK with it. I've never been the sexy girl. Whenever I've had a boyfriend, he's always been like, 'Oh, you're cute.'
If you're putting your name on something, it's really important to be a part of it, or else people will just do whatever they want with it. And then it's not really you, and it won't be true.
You have your personal life and you have work life; when it's combined, it's difficult.
My website inspired me to create my book club and provides me with a creative outlet where I can write about things that interest me. It's a platform where I can present ideas or new ventures and get feedback straight from the people who mean the most to me.
