Spanish,Designer
People walk differently in high heels. Your body sways to a different kind of tempo.
Maintenance is terribly important.
In London I feel free; nobody bothers anyone and everyone is free to express themselves.
I think of each new season as an evolution, not a change in style.
If I was a woman, I would be dressed in the same thing for a month and just change my hat and gloves. Maybe my shoes too; yes, I see what you mean but, really, it's jewels that change an outfit.
You put high heels on and you change.
Really, the '70s and '80s were a blur.
About half my designs are controlled fantasy, 15 percent are total madness and the rest are bread-and-butter designs.
I get more tired by travelling than anything.
I like women with style to wear my shoes.
I'm like an old vampire, so it's important to talk to young people.
What is fashion? It's discipline. Discipline and a credo to do only the best, down to the smallest detail.
The greatest luxury is being free.
I never wanted to be the most famous, the most beautiful, the most extravagant.
Paris is paramount for fashion, always was - always will be.
Men tell me that I've saved their marriages. It costs them a fortune in shoes, but it's cheaper than a divorce. So I'm still useful, you see.
My shoes are special shoes for discerning feet.
Papa died when he was 77.
I am insecure. Everyone's insecure.
I always love China, especially the old China.
Everything is global now. It's not London, it's not Spain, it's not Italy - everything is everywhere. So you have to be everywhere, I guess.
My mother is incredible. I mean, still is today.
Most of the people nowadays send their things by internet. But I cannot work that way. I like to do it myself.
I am not a movie star or a football player, I just do my thing.
I think I am one of the smallest surviving brands.
I hate these platforms that are all over the place today; they are all about grabbing attention. They are suburban! I never do a platform. Well, I did, in the 1970s, but that was a bad experience.
I've never been tempted to do these hideous furniture shoes.
I never thought that I would sell to young people, but now girls who are 14 and 15 buy my shoes.
