Irish,Designer
Royalty is completely different than celebrity. Royalty has a magic all its own.
In Rome, I particularly love the history, churches, sculptures and architecture and the fact that you can walk along a tiny cobbled street and turn the corner to find the Trevi Fountain. London is evocative of other eras and full of history.
Elegance is all in the mind of the wearer.
Somebody can feel elegant without being elegant. It's a personality.
How a hat makes you feel is what a hat is all about.
Everybody loves things that sparkle.
The personality of the wearer and the hat makes the hat.
A person carries off the hat. Hats are about emotion. It is all about how it makes you feel.
Hats are radical; only people that wear hats understand that.
Hats make people feel good, and that's the point of them.
Try on 100 different hats if you can, until you find the one that suits you best. It's a trial and error thing.
When people think of hats, they think of her majesty the queen.
I believe in originality, primarily. However, it's important to know what there has been before to aim in that direction. Art history informs us. It informs our mind. I like to look at books, exhibitions, paintings, as a computer, subconsciously taking on information.
America brought us the baseball cap; it's one of my favorite hats.
The classic hat image was during the Forties and Fifties, and Elizabeth Taylor was the epitome of that; she was the ultimate celebrity of excess and glamour, and she worked major sun hats.
What I love most about Her Majesty is that she has kept hats alive in people's minds for more than 60 years. You can't think of her without imagining her with a hat or a crown. I would, of course, love to design one for her.
Fantasy hats give you the possibility to dream.
I love the romance of what I do, although because of Isabella, Lady Gaga and Grace Jones, people think I have crazy customers. Sometimes I get more enthusiasm from the housewife who wants a hat and believes in it.
Wearing a hat is fun; people have a good time when they're wearing a hat.
When you're wearing something on your head, you feel beautiful.
My mother had a sewing machine. I was never allowed to use it, but I was so fascinated by this little needle going up and down joining fabric together that I'd use it when my mother went out to feed the chickens.
I always design the hat with the wearer in mind; otherwise, it's an inanimate object.
There's a technicality to designing and wearing hats. A hat is balancing the proportions of your face; it's like architecture or mathematics.
Hats are the epitome of Englishness, and a royal wedding is the penultimate moment for a hat designer. I'm Irish, but I am a royalist and I believe in fantasy.
There is no attitude required. The hat brings the attitude. And when people try on a hat they like, it is a bit of fun. It makes them laugh. You don't laugh when you put on a pair of shoes, but you do with a hat.
I remember in the early nineties people saying the hat was just for old women, but that's ridiculous.
Gaga is an entertainer, so a hat for her is part of the illusion of entertaining.
Often, what makes my job so exciting is designing for the mother whose dream has been to wear one of my hats at her child's wedding. I feel as responsible for making her feel like a million dollars as I do for somebody in the public eye.
I empathise with the fact that people want to look their best. A hat is all about how it makes you feel - it's so much better than a nip and tuck, and a lot less painful.
I love the shape of cars. They are very inspiring as modern pieces of machinery. I can't drive, but I do like the look of them.
I am very proud to be Irish.
I'm representative of 21st century Irish design, so I promote Irishness all over the world wherever I go.
I grew up in the west of Ireland, and Galway was our local seaside resort. We'd go for one day of the year during the summer, and I have enduring memories of the sand and the sea.
I particularly like to travel for work because you see a completely different side of the country you're visiting.
You always see a better side of where you're visiting when a local shows you around.
Shopping can be a nightmare - first finding something to wear and then finding something to go with it, it's so difficult when there's so much choice. It can feel like entering a battleground.
So my advice is to always choose something simpler - an expressive outfit, plus a hat, can be frightening.
My aim is to change people's perceptions of what a hat can look like in the 21st century.
