American,Designer
I think what you wear really does need to reflect what your own personal style is.
I love Fall Fashion Week because it means lots of layering, long sweaters and vintage coats.
When you look like you stepped out of a catalog, that's never good. People shouldn't succumb to trend, they should interpret trend.
Hair is a huge part of who I am and what I obsess over - I've had long hair my entire life.
I think in spring, we don't want to wear makeup, we don't want to wear a ton of clothes, we just want everything to be easier.
My basics are black, white, or neutral, and I'll wear a ton of jewelry or carry a brightly colored bag.
I always say that I don't like it when people follow trends too much, just because it is on the runway. I think what you wear really does need to reflect what your own personal style is.
I believe fantasy and dreaming can be made a reality. You don't have to be rich. You don't have to be a VIP.
Everyone wants to be a stylist. If you know that's your calling, then you need to intern as much a humanly possible. You need to go to fashion school if you can.
On one hand I am this weird androgynous tomboy where I'm strangely low maintenance and have a five-minute makeup regimen. On the other I'm obsessed with all things beauty, from skin care to makeup.
I think people should look cute all the time.
Sexiness should not be overt. Something shapeless that drapes across your hip, hangs off the shoulder; something that cowls in the front, drapes low in the back, that's sexy.
I don't think that people should wear dresses two sizes too small. I just think that sexiness is better left to the imagination. It's just more tasteful.
The constant in all the businesses I've become a part of is taking what I do and making it real for everyone. I believe fantasy and dreaming can be made a reality. You don't have to be rich. You don't have to be a VIP.
I would do fragrance. I'm a fragrance fanatic.
The thing that I really look for in people is enthusiasm and excitement and, not to sound really sappy, that fire in their eyes.
If my client calls me and says, 'I'm going to a friend's premiere,' I'll say, 'Come over and let's do something cute.' And I won't bill them for that.
People tell you everything changes when you have a kid, but what nobody says is you don't mind.
I started styling people when I was just eight years old, without even knowing what a stylist was.
As far as I can remember, every dime I ever had went to something extravagant. I would rather spend more, buy fewer items and have them forever.
Every other day there's something - I'm dealing drugs, I'm starving people. I have never done a drug in my life.
I did not have a van, or wear Birkenstocks and tie-dyes.
I think that sexiness should be in the subtleties.
I've always been obsessed with style and glamor and if I want anyone to get anything out of my book, it's how we can all have them in our lives.
We've had Audrey Hepburn, we've had Twiggy, we've had Veruschka, we've had Kate Moss. I'm trying to figure out why I am to blame for skinniness.
Truthfully, I've never seen myself as being too thin. Sometimes I'll look at photos and be like, 'Oh, that's not a good look.' But generally speaking, I'm not too thin.
I think, in spring, we don't want to wear makeup, we don't want to wear a ton of clothes, we just want everything to be easier.
I have lost my short-term memory - I'm just getting blonder by the day.
I'm someone that never likes to overpower the girls in hair and makeup.
You can't get dressed without good hair.
All those things they say about a baby changing your perspective - it does!
I don't deal in pretentious kids' parties.
I do love being on television and in peoples' homes. I'm not an actor, so there is a connection that's real.
My first job, I worked at 'YM' and I had an extremely tough boss who made me cry every single day. But what I took away from that was how I would never be.
I'm not a tough boss in that I don't raise my voice, I don't freak out, and I don't have a temper most of the time.
My home has to feel airy and bright with natural light. I don't switch on lamps until it is literally black outside.
You have to interpret what's hot to make it work on yourself. If tweed suits are in, but you're not a suit kind of girl, wear the jacket with jeans and a pair of Converses.
Something that's very painful for me is when people wear pants that are too short.
