Lebanese,Designer
The more traditional bride still prefers white or ivory, but the young girls... seem to like the idea of using colors.
I hope that the women who wear my perfume will have men all over them.
How cool it is to see a bride walking down the aisle with a beautiful long gown with beautiful layers of tulle and organza, unveiling their mini dress at the party?
Mini dresses that have an over skirt of tulle makes it traditional and modern at the same time.
Barbie has always been an inspiration. Dressing her was part of ever girl's dream.
Try everything on, even gowns that you don't think you'll love. You might be surprised and fall in love with a gown that you weren't drawn to at first.
Beirut is where I was born and raised.
When I took on the title sponsorship of the Western European League and the World Cup Final in October 2010, I did it because I love the sport and I love horses. It has proved to be a perfect match for the Reem Acra brand.
I live in New York and travel all over the world on a regular basis.
Every few months, I find myself in Europe or the Middle East.
I want to keep a luxurious look in daywear.
Fashion is for us to have fun.
People are looking more and more to Hollywood for fashion trends: who got dressed in what, and what was on the red carpet. Hollywood is becoming a big advertisement.
I always ask my brides, 'Who are you, and what do you want to tell everybody?'
Too often, bridal shows are boring - I love including a small, unexpected element to make it interesting, like the removable skirts and umbrellas in seasons past.
In designing my bridal collections, I love mixing luxe fabrics, which give the most beautiful texture and dimension to my creations.
My top styling tips for brides are, first and foremost, to be careful not to go overboard with makeup. The goal is to look like yourself, just a bit enhanced!
Your wedding is your red carpet moment, and while brides definitely can take some chances with style, you don't want to look like a fad.
I've seen petite brides carry a ballgown, and I have also seen plus-size women carry a ballgown, though you wouldn't think so.
I'm sure that everyone who goes into fashion always dreams of having a perfume, since it completes the brand and exposes it in a different way.
As you know, all women at all ages do not feel their ages anymore. The young girl feels older, and the older woman feels younger.
I am my own cheerleader. I am the one who puts my goals, who pushes myself to get to the next goal. I don't have someone next to me saying, 'Here you go, now do this, it's your next step, go for it.'
Yes, there are obstacles as a woman; there is no doubt about it.
My friends are my inspiration, and all of them are true friends that support me. On a daily basis, I know that I have my friends to rely on.
I always said that I want to write a book about success and my story and my brand and everything that goes with it, as a woman, as a leader, as someone who has stepped up to the plate and who opens the door for the rest of the women from the Middle East.
I advise women to live their life to their fullest, invest in who you want to be and live it well.
