American,Designer
One of my greatest talents is recognizing talent in others and giving them the forum to shine.
My biggest challenge every day is to be a great mother and a great businesswoman.
I never go out during the day without sunglasses.
Entrepreneurs have a great ability to create change, be flexible, build companies and cultivate the kind of work environment in which they want to work.
I wanted stores that would feel like a comfortable room in my apartment, cozy and colorful and different.
I think women want to look beautiful. I think that's an important thing. It is relevant.
I've learned time management, organization and I have priorities.
I wanted to create a new way of looking at retail.
My company is an extension of me, so when I designed my stores I wanted people to feel that they were in my home.
I just like easy clothes - comfort.
I drive an Escalade.
I'm very forgiving so I forgive most things, really.
I grew up on a farm in Pennsylvania, where my parents raised German shepherds - we had about 30 dogs at any given time.
I could eat gazpacho three times a day.
I've been writing an ongoing letter to my children since they were born, full of recollections of their childhoods. I've filled two journals. It's a great thing to do as a mother - you forget a lot as you go along, but reading over what you've written brings all the memories back.
When I think about fashion I think women will never lose that appetite for fashion.
I am always interested in designing things that have a great price point attached to it.
For me, if I can design beautiful things that have the price be lower, I am thrilled.
I just love the energy of going into different areas of New York.
I love exploring New York and I think that's what is so exciting about it. You find places that you've never heard of or seen before all the time.
It was ingrained in me to be gracious.
Many people think that buying a fake product is harmless, but counterfeiting is estimated to result in annual losses of over $20 billion dollars to American companies.
It's very passe to think women want to spend a fortune on clothes.
I think you can have it all. You just have to know it's going to work.
Each job I had wasn't necessarily the perfect job, but I always talk to young women about how you really have to take certain things from each job and learn from that and then move on to something you really want to do.
I think when I was on the corporate ladder, it was very difficult to maintain the hours. It's a little easier when you have you're an entrepreneur.
