English,Designer
I've had these lips all my life, and I love them.
My pain threshold is quite high when it comes to vanity.
Even my basic, basic wardrobe is still pathetically colour coordinated. It just is. That is just me.
The days of red carpet disasters are kind of over.
I'm very conscious about putting good food into my body. Years ago, I went to see an amazing healer called Allah, who could read your body. She told me that I can't absorb vitamins very well, and I have to eat the right things to get my vitamins. I've always remembered that.
I hate trends, but I love fashion.
To me, the word 'workaholic' is a negative word.
I can't remember a time when I didn't love fashion. As a child, I was always particular about what I'd wear. I remember feeling most aggrieved that I had to put on a dull uniform to go to boarding school.
English women would rather go out and buy a washing machine than shop for clothes.
The first time I was given money to shop for myself, I was 13 and staying with my godmother in New York. I went to Clinique and bought the three-step acne programme and felt so grown-up.
Ottolenghi sells lots of delicious sweet things, but my daily addiction is their unbelievable dark chocolate salted caramel biscuits. They're the best things in the world - I go through half a packet every night. I bring them out after pudding at dinner parties.
My grandfather was Scottish, born in the slums of Glasgow.
I enjoy waking up in the morning and thinking, 'Who do I want to be today?'
In America, there's a programme called 'The Swan.' They take 12 ugly people and call them 'ugly ducklings.' They spend six months and have everything done - plastic surgery, teeth, everything. And then they have this moment where their family is brought in, and they are revealed. It's scary.
I would advise women not to be shy about admitting they've had Botox - it just shows you want to look your best, and there's nothing wrong with that.
I judge when I need a top-up of Botox by looking in the mirror to see if I can move more than half my forehead.
I will admit I am quite obsessive about the world of anti-ageing.
If you are heading for 60, people will flirt with you; if you are heading for 70, they won't.
When you're with a big TV channel, there's a sense of having to behave in a certain way in order to get audience figures.
I think only a woman understands another woman's body.
Don't look at your legs and think: 'They're fat.' Think: 'These things carry me around all day, and I don't have arthritis. Oh, and I've got great ankles.'
Classically posh girls like Victoria Hervey are now trying to be Hollywood girls. Hollywood girls are trying to be posh girls. Everything is all mixed up, turned on its head.
So many people hide inside their clothes.
I've been nine stone for 20 years. I always eat what I want; it's not an issue for me.
I think I just took a while to know myself. I went on a journey to find out. I was a bit wild.
I'd never have a facelift, as I have never seen one that looks good.
Perhaps British TV companies don't want women my age on screen. I don't know.
At school, I was only allowed four sweets every Wednesday, so I've developed an addiction.
I want to feel I have the energy I will need as an older mother having a younger baby. It's really important that when I'm 51, and my daughter is 10, that I feel I can still run around and do things with her, and feel the energy of a slightly younger woman having their kids at school.
To me, a yummy mummy is a mum in her twenties, like Donna Air.
My first proper job was as a commodities broker. I went off to work every morning in an '80s power suit. I couldn't afford a good one, so I'd buy nice buttons instead and make it look better than it actually was.
When I was 18, my mum gave me all the clothes she'd had made at the famous haute couture fashion label, House of Worth, in Paris. Of course, I eventually trashed them all.
I'd love to say fashion faux pas differ from country to country, but they don't.
I've a big bum and chunky calves. My husband says I've got elephantiasis of the legs.
I felt so unbelievably ugly for years.
I went on Accutane, which is very strong. Your sebaceous glands dry up, you can't exercise, and you have very dry lips. But it was a miracle, and it worked.
I know I am not the worst-dressed person.
I find it easy to dress other women, but when it comes to myself, I find it very difficult. I used to have no particular interest in clothes. Now I enjoy it more and pay much more care and attention. But I do get it wrong lots of times, and I'm like every other woman: learning from experience.
We all know what we don't like about our bodies.
A marriage can go wrong at any time.
Careers, children and homemaking all come above preserving your appearance. Self-preservation is at the bottom of the scale.
If you want to make the best of yourself, you don't necessarily need to diet - you need to wear the right stuff.
