American,Designer
I like the pause that tea allows.
My mission in life is to preserve craftsmanship.
My inspiration is always love and history, and my passion to a fault is craftsmanship and responsibility. Those are the simplest things. It goes beyond jewelry. It's every part of my life.
I travel a lot, and I hunt for fabrics, then I have the tailor make me something.
I always like a good song: puts me in a good mood.
I like having a tailor everywhere because I am everywhere.
I do believe in standing for something more than just a product.
I work with gold that holds history, diamonds that see the future, and rubies that long for love.
You don't have to become Mother Teresa to make an impact in the world. But nothing can be achieved if, at the very least, we are not talking about it.
People who know me know that there's a light-hearted side, humour... But you could easily say I am cheeky.
I like there to be some interest in every element of my life.
I do things because I enjoy it. That used to be my downfall, but now it's the upside.
It took me a while to find myself.
My go-to jeans are a straight, narrow cut from A.P.C. or BLK DNM.
I won't do anything unless it's the absolute best.
I don't think men get enough flowers. A deeper pink or red peonies are my favorite. But I'll take anything, really.
I think the reason for my fascination with craft is what it represents, what it means in our culture, what it means in our history and in humanity. It was the idea that you could go to your butcher to get something, you could go to your tailor to get this, and you could go to your cobbler to get that.
Someone gives jewelry, and there's a bit of romance. If you buy it from a store, the store is trying to romance you. Even when I'm making the jewelry, I have to be romanced.
Hold the door for a lady. Wait until a lady is out of the elevator.
I'm an American searching for some sort of parameters, a way of life - I'm looking for a slight formality, for a place where you can never be overdressed.
I'm a traditionalist with suits. It doesn't need extra pockets, and I don't want headphone jacks in my jacket. I appreciate designers who do different things, but for me, the most basic version of that item is what I want.
I'm surprised as anyone about where I've ended up. Maybe it's because I say yes to things.
If people want to think I'm an Indian prince, I don't want to dispel that notion.
I have always had a sense of curiosity and aspiration.
My job is to put myself out there. It's beyond my control how I'm perceived.
My first workshop was in Rome, and that was the start of House of Waris. In a little magical atelier, a goldsmith, his apprentice, his stone setter - and that was where it began.
I'm an explorer.
'Life Aquatic' was the first movie I did, and it's been an incredible adventure since then.
One of my favourite activities is eating.
