Italian,Athlete
I believe in doing the right things; that is my character and personality.
The role of a goalkeeper is difficult to judge, above all if you haven't been a goalkeeper. It's like me giving an opinion on someone's job without having had any experience in their sector. You start to realise how many stupid things are said and written about goalkeepers.
The pitch is the most beautiful part of the game; it gives you emotions which bring meaning to life.
In the end, you need to be a little masochistic to be a goalkeeper. A masochist and egocentric as well.
Even if I were offered twice my salary elsewhere, I would stay at Juve. Doing so would make me proud, as it is a worthy thing to do.
I have not lost an awful lot in my life, but the defeats have taught me more than the victories. Whenever I lose, I focus on the ability of my opponent and on the mistakes I made.
Everyone gets scared from time to time. It's totally normal, and anyone who says otherwise is a liar.
When you have the chance to play a Champions League final, you have to win it.
I do not need to hear how I am judged by others. I know by myself if I can be satisfied or not with my work.
Not looking for excuses is the right thing to do. I have made a lot of mistakes, and I still make mistakes, but I am not ashamed to look for the reasons behind those mistakes.
If I do something, I do it with the idea to get to the top - without that, I would stop living.
Maybe I'm the only footballer who isn't interested in cars. My Lancia Y gets me around.
People don't mind you feeling low if you are still performing. But if you've shared too much, and suddenly your performance dips, that's when they start doubting you.
In this job, you accept criticism and give answers on the field.
I took what I've been given, and I got where I did on the basis of something that is often undervalued - merit.
If I can push myself up to the 2018 World Cup, then I'll go on. After that, I'll close the door and stop playing football.
I have a wealth of experience, but I do not want to coach. I rather like the role of recruiter.
To the fans, it does not matter a damn how you are. You are seen as the footballer, the idol, so no one thinks to stop and ask you, 'Hey, how are you?'
I thought psychologists were people who rob, figuratively of course, money from the insecure. But they are not. They are people who are there to help you, and if you find a good psychologist, they will allow you to talk about everything and open up, without the slightest of fears, and that is no easy thing.
I've made a lot of mistakes in my life, but I think that's normal for someone who wants to grow and develop. You will have to overcome plenty of obstacles, and it is normal that you should stumble sometimes.
It's fine to admit being nervous - after the event. But if you tell people you're uptight before the game, it can be like, 'That guy's got problems. We can't trust him.'
In my opinion, there are fewer and fewer great goalkeepers because, with respect to when I started, they have to do so much more compared with in the past.
I went through a lot of changes and a period of depression. I'd reached an age when I had to grow up and start taking life a bit more seriously, which had a huge impact on me. I suffered terrible anxiety, and sometimes, in the middle of a game, my legs would start shaking uncontrollably. It was pretty scary.
I do not take to the field to defend myself from certain criticisms. If I do, in this kind of career, it is because I'm very self-critical.
