Italian,Designer
The difference between style and fashion is quality.
To create something exceptional, your mindset must be relentlessly focused on the smallest detail.
Jeans represent democracy in fashion.
I design for real people. I think of our customers all the time. There is no virtue whatsoever in creating clothing or accessories that are not practical.
There are always protests, whether you do something good or bad. Even if you do something beneficial, people say you do it because it's advertising.
I've always thought of the T-shirt as the Alpha and Omega of the fashion alphabet.
Never in my wildest dreams did I entertain the idea that I would become a fashion designer.
I was an observer. I liked to listen rather than openly express myself. This trait is something that I've retained over the years.
You can think you've made it and yet the next day's press will always be waiting for you, the public will always ask more of you. In short, you can always do better!
I believe that my clothes can give people a better image of themselves - that it can increase their feelings of confidence and happiness.
Actually I am very glad that people can buy Armani - even if it's a fake. I like the fact that I'm so popular around the world.
I love things that age well - things that don't date, that stand the test of time and that become living examples of the absolute best.
Why do I put myself in a position to be cast aside or not considered as I would like to? Because I am a creative mind, because I still aspire to be one.
There are so many things to take into account - your ambition, your ego, the press, the consumers. You can never be sure that you'll be on top of the pile again.
I wanted to dress the woman who lives and works, not the woman in a painting.
I didn't have a happy childhood.
In practice, I've had a presence in China since 1998 with my commercial spaces and shops.
China approaches fashion with strong enthusiasm. And I believe that this enthusiasm can be translated into something interesting, economically speaking. Not only for my brand, but also for other brands.
It is difficult to talk about fashion in the abstract, without a human body before my eyes, without drawings, without a choice of fabric - without a practical or visual reality.
War taught me that not everything is glamorous.
