Italian,Journalist
We must take positions. Our weakness in the West is born of the fact of so-called 'objectivity.' Objectivity does not exist - it cannot exist!... The word is a hypocrisy which is sustained by the lie that the truth stays in the middle. No, sir: Sometimes truth stays on one side only.
Whether it comes from a despotic sovereign or an elected president, from a murderous general or a beloved leader, I see power as an inhuman and hateful phenomenon.
Europe is no longer Europe, it is Eurabia, a colony of Islam, where the Islamic invasion does not proceed only in a physical sense, but also in a mental and cultural sense.
The most humiliating thing a woman can be is a coquette.
Alas, nothing reveals man the way war does. Nothing so accentuates in him the beauty and ugliness, the intelligence and foolishness, the brutishness and humanity, the courage and cowardice, the enigma.
The more democratic and open a society is, the more it's exposed to terrorism. The more a country is free, not governed by a police regime, the more it risks hijackings or massacres like the ones that took place for many years in Italy and Germany and other parts of Europe.
You cannot survive if you do not know the past.
My soldier weapon is the weapon of truth.
The increased presence of Muslims in Italy and in Europe is directly proportional to our loss of freedom.
Khomeini was not a puppet like Arafat or Qaddafi or the many other dictators I met in the Islamic world. He was a sort of Pope, a sort of king - a real leader.
It must be terribly lonely to be a king instead of a man.
A civilization, a culture, cannot survive without passion, cannot be saved without passion.
The Muslims refuse our culture and try to impose their culture on us. I reject them, and this is not only my duty toward my culture-it is toward my values, my principles, my civilization.
I was a little girl fighting as a partisan against Nazi-Fascism.
I am disgusted by the anti-Semitism of many Italians, of many Europeans.
Arafat contradicts himself every five minutes. He always plays the double-cross, lies even if you ask him what time it is.
When you have been born in a war like me, living in a war as a child, when you have been in wars as a war correspondent all your life - trust me! You develop a form of fatalism; you are always ready to die.
I've always disliked kamikazes, that is, people who commit suicide in order to kill others. Starting with the Japanese ones from World War II. I never considered them Pietro Miccas who torch the powder and go up with the citadel in order to block the arrival of the enemy troops at Torino. I never considered them soldiers.
What are the symbols of American strength, wealth, power and modernity? Certainly not jazz and rock and roll, not chewing-gum or hamburgers, Broadway or Hollywood. It's their skyscrapers. Their Pentagon. Their science. Their technology.
When my father was arrested, we didn't know where they had him. My mother found him at the house of torture. It was called Villa Triste.
Have you ever thought that war is a madhouse and that everyone in the war is a patient?
You cannot govern, you cannot administrate, with an ignoramus.
Wojtyla was a warrior, who did more to end the Soviet Union than even America.
Without Khomeini, we would not be where we are. What a pity that, when pregnant with him, his mother did not choose to have an abortion.
Why do the people humiliate themselves by voting? I didn't vote because I have dignity. If I had closed my nose and voted for one of them, I would spit on my own face.
We are an age without leaders. We stopped having leaders at the end of the 20th century.
I must admit that I am not generous with weak people. It's not in my nature or in my personality. My parents were not generous with weak people, see?
I love soldiers. They are my kids, they are my children.
It is the mainspring of life, courage. And courage has many faces.
The larger truth, the universal truth that you can give in a novel, is far greater than what you can give through journalism.
I don't hide. I never have. I stay at home because I like to stay at home, and at home I work.
