Italian,Designer
I really admire a woman for her intelligence, her personality. Beauty is not enough.
Every girl creates a dream in her mind; everyone needs an idol.
Today the world is a big jungle.
I love you if you love me.
There is a real vulgarity in the way women dress at the moment. They show off too much and try too hard. They don't understand where the line is between sexy and vulgar. I know where that line is.
Sometimes incompetence is useful. It helps you keep an open mind.
I am a helicopter pilot. Something that gives me pleasure sometimes is taking my helicopter to go high, 2000 meter, 6000 feet, to go there and feel like a bird. In this moment I feel free.
Normally, I never dress up.
With time, fashion has become part of my DNA.
Money is the most corrosive aspect of life today because it means that all attention to detail is forgotten.
Every woman inspires me.
Leopard is an animal design, and my designs come from nature.
When I go to a restaurant and they say, 'We're fully booked,' I say, 'It's Roberto Cavalli,' and they say, 'I will check'. I love it!
I love women's fashion, but women don't need me as much as men do. It's the men who have nothing to wear.
Florence and art is something that is part of my life and is part of myself.
Excess is success.
Sometimes, because of my success, I am afraid that I was not a good father. With the first two I was too strong, and with the other three I was too weak.
In the evening every man looks the same. Like penguins. Women have a special dress for that event; men, the same tuxedo.
I think I was the first to show that a designer could be like a rock star, that people should love your fashion but also put your name together with your fashion.
Fashion should be something that in the morning, when you open your window, you say, 'Oh fantastic, sun!' Then you take your shower, you say, 'OK fantastic, which colour I wear today because I feel happy?' This should be fashion.
The big fish run the show. I'm a middle fish, but there are small fish that are poisonous.
Today, I'm very happy about myself, because I realized my dreams. I learned how to understand what people want.
Maybe I think too much.
I learn much more by traveling by myself.
Maybe I am looking for the reason why I exist.
I love being a fashion designer.
