Italian,Designer
To me, flowers are happiness.
Fashion is OK for five days, one minute, six months, but style is for the rest of the life.
Dreams can still come true; you need a great deal of energy and determination, and a little bit of luck.
You don't change your style by changing your bag. You change it with your clothes.
I don't have the time to be bored.
I drive around on my scooter in Milan alone - we don't have bodyguards or anything like that. I am a fashion designer, not a celebrity, and although I get stopped for autographs and the like, I don't think I am famous.
In life you need to take a risk.
In my whole life, I've worn black tie three times. I can't tie the knot myself.
The fashion industry now has a direct relationship with its customers. Thanks to things like Twitter, ideas can be shared and circulated.
Dolce & Gabbana is like our child. The editing of a collection before a show is a tough call, as we would like to show everything!
Fashion takes its inspiration from society and everyday life, which is the same for everyone, and this is perhaps the reason why certain elements recur.
The first thing I do when I come to work, I say hello to my dogs and give them one biscuit each. The butler takes them out to the park and drops them off at the office, so they are there waiting for me. They are very popular in the studio. They play all the time. They run around, up and down, left and right.
My memories are of denim. I remember being 12 in my Levi's. Wow!
It's always the same - all men and women want to be sexy.
You have to work very hard behind the scenes, to make a message clear enough for a lot of people to understand.
The first thing I do when I wake up is take a cup of tea, a cup of coffee, and vitamins, and then I look at my dogs. I have three dogs, Rosa, Toto, and Mimmo, all Labradors.
I love the Weather Channel because my mood changes a lot according to the weather!
We don't think only men can be powerful and strong. Behind the heads of the Mafia, the leaders of culture, there are always very strong women. European culture is a matriarchy, especially in the south. The women have a lot of power.
I had a few problems. I didn't realise it until I started going to therapy. I did it for 10 years, two days a week, and pretty quickly I understood that a lot of my suffering, many of my issues, were rooted in my realising that I was gay when I was a little boy. I knew I was different. That made me very fragile.
Customers are very demanding and well informed.
My mum is totally crazy for fashion still.
I'm a man, I'm not just a fashion designer.
For me, the future isn't coming from the USA, like it was before.
What the fashion system says and what the fashion customer says are really two different things.
What I can say is that there are some collections that come easily, and others that require more work.
Each one of us interprets various stimuli according to our own personal sensibility.
