Cuban,Athlete
I hope that people learn from my mistake and I hope that the fans forgive me.
I have never used steroids. Period.
Yes, but I - you know, it's been such a long time, I'm sure that I've got cousins and uncles that I've never met before, you know, that I've left behind.
I don't see myself as someone that brings a lot of luggage.
When I testified in front of Congress, I know that I was testifying under oath and I told the truth.
I hope that people look at my whole career and appreciate that I've given everything that I've got.
I respect the Hall of Fame, and if they think that I'm worthy enough, I would be very honored. And if they don't, I gave it all that I had to this game.
With all the great products that are apparently out there that are undetectable, for me to take something like that... when people take things that now aren't even being tested for, does it make any sense?
I said what I said before Congress because I meant every word of it.
I'm not going to say what was being used in the clubhouse; whatever happens in the clubhouse stays in the clubhouse. But it was not like it was in your face.
I don't think anybody ever saw anybody taking anything.
I don't know who took what. That is pretty private with an individual.
The tragedy of all of this is that it happened to me and it shouldn't have happened. It ruined my life and my career. That's the tragedy of this.
Three thousand, it's just a number. It's just a game.
The other deals with my life and my livelihood and my family and all that I stand for.
I love baseball, and the door remains open.
My life was on the line here and my career and everything I worked for, it was hanging by a thread.
It was a hard time. It was something I would love to erase from my memory.
To snap my fingers and let it go away. Even if it takes the 3,000th hit with it, just let it all go away.
They try to say this era was a tainted era. But so many great players played in the last 15 to 20 years. This is going to be the best era in the history of the game in my opinion.
Baseball gets better for whatever reason.
I'm not sure. I did not set it up. I have never done a polygraph test in my life. I didn't know what to expect. I was just there to answer the questions that they put in front of me.
You know, when you first come up, and you get called up to the big leagues, all you want to do is just, you just want to have a career, a nice career. You want to make a living at it.
You just want to be able to have a nice career and make a living at it.
There's a lot of history in Boston and a lot of history, obviously, in New York with all the championships.
But I think mainly, you know, just up in the East Coast, it's where it all originated. You know, Philadelphia. It goes back to the beginning. So, you know, fans have a lot of history, and they love their teams up here.
