American,Comedian
You can't go wrong with pizza, unless it's terrible pizza.
Jimmy Fallon is handsome. This is an indisputable fact.
The right wing is appealing to a shrinking, shrinking demographic of angry white people who blame their predicament in life on the fact that there are immigrants coming into the country; it's pretty ludicrous.
I can open up any can of worms and get people upset.
I'm interested in Jeff Bridges. I love that guy. And I did like Carey Mulligan in 'An Education.' And I love Meryl Streep, but if they could ban 'Julie & Julia,' I'd be in favor of that.
I wanted to like 'Up in the Air' - I like Jason Reitman - but Vera Farmiga left me cold.
'The Graduate' should have won best picture over 'In the Heat of the Night.'
I would like Albert Brooks to have received the Oscars for best actor, best director and best screenplay for 'Modern Romance.' I love that movie.
My goal is to be exactly how I am offstage - although I realize I'm supposed to punctuate it with jokes.
My favorite comedians are basically themselves onstage.
I have a true love for the old style of Catskill comic. There's a joy in discovering a bad joke... and then there's the joy of delivering it like, 'Isn't this a hacky joke?'
I sold door to door for a couple years. As the years recede from the event, I remember less about it, which is probably good for my mind. It was home improvement in Cerritos California, Buena Park, that area.
I've sold a lot of different product. Very briefly, I sold Time Life Books on the phone.
I did not sell Amway, but I sold Shaklee, which was an Amway-type product sold through multi-level marketing.
I will say that I wasn't susceptible to Tony Robbins-like pitches, even as a younger man.
If I love a comic but they have an off night, who am I to say they should have taken out this or added that? It doesn't work that way... I have no interest in hurting people's feelings.
I don't hate Dane Cook, but I am trying to go after people I think are capable of more.
I'm not trying to do anything except entertain America.
The cliche that comics always use is that whatever is happening in the news is 'the gift that keeps on giving.' I always thought that was a bunch of nonsense.
I came out to L.A. in '78 to be a musician. I didn't get into comedy until the mid-Eighties.
Very unique: I was a singer-songwriter-guitarist. Very unusual in the late Seventies to find a singer-songwriter, and on top of that, a guitarist.
My manager came up with the name 'State of the Industry,' and it was just one of those things. It just took off. Well, I don't know about 'took off.' I'm not in the stratosphere.
My goal isn't to wake up in the morning and hurt people's feelings.
I do notice a lot of people who want to shock to get laughs. It's such a tricky thing; you don't want to make rules about it. There's nobody more hilarious than Dave Attell, and he'd break every rule you set up. But he's funny.
I think that most people will spend their whole life not figuring out what they're meant to do, or figuring out what they're meant to do on their way to do something else. So I just feel lucky that I know what I love to do. Everything else figures itself out.
I'm on a mission. If I can make even one person not enjoy something they're currently enjoying, it's all worth it!
When I started out in the late '80s, my act was pretty terrible, and for years, I kind of toiled in obscurity. I don't believe in a hierarchy in comedy; I feel that a person deserves respect the first time they get onstage, and after that, they just have to be funny and get more consistent.
I've always felt that there's a Catskills comic who lives in my head and is constantly trying to get out. There's all these jokes that have been passed down from Jewish generation to Jewish generation, which I love but which I've always made fun of.
In the '90s, comedy was at a very low point, but these days, you've got people like Hannibal Burress, Ron Funches, Maria Bamford - people who can play any club, anywhere.
There are so many people who just want a flashy object in front of their eyes and don't want to think at all; I find that disturbing.
I'm still doing what I've always wanted to do, and how big it gets or how much money I make for it or how popular I am in the public's eye is really not that important, even though it's hard to let that go.
I don't know what Tracy Morgan does onstage, but I can assure you, it's no act.
Most of the people in my family were pretty funny. Everyone had a good sense of humor. I came to California right after college, wanting to be a musician.
From 1987 to 1992, I was on the road for 40 weeks a year playing comedy clubs, and that was during the 'comedy boom.'
I try to go out for everything. I go out for any acting stuff that comes up, and voice-over stuff.
