American,Comedian
It's always funny until someone gets hurt. Then it's just hilarious.
We are the facilitators of our own creative evolution.
Life is only a dream and we are the imagination of ourselves.
I don't mean to sound bitter, cold, or cruel, but I am, so that's how it comes out.
I left in love, in laughter, and in truth, and wherever truth, love and laughter abide, I am there in spirit.
I don't like anything in the mainstream and they don't like me.
Your denial is beneath you, and thanks to the use of hallucinogenic drugs, I see through you.
Watching television is like taking black spray paint to your third eye.
We all pay for life with death, so everything in between should be free.
There is no such thing as death; life is only a dream, and we are the imagination of ourselves.
If you're so pro-life, do me a favour: don't lock arms and block medical clinics. If you're so pro-life, lock arms and block cemeteries.
If you don't think drugs have done good things for us, then take all of your records, tapes and CD's and burn them.
Women priests. Great, great. Now there's priests of both sexes I don't listen to.
I hate patriotism... I can't stand it. It's a round world last time I checked.
I began working quite young, writing, growing, maturing, always striving to top myself - to make people laugh hard at things they know and believe deep in their hearts to be true.
Music is a great energizer. It's a language everybody knows.
As long as one person lives in darkness then it seems to be a responsibility to tell other people.
Listen, the next revolution is gonna be a revolution of ideas.
People in the United Kingdom and outside the United States share my bemusement with the United States that America doesn't share with itself.
The American dream is a crock. Stop wanting everything. Everyone should wear jeans and have three T-shirts, eat rice and beans.
Children are smarter than any of us. Know how I know that? I don't know one child with a full time job and children.
I get a kick out of being an outsider constantly. It allows me to be creative.
I don't do drugs anymore... than, say, the average touring funk band.
The best kind of comedy to me is when you make people laugh at things they've never laughed at, and also take a light into the darkened corners of people's minds, exposing them to the light.
I'm not really a heavy smoker any more. I only get through two lighters a day now.
Ultimately, it is in fun. It is supposed to be highly entertaining.
