American,Comedian
I love to laugh, and laughter is one of my favorite things. When you have a really good laugh, you feel great afterwards.
I hate stupid people. They should have to wear signs that just say, 'I'm stupid.'
I'd like to see the Amazon rainforests before they're all gone, and also the Galapagos - that's another one I'd like to do. I'd love to go diving in those areas. Basically, places, like, that are kind of going away, and I'd like to see them before they all become condos and high-rises.
In syndication, the biggest buyers are car dealerships.
I'm a blue collar guy.
If you watch the 'Blue Collar Tour,' I was probably the least redneck of everybody.
There's a lot of things I believe in this world. I believe in God, I believe in the United States of America, and I support and believe in the Second Amendment.
I can't count the number of times I've been sound asleep, woke up, and I was doing my hair.
To be honest with you, I still eat whatever I want. It's all about portion control. I still love pizza, but instead of eating half, I eat a slice.
I learned that you don't take dishes from the table to the dishwasher; you have to rinse them first. I think that's stupid because I don't go out in the back yard and hose off before taking a shower.
If you're just a nice guy - you don't let people walk on you - but if you're just a nice guy and treat people right, good things happen.
There's a reason God didn't give me this success in my 20s, because I'd have blown it.
I don't do politics, I don't do religion, I don't do ethnic jokes.
I haven't been really nervous about a gig in a long time.
It's fun being Bill Engvall.
Left to my own vices, all I would own is a Corvette, and it would be broken down.
Europe has such an expansive history.
I travel fairly lightly because you have to these days. I always take a laptop and an iPod so I can watch movies and listen to music. And my Gameboy. That's a good time-killer.
When I drove up on the set one day, and they'd put up a sign that says 'The Bill Engvall Show,' I stood there for 20 minutes just staring at it. The director, James Widdoes, came up and said, 'What are you doing?' And I said, 'Look at this! There's my name on a stage door in Hollywood!'
My goal is for 'The Bill Engvall Show' to be a show the networks look at and say, 'Ooh, maybe we should get back to the family sitcom.'
You know as well as I do that the family sitcom was the stalwart of TV for God knows how many decades.
People are trying to figure out how to pay bills and make ends meet. They don't want to turn on the TV and say, 'What is this crap?'
It's funny: people who meet me say, 'I thought you'd be different.' But I'm still the same guy.
I came out of the mall one day, and a guy was standing there with a coat hanger in his window, and I couldn't stop myself. I asked the stupid question. 'You lock your keys in the car?' 'Nope, just washed it, gonna hang it up to dry.'
I always wanted to be an actor. I always wanted to be John Wayne.
A lot of times you go to a concert, and when you leave, you don't know anything more about the act then when you got there.
My favorite road trip ever is when my wife and I took an RV around the country. We just had the best time.
America loves to watch people growing and getting better.
If you lived next door to me and didn't know what I did, you wouldn't know I was a celebrity. I don't have that lifestyle, nor do I want that lifestyle. I want to know that I can have a separate life with my wife and my kids and just be normal and go camping and fishing and outdoor stuff.
I've never said I was the best dancer, and I never said I was a good dancer.
I'm from Texas. You would think my biggest draw would be in that state. But my biggest draw is Pennsylvania.
I have fun on stage, so people think maybe they should, too.
What I do is not regional comedy, and it is not based in the southern area.
Standup is a form of therapy. It is OK to tell problems to your audience as long as you are being honest and not boring them. I tell them that I am saving $75 an hour when I talk to them instead of a therapist.
