American,Comedian
The love that comes from friendship is the underlying facet of a happy life.
You can't fast-forward heartbreak, and you can't rewind love - and that's just one big bummer.
I'm very much about letting other people shine, because it makes us all shine brighter.
If you're really looking to hurt somebody's feelings, just break up with them.
I'm not trying to be a role model to kids, because I don't have any children, but I do think everyone should have a free spirit.
There's times where you think, 'Gosh, what if nobody ever wants to hear what I have to say?'
You can't have friendships that aren't based on realness.
Great guys exist. They may not be in the package you think you like, and they may not come when you feel you deserve them the most, but they're there. I believe it. You should too. Because now I'm with someone who makes me grow every day. His name is Netflix.
I'm a late-night host that doesn't want to be tied down by time or television or even hosting.
Have you ever been sued by a midget? It's not fun.
I like to celebrate my life. I have a life that I'm really lucky to have, and so I want to make sure every minute counts and that I go on great vacations and I share my memories with people that I love and that will make me laugh and lalalalalala.
I don't pretend to be a great interviewer; I don't even pretend to be good at my job.
I was the youngest of six kids, and my brothers and sisters were kind of a lot older than me. And the one sister that was, like, in a close age range - she was five years older than me. She was my closest sister in age, and she was a loser.
I wanted to be famous. It's embarrassing to admit, but I came out to L.A. thinking it would happen in no time. I thought, 'Once they see me, they'll be so glad I came.' I always had a ridiculous amount of self-confidence about what was going to happen to me.
I have always maintained a strong opposition to marriage because I would have to be in serious denial to pretend I wasn't born with a personality for divorce. Whatever the opposite of amicable is, that's how my breakups tend to play out.
You can act, or you can't. I'm sure a lot of people who are serious about acting would disagree, but I'm not really worried about them.
I didn't become a comedian to work this hard.
I was tortured, and probably half of it was deserved, but I was bullied - so much so that there were days when I was like, 'I can't go to school today.' I was too scared.
If you're a member of my family, whether immediate or extended, and you want to see my show, don't.
You either become like your parents or you become the opposite of your parents. And I like to think that I'm the opposite of my parents.
I think comedy has to come from your authentic point of view.
When you interview celebrities, they're so guarded so many times, they can't reveal anything.
I think if you're gonna do something as silly and lighthearted as entertainment, then why not be interesting when you're doing it?
I've always had a problem with authority. That's why I had to be my own boss.
The next step for me is not 'The Tonight Show.' That's a job for Jimmy Fallon. I'm way too divisive for a show like that.
Don't think about anything for too long. Even if it's off-the-wall, go for it. You'll have a lot more fun in life.
I'm a standup comedian, so I need people.
I like to have a home for people just to have a lot of fun.
I don't have a lot of shame. That doesn't mean I can't feel bad about the way someone reacts to me or about something I read about myself online. But I don't have a lot of guilt, no. I've always been this way. I'm missing a chip.
I try not to apologize, especially publicly. That's a slippery slope, because I'm a comedian. If you take anything I'm saying too seriously, then you shouldn't be paying attention in the first place. If you find me offensive, don't follow me.
I don't like speaking publicly when I don't have to be funny.
The whole point of remaining on cable is to remain true to who I am. That's a bad, bad girl that got a big job.
I think you do need two terms as a president.
I have a huge impact with young girls. Young women. That's my demographic.
Some men are just disgusted with me and think I should have my mouth sewn shut.
I've always had a big personality. I was trickier as a kid. I behaved erratically instead of consistently. I would have tons of friends, and then I would have no friends. I'd be with the cool girls, then the uncool girls. I migrated from group to group because I was bored or people got bored with me. I was very intense.
Everywhere I go, people ask me about Jennifer Aniston's wedding. Everywhere I go. I always say to her, I'm like, 'Being friends with you is a burden. You think it's hard to be friends with me?'
Once I turned 40, my whole life changed in the most mature - not boring way but much cooler way. I feel much more like an adult.
Stand-up was my entree into the entertainment world. I didn't have to act out somebody else's words. I could just stand there with a microphone, and nobody would interrupt me. It's the most narcissistic thing you could probably do.
E! has just become a sad, sad place to live. They don't know what they're doing; they have no ideas... everything they do just is a failure.
I think nudity is funny, especially when it's inappropriate.
There was never a moment when I was like, 'I'm going to enter the public conversation on the importance of female nudity.'
As the youngest of six kids, I grew up spending summers on Martha's Vineyard, and I was always topless. All the pictures are of me in jean shorts, no shirt - with my brothers, playing football.
I'm not friends with any of my exes, and I've never understood the appeal.
Jennifer Aniston is one of the most down-to-earth, low-key people I know.
Even my Mormon sister checks my rankings on Amazon.com.
Who would marry me anyway? I'm a handful.
I do think about marriage, but it's not the end-all goal.
If you talk about Lindsay Lohan for four or five days a week, you really can't bear to talk about her on the weekends.
Anyone who's married to Mariah Carey - I'm pretty sure - doesn't have a great sense of humor. I mean, let's be honest: she's ridiculous. What is her game plan?
Some people think Hollywood is shallow. I find that it's home.
I definitely don't want to have kids. I don't think I'd be a great mother. I don't want to have a kid and have it raised by a nanny. I don't have the time to raise a child.
I cannot be Mary Hart - or even worse, Samantha Harris - and stand there with my hip out talking about Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes taking Suri to an art museum without making fun of it.
There's only so much you can say about celebrity, obviously.
I thought I'd become an actress, but then I realized I eat too much.
Some people have a phobia of midgets. They're, like, scared of them. I have the opposite - I see them, and I want to hold them down, cuddle them, be like, 'Come here, you little nugget. Who's your mommy now?' So cute!
My position as the best-selling author at E! is secure - unless Salman Rushdie develops a show with them.
I remember having a conversation with my sister, saying, 'What if I don't make it? What if I'm still waiting tables when I'm 35?' I was just at the end of my rope. But I've been at the end of that rope several times.
I try to make fun of everyone as often as possible, especially minorities.
We're seeking out such grossness in human behavior and want such mindless entertainment. 'The Real Housewives of Atlanta' and some of these other shows are more racist. Or '16 and Pregnant.' Getting rewarded for being pregnant when you're a teenager? Are you serious?
Network TV is so limiting. There are so many parameters.
I started my own business because my parents had no dowry for me, and I was worried. I ran it from their Martha Vineyard's summer house. I baby-sat for a 14-year-old boy all summer and was giving him time-outs, even though I was two years younger than him.
My standup is observational, but it's self-observational, and it's self-deprecating, definitely.
I once waited on a group of 10 people, and one guy collected the money from the check and tipped me $20 on $600. I told him in front of everyone, 'Jews like you give Jews like me a bad name.' That was my last waitressing job.
TMZ is so disgusting.
I think pregnancy is a huge responsibility.
I'm actually a big fan of Kathy Griffin because I think she's really funny. I think she's really self-deprecating, which is something I like to see in a comedian. I think those are really the best comedians: people who can make fun of themselves.
Personally, I'd have a baby just for the epidural.
Can you imagine peaking as a teen? I think if you peak in high school, there's a problem. That's what my sister always said: 'Don't worry, you'll peak later.'
I never considered myself a supermodel or anything like that. I mean, I don't think I'm ugly. I have good days and bad days, and I like when I'm fit and lean and all of those things that any woman likes, but it's not the eye of the hurricane for me.
I want to educate people and deliver news that isn't just surrounded by Charlie Sheen. I'd like to be able to do the serious stuff in conjunction with the comedy.
Once you've achieved success, and you're making decisions that are working, I don't understand why anyone would be second-guessing themselves.
I like the minute when I can get off the stage and go home, and I know I've done a good job.
I have severe ADD, and I'm constantly looking to amuse myself.
In a relationship, the sum of your parts should equal more than just you by yourself. He needs to bring something new and different to the table to up the ante.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are ridiculous-looking - especially her. They're so strange and charismatic and weird. It's pretty hard to take your eyes off them.
I'm really into the human interest thing. I really like regular people.
People are following me because they want to see pictures of me. So why is Instagram editing them?
There are some really interesting celebrities and people who are fun to interview, but when you have to do it every day because you have to fill a slot, the allure wears off.
Every time I enter a country and have to write down my occupation at customs, I'm like, 'I don't know... Author? Host? Writer? Stand-up?' I usually write 'author' - that's the safest bet.
I always thought to myself, 'I don't want to be doing stand-up when I'm 40 years old.'
Men are always like, 'You're so intimidating.' I don't find myself to be. But whatever - I'm not going to try to be less intimidating. It's just a matter of finding a guy who's able to deal with it.
Everything isn't permanent, so don't pretend that it is. Everything's supposed to move and shift.
