American,Comedian
I like light green, sometimes red is fun to look at, not a fan of yellow, unless it's in a rainbow or on a coffee mug or on a happy face.
I can't stop being in parades. I just love dancing on floats that move really slowly on the city streets in the early morning.
Yes, this is Mango himself. Listen I'm terribly busy and don't have time for a phone interview right now.
You guys are the best. I'll see you in a couple of hours. I haven't seen another human being in 13 hours and I'm running out of bottles for my urine. Later guys!
I wish I was dating one of the ladies in 'Bollywood Hero.' They're gorgeous. Any of them.
It's fun for someone to poke fun at himself.
I'd love to have a child. Either one or 40. I love kids.
I like women who are okay with who they are.
I love traffic. It's fantastic. New York traffic is so relaxing.
In Hollywood, what they last saw you in is what you are. It's hard to break away from that.
Being able to improvise is the basis for creating all characters and situations, for everything to do with performing, really. And it's good therapy as well.
It's a different thing shooting for 10 weeks in India as opposed to on a set on stage pretending you're in India.
My friends tell me that I've calmed down, that I seem more centered. I don't know, I think my inner self was more hollow before, which made me more scattered, and more needy to get laughs.
If it weren't for The Groundlings, I would never be on Saturday Night Live.
In Hollywood, moviemaking used to be about escaping reality to go to the movies.
Here in L.A., there are a lot of dead spots, and you have to drive to find energy, but all of India is so energetic.
I understand what my gift is, which is making people laugh, hopefully. It's more on that level. I don't need to be a leading man, I'm fine with that.
Believe in yourself and try not to take anything personally.
I'm fine with the life I have.
I'm not trying to sound like I turned into some kind of wise man, but it's nice to realize that your little pocket of the world isn't the whole world.
It sounds gross to say that I like myself more. But not everyone likes themselves that much. Especially in the comedy world.
