American,Comedian
Everybody's got a different sense of humor. It's just different styles.
The ancient Greeks were the first ones to say an unexamined life is not worth living. They don't tell you of course what we found out, an examined life not that fascinating either.
Humanity is a crazy contradiction. I accept us for who we are. We're not that great. Every time we take a step forward we go back to the same primitive behavior. We're meant to be this way. It's not our fault, it's just who we are.
I think if you try to tailor your act to anybody, you end up with an act that doesn't work anyway.
You can't make everybody laugh. You gotta just do what you think is funny. Just be obstreperous to everybody.
The thing that drives me crazy is when comics say 'I have low self-esteem.' No you don't. You're standing on stage asking people to pay. You don't play an instrument. You want people to pay to hear what's in your mind. You don't have low self-esteem. You might have other problems.
I like guy stuff.
He is very dry but also very funny... I think people tend to feel odd when I do my act. Unless you are an ironic person, it's not a good place for you to be.
I write all the time - I write poetry, I love to write.
It was tumultuous, it was crazy, but I would not trade it for anything.
So instead of talking about theoretical ways of ending the war and violence, I say that we have to get rid of the individual asholes in each office and situation.
You know, the funny thing about Lorne and that show is that, you can go over one million things, but in a business of bean counters, he still likes to laugh at small things and creates a show around it.
You can't make money on Broadway. You make nothing. You maybe make like $1,350 a week after you pay out all the producers.
Everybody's funny in different ways.
I'm always working on stuff. But they never materialize. I'm always working on movies and TV shows.
I'm quietly becoming New York's premiere actor. People don't understand. They have me pigeon-holed as a comedian.
I'm just another guy who thinks he's smarter than he is, in a long line of them.
My name has zero value.
When I look back now I realize I was such an obnoxious kid but, you know, I went to schools like you, like a public school in New York so compared to the anarchy that was going on there, they really wouldn't - I wasn't like a bad kid. I saw people come in and punch the teachers.
I was a class clown.
The only people who like to live alone more than comics are priests.
People's - most people's job is talking about the future or like money not even in the present tense. It's not even paper.
Twitter is one of those dangerous toys that if it gets in the hands of the wrong person you'll have the mind of a 12-year-old masquerading as an adult.
I get the impression the English kings were witty, for some reason. I feel like all you had was your wit.
Marie Antoinette was funny, I'm sure she was just misinterpreted. You know the 'Let them eat cake' line. She seems like she was kind of funny, like a Chelsea Handler or Kathy Griffin type.
I think Helen of Troy must have been pretty hot. She got two countries going crazy for 10 years over her.
