Scottish,Comedian
I dropped out of high school when I was 16, after I had a huge argument with my English teacher over the meaning of the word 'existentialism.'
My pilot's license. I'm proud of that.
I got sober. I stopped killing myself with alcohol. I began to think: 'Wait a minute - if I can stop doing this, what are the possibilities?' And slowly it dawned on me that it was maybe worth the risk.
Other than the laws of physics, rules have never really worked out for me.
There's just a feeling you get from certain things you do in life that just kind of feel pure and independent of what's actually, physically, going on.
I don't get emails from my corporate overlords.
I've started looking at my own father a bit funny. He assures me, though, that I really am the son of a Scottish postman.
It's not that we fly by the seat of our pants. We're not afraid of failure.
I'm crazy. I know I'm crazy 'cause Desmond Tutu told me, and he's very clever. He said, 'You must free yourself, be more of who you are. Be more crazy.' And I'm going to.
I think sometimes that people think brave means not being afraid, which of course it doesn't mean that at all. It means that you're afraid, but you move past that and do it anyway, do what you think is right.
I'm a terrible interviewer. I'm not a journalist - although I have a Peabody Award - and I'm not really a late-night host. What I am is honest.
I am reasonably happy. I didn't find Jesus or anything like that. Part of it is that I just feel that I could go home. I did not feel like that for a long time, but I could go back now.
When I went out on tour as Bing Hitler I would hook up with Lenny and we'd get drunk together. He was always very supportive. He was a big star and a lot of what he said to me had power and impact. Apart from that, I just like him.
They were singing, Gillette, the best a man can get, with a lot of guys hugging their fathers and sailing and riding bikes. I suddenly felt a long way from the best a man could get and I thought it would be nice to get from there to the best.
I don't see my show as a stepping stone to something else like some people, who get a job then have a foot out the door looking for their next job.
Don't ever rope me in as a late-night talk show host. I don't want to be one.
It's very interesting to know what people are doing while you're working on late-night television.
I think that clearly it has an influence, to be coming of age during the punk rock era, to come from a difficult and sporadically violent background, to have been in and out of such chaos, I think it actually helps. But I don't know for sure.
When I stopped drinking, it was only because I thought if I don't stop, I'm going to die.
I proved to my own satisfaction that I am madder than I think.
I realized women and humor were linked very closely.
A friend of mine that I was in a band with started me on Kafka, which in turn led to Camus and Sartre.
For me, comedy should have a certain amount of joy in it. It should be about attacking the powerful - the politicians, the Trumps, the blowhards - going after them. We shouldn't be attacking the vulnerable.
I've been running my whole life. Running into bars, running around the world. But when you have a child, you can't run. That was a revelation.
I just do my thing and try each show to be more honest about why I am and who I am. It's quite tricky and actually nerve-racking to do that. It's kind of a happy train wreck.
I used to psych myself up before the show and now I do the complete opposite: I psych myself down. It's 12:30 at night, you don't want some guy yelling at you. You want some guy just talking to you.
I used to believe, like many people who come from poor backgrounds, that it gave me an edge, but I think that's just something we have to tell ourselves to get by sometimes. I don't believe that anymore. Children of privilege can be just as talented and clever as anybody else.
I try and live my life in bite-size chunks.
Being an American is something I wanted to be for a very long time, probably since I saw the moon landing when I was a child.
I'm reading a book, because I'm brainy. No, it is a book - if you don't know, it is like a blog except bigger.
Scotland is a much lighter and more fun place than I thought it was. I was miserable when I was there. But it wasn't Scotland's fault. It was my circumstances. I was - I hate to say the word humbled - but that's what it felt like. I was wrong about this place. This is a great place full of very fun people.
Is it really that important? It's just television, for God's sake. It's not medicine or something.
The wedding took place in Vermont, where they have legalized gay civil unions, and I married a woman.
I came to America, and I made good. It's an old story, but it hasn't been told in a long time. Usually, it's, 'I'm an immigrant, I came here and got persecuted.' My story is I came here, I worked hard, and it worked out all right. So it's still available.
I always wanted to make motion pictures, ever since I was a wee boy, and I was 32, and time was marching on. I met a guy who said, 'Come out to Hollywood for 10 days, and I'll get you a deal.' So I figured, 'OK, 10 days.' On the 10th day, he got me a development deal with Disney, not for a lot of money, but it allowed me to make the move.
You know, your whole life you're concerned about money for this and that. And then you don't have to worry about it, so you worry about other stuff.
The truth is, you win the Lotto. That's really how you have to approach it. You're a lottery winner when you get a sitcom and it goes.
The idea of having Australians upset at me is just awful.
