Canadian,Comedian
You do not need a therapist if you own a motorcycle, any kind of motorcycle!
You look at the floor and see the floor. I look at the floor and see molecules.
I think I'm a narcoleptic. I could sleep on a railway track with a train running over me, in-between the rails.
When I'm not acting, I'm writing, building an inventory of scripts. Even if they sit on the shelf, I just keep stacking them up.
We must come to the point where we realize the concept of race is a false one. There is only one race, the human race.
I had a slight touch of Tourette's, which means you talk to yourself and bark and cry out at night.
Am I a trance medium? No. Have I got a gift psychically? Absolutely not. But I believe in the survival of consciousness after death.
Hygiene is important. That's one of my failings. So I'm always being called on that.
Politics has got too personal, too nasty, in Britain, as it has in America.
The Right-wingers everywhere take themselves too seriously, whether in the U.S. or the U.K. And, by the way, so does the Left. The Left can take itself a little too seriously as well.
My first jobs were all civil service. At 14, I worked for the Canadian National Railways. At 16, I worked for the Canadian Penitentiary Service.
My great-grandfather, Sam Aykroyd, was a dentist in Kingston, Ontario, and he was also an Edwardian spiritualist researcher who was very interested in what was going on in the invisible world, the survival of the consciousness, precipitated paintings, mediumship, and trans-channeling.
I bought an island in 1987. It's in one of the lakes in Canada. I went around it in my boat and went to the real estate office and bought it. It's the best $65,000 I've ever spent. My family camp on it and we have great times there.
And, I believe that if a man dies with a single penny still sitting in the bank, he's a fool.
I could sell used battery acid and make it fly.
We have the most beautiful planet - the Rockies, the purple fields of the United States, the Lake District, the Pyrenees, the turquoise seas of the tropics.
Everyone fears the cut of the blade. It doesn't matter after that. I know the spirit survives as there is so much evidence of the survival of the personality in the afterlife.
Greetings and death to our enemies.
I live in a high rise with my family part of the year in New York and I don't know three quarters of the people in the building. We live in the same square-footage and I wouldn't know who they were.
I love to come in and play with a wig or glasses or clothes. I love using props. I'm from the Peter Sellers school of trying to prepare for the character.
There's huge, massive mother ships going up to the Yukon. They've been filmed and are on video.
Well, the common enemy in North America is the Western consumer. The consumer has driven oil up to $50 a barrel so we have to have these wars. I think it's incumbent upon us to.
I've always been a big fan of science fiction and of the worlds of the spiritual and the mystic.
I have this kind of mild nice-guy exterior, but inside my heart is like a steel trap.
The entertainment business is not the be-all and end-all for me.
My whole thing is to entertain, make people laugh and to forget about the real world for awhile.
