American,Comedian
If it wasn't for the coffee, I'd have no identifiable personality whatsover.
There's no business like show business, but there are several businesses like accounting.
USA Today has come out with a new survey - apparently, three out of every four people make up 75% of the population.
Next in importance to having a good aim is to recognize when to pull the trigger.
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
There's only one requirement of any of us, and that is to be courageous. Because courage, as you might know, defines all other human behavior. And, I believe - because I've done a little of this myself - pretending to be courageous is just as good as the real thing.
I cannot sing, dance or act; what else would I be but a talk show host.
The weather here is gorgeous. It's mild and feels like it's in the eighties. The hot dog vendors got confused because of the weather and thought it was spring, so they accidentally changed the hot dog water in their carts.
Traffic signals in New York are just rough guidelines.
There's not a man, woman or child on the face of the earth who doesn't enjoy a tasty beverage.
Don't forget it's daylight savings time. You spring forward, then you fall back. It's like Robert Downey Jr. getting out of bed.
The White House is giving George W. Bush intelligence briefings. You know, some of these jokes just write themselves.
Congratulations are in order for Woody Allen - he and Soon Yi have a brand new baby daughter. It's all part of Woody's plan to grow his own wives.
The worst tempered people I have ever met were those who knew that they were wrong.
New York now leads the world's great cities in the number of people around whom you shouldn't make a sudden move.
We inadvertently bombed the Chinese Embassy. But Clinton now is working very hard. He has sent a letter of apology to the Chinese. And, he's also given them a gift certificate for future nuclear secrets.
People say New Yorkers can't get along. Not true. I saw two New Yorkers, complete strangers, sharing a cab. One guy took the tires and the radio; the other guy took the engine.
I have found that the only thing that does bring you happiness is doing something good for somebody who is incapable of doing it for themselves.
There is no off position on the genius switch.
It's so warm now, and Thanksgiving came so early - is it just me, or does it not really feel like Ramadan?
Wherever we've travelled in this great land of ours, we've found that people everywhere are about 90% water.
For the love of God, folks, don't try this at home.
We make a lot of fun at President Clinton's expense. But this transition is going to be tough because it's been 25 years since this guy has gotten laid in the private sector.
President Bush says he needs a month off to unwind. Unwind? When the hell does this guy wind?
I had no idea this thing was televised. Boy, is my face red.
New York... when civilization falls apart, remember, we were way ahead of you.
