British,Comedian
My best friend is the most important girl, outside of family, to me. I met her when I went to college and we bonded immediately. I'd do anything for her at any time. We phone each other every day.
I'll always be a fat girl and I am happy with that.
It was my father who taught me to value myself. He told me that I was uncommonly beautiful and that I was the most precious thing in his life.
I've chosen to stay in a jolly place for most of my life, and that is a lot of who I am.
I keep my own personality in a cupboard under the stairs at home so that no one else can see it or nick it.
Divorce is not easy, but if you genuinely put your kids first, that dictates the civility you should show each other. What example are you otherwise?
I don't know what the future holds, but I have to be confident about it. It's just the way I am.
I have turned away from the thought of writing fiction in the past through what I suppose is, actually, fear. The direct, raw invitation for the reader to come in and explore my imagination is fairly scary for me so I have busied myself with so much else.
I'd like to play a horse, many people think I already have. Either end of the horse would be fine.
I never do any television without chocolate. That's my motto and I live by it. Quite often I write the scripts and I make sure there are chocolate scenes. Actually I'm a bit of a chocolate tart and will eat anything. It's amazing I'm so slim.
Theatre outings are my favourite thing to spend money on. The most influential play I saw was 'Bent,' which starred Ian McKellen. And I loved the original performance of 'The Rocky Horror Show,' with Richard O'Brien and Tim Curry at the Royal Court, when I was about 15.
I'm not a big drinking person and hardly ever have alcohol. Perhaps it's not sweet enough for my sweet tooth.
Turn up your radio. Watch lots of telly and eat loads of choc. Feel guilty. Stay up all night. Learn everything in six hours that has taken you two years to compile. That's how I did it.
Evolving into a middle-aged person is quite interesting if we can understand what it means. I would like to think it meant being a bit sure of what I want.
The theatre is one of those muscles - if you don't exercise it, it becomes a strange and truly fearful place.
If I had been around when Rubens was painting, I would have been revered as a fabulous model. Kate Moss? Well, she would have been the paintbrush.
It was fantastic to work in Cornwall partly because my family live there so I was able to do lots of visiting and eat lots of cake. They live all over Cornwall and all over Devon.
In actual life I am a grumpy old bag.
I am not, I repeat, NOT a lesbian - even though I'd like to be one when I grow up.
We have to do a film parody for Comic Relief. We can't decide which film to parody at the moment. Any ideas welcome, but not Spiderman owing to costume being too tight.
I want to do something where I play Judi Dench's younger sister or daughter.
I have had the unfortunate experience of having someone write an unauthorised biography of me. Half of it is lies and the other half is badly written. My feeling is that if I'm going to write my life story, I ought to have my life first.
The person I have admired the most in comedy terms would be Eric Morecambe, who is my total hero.
I haven't really ever had to audition for anything.
I am a kid in the dressing-up box at heart.
That's the awful thing about dating. Tight underwear. We would all like to be in a big bra and pants and when you are in a secure relationship you can do that.
