American,Comedian
I lapsed into rude.
I'm one of the more pessimistic cats on the planet. I make Van Gogh look like a rodeo clown.
Why is electricity so expensive these days? Why does it cost so much for something I can make with a balloon and my hair?
What is guilt? Guilt is the pledge drive constantly hammering in our heads that keeps us from fully enjoying the show. Guilt is the reason they put the articles in Playboy.
I rant, therefore I am.
We should fight to preserve a country where people such as Michael Moore get to miss the point as badly as he misses it. Michael Moore represents everything I detest in a human being.
Most Americans will let liberals and conservatives play their games because most Americans don't pay attention.
The death penalty is becoming a way of life in this country.
President Bush gave his first-ever presidential radio address in both English and Spanish. Reaction was mixed, however, as people were trying to figure out which one was which.
You've got bad eating habits if you use a grocery cart in 7-Eleven.
Joan Rivers telling Lauren Bacall her dress is all wrong is like Carrot Top telling Lenny Bruce he needs to get an edge.
Liberals should not overplay this weapons of mass destruction card, because you want me to tell you the truth? Most of us are not going to care if they don't find these weapons of mass destruction. It's enough for a lot of us to see those kids smiling on that street again.
Here in Hollywood you can actually get a marriage license printed on an Etch-A-Sketch.
I want to help the helpless, but I don't want to help the clueless.
Somebody can say they don't understand why somebody drifts. But I've always found people who drift interesting, 'cause it shows me the game's not stagnant in their own head. They're thinking.
I'm like Bush, I see the world more like checkers than chess.
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it.
Police in Washington D.C. are now using cameras to catch drivers who go through red lights. Many congressmen this week opposed the use of the red light cameras incorrectly assuming they were being used for surveillance at local brothels.
Now, I don't want to get off on a rant here, but guilt is simply God's way of letting you know that you're having too good a time.
America may be the best country in the world, but that's kind of like being the valedictorian of summer school.
The White House looked into a plan that would allow illegal immigrants to stay in the United States. The plan called for a million Mexicans to marry a million of our ugliest citizens.
A recent police study found that you're much more likely to get shot by a fat cop if you run.
The radical right is so homophobic that they're blaming global warming on the AIDS quilt.
Born again?! No, I'm not. Excuse me for getting it right the first time.
Washington, DC is to lying what Wisconsin is to cheese.
The average American's day planner has fewer holes in it than Ray Charles's dart board.
