American,Comedian
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
A celebrity is a person who works hard all of their life to become well known, and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
A committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing, but who, as a group, can meet and decide that nothing can be done.
I play a musical instrument a little, but only for my own amazement.
Most of us spend the first six days of each week sowing wild oats; then we go to church on Sunday and pray for a crop failure.
A conference is a gathering of people who singly can do nothing, but together can decide that nothing can be done.
The first time I sang in the church choir; two hundred people changed their religion.
Some movie stars wear their sunglasses even in church. They're afraid God might recognize them and ask for autographs.
The advertising world had space men in it before spacemen existed.
A committee is a group of the unprepared, appointed by the unwilling to do the unnecessary.
Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns; he should be drawn and quoted.
Life, in my estimation, is a biological misadventure that we terminate on the shoulders of six strange men whose only objective is to make a hole in one with you.
Treat employees like partners, and they act like partners.
What's on your mind, if you will allow the overstatement.
I learned law so well, the day I graduated I sued the college, won the case, and got my tuition back.
We are living in the machine age. For the first time in history the comedian has been compelled to supply himself with jokes and comedy material to compete with the machine. Whether he knows it or not, the comedian is on a treadmill to oblivion.
You can take all the sincerity in Hollywood, place it in the navel of a fruit fly and still have room enough for three caraway seeds and a producer's heart.
The last time I saw him he was walking down lover's lane holding his own hand.
The vice-president of an advertising agency is a bit of executive fungus that forms on a desk that has been exposed to conference.
My uncle is a Southern planter. He's an undertaker in Alabama.
I have just returned from Boston. It is the only thing to do if you find yourself up there.
Committee - a group of men who individually can do nothing but as a group decide that nothing can be done.
An income tax form is like a laundry list - either way you lose your shirt.
Television is the triumph of machine over people.
I'd rather have a full bottle in front of me than a full frontal lobotomy.
