American,Comedian
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
Some people ask the secret of our long marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft music and dancing. She goes Tuesdays, I go Fridays.
A doctor gave a man six months to live. The man couldn't pay his bill, so he gave him another six months.
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places.
When God sneezed, I didn't know what to say.
When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading.
The secret of a happy marriage remains a secret.
A Jewish woman had two chickens. One got sick, so the woman made chicken soup out of the other one to help the sick one get well.
Just got back from a pleasure trip: I took my mother-in-law to the airport.
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up - they have no holidays.
If at first you don't succeed... so much for skydiving.
I've been in love with the same woman for forty-one years. If my wife finds out, she'll kill me.
Do you know what it means to come home at night to a woman who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house, that's what it means.
The horse I bet on was so slow, the jockey kept a diary of the trip.
I know a man who doesn't pay to have his trash taken out. How does he get rid of his trash? He gift wraps it, and puts in into an unlocked car.
You have a nice personality, but not for a human being.
This is an elegant hotel! Room service has an unlisted number.
What's the use of happiness? It can't buy you money.
Why do Jewish men die before their wives? They want to.
Those two are a fastidious couple. She's fast and he's hideous.
When I told my doctor I couldn't afford an operation, he offered to touch-up my X-rays.
My other brother-in-law died. He was a karate expert, then joined the army. The first time he saluted, he killed himself.
My grandmother is over eighty and still doesn't need glasses. Drinks right out of the bottle.
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back.
You can't buy love, but you can pay heavily for it.
My son complains about headaches. I tell him all the time, when you get out of bed, it's feet first!
