American,Comedian
You may be a redneck if... you have spent more on your pickup truck than on your education.
That's the great thing about a tractor. You can't really hear the phone ring.
If your neighbors think you're a detective because a cop always brings you home, you might be a redneck.
You may be a redneck if... your lifetime goal is to own a fireworks stand.
Little girls love dolls. They just don't love doll clothes. We've got four thousand dolls and ain't one of them got a stitch of clothes on.
If you have a complete set of salad bowls and they all say Kool Whip on the side, you might be a redneck.
If your working television sits on top of your non-working television, you might be a redneck.
If you ever start feeling like you have the goofiest, craziest, most dysfunctional family in the world, all you have to do is go to a state fair. Because five minutes at the fair, you'll be going, 'you know, we're alright. We are dang near royalty.'
Look at where Jesus went to pick people. He didn't go to the colleges; he got guys off the fishing docks.
If you've ever made change in the offering plate, you might be a redneck.
If you own a home with wheels on it and several cars without, you just might be a redneck.
The more excited the rooster gets, the higher his voice goes. He's got a little bit of a Barney Fife quality to him.
Changing a diaper is a lot like getting a present from your grandmother - you're not sure what you've got but you're pretty sure you're not going to like it.
Find something in life that you love doing. If you make a lot of money, that's a bonus, and if you don't, you still won't hate going to work.
I tried real hard to play golf, and I was so bad at it they would have to check me for ticks at the end of the round because I'd spent about half the day in the woods.
I don't know why my brain has kept all the words to the Gilligan's Island theme song and has deleted everything about triangles.
For the first time ever I was taking the family on the road. We stayed with my in-laws, which on life's list of experiences ranks right below sitting in a tub full of scissors.
I turned down a movie this summer because it was nine weeks in Vancouver and my oldest daughter is 14. I've got four more summers with her. I'm not giving away nine weeks of her summer to go do a silly movie.
You might be a redneck if... the blue book value of your truck goes up and down depending on how much gas it has in it.
The stuff that made me mad 20 years ago doesn't really make me mad any more.
Watching a baby being born is a little like watching a wet St. Bernard coming in through the cat door.
You know, I remember Career Day in high school. I remember plumbers and lawyers... I don't remember a booth where you could sign up to learn how to shoot chickens out of a cannon at the windshield of an airplane, 'cause there would have been a line at my school to do that!
Did you know babies are nauseated by the smell of a clean shirt?
I know if mama ain't happy, ain't nobody happy.
I know God is real.
If men have a smell it's usually an accident.
My grandma's the most careful, safe driver in the world. You put her in a rental car, and she's doing doughnuts in the K-Mart parking lot!
I love comedy. God has given me this platform.
We're all screwed up. And the way Christians mess things up is we act like we've got it going on. And if we would just stay in that place of, 'Hey, we're all screwed up and but for the grace of God, none of us have a shot here.' We need to have a sense of humor about it; that's kind of the way I've always faced my comedy.
When I first started out, being from the South and going to New York or Chicago, people kept telling me to get voice lessons and 'lose that stupid accent you got.' And I'm like, 'Well, where I come from, you have the stupid accent.'
