American,Comedian
Part of my act is meant to shake you up. It looks like I'm being funny, but I'm reminding you of other things. Life is tough, darling. Life is hard. And we better laugh at everything; otherwise, we're going down the tube.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present.
I enjoy life when things are happening. I don't care if it's good things or bad things. That means you're alive.
I hate housework! You make the beds, you do the dishes and six months later you have to start all over again.
Life goes by fast. Enjoy it. Calm down. It's all funny. Next. Everyone gets so upset about the wrong things.
The first time I see a jogger smiling, I'll consider it.
I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
I'm in nobody's circle, I've always been an outsider.
Acting is my true love. I would like to have been a serious actor, and I plan to in the next life. I'm gonna be Meryl Streep Rivers.
You've gotta understand - when you interview someone, it's not an interrogation. It's not the Nuremberg Trials.
I blame my mother for my poor sex life. All she told me was 'the man goes on top and the woman underneath.' For three years my husband and I slept in bunk beds.
Elizabeth Taylor has more chins than the Chinese telephone directory.
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor.
Life is very tough. If you don't laugh, it's tough.
I have flabby thighs, but fortunately my stomach covers them.
I've had so much plastic surgery, when I die they will donate my body to Tupperware.
Nobody wants to hear that you met Harry Truman... I met Harry Truman... But you know what I mean? Nobody's interested. They want to know you met Rihanna. And that kills me.
My best birth control now is just to leave the lights on.
I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking.
Yeah, I read history. But it doesn't make you nice. Hitler read history, too.
I don't excercise. If God had wanted me to bend over, he would have put diamonds on the floor.
I was smart enough to go through any door that opened.
I think any celebrity that adopts a child from a third world country is a fool.
All my friends are dying. That's why I always wear black.
Everyone forgets comedians are actors. There's no question about it. A Robin Williams cannot say the same line every night for 40 weeks and make it sound fresh unless he's doing an acting job.
Every comedian is furious. Age makes me angry. I'm unhappy at not being able to open packages anymore. I'm angry that libraries have gone. I hate children on planes. I'm very shallow, so they tend to be little things. To be honest, I think I was probably angry the day I was born, you know, about diapers or something.
It's so long since I've had sex I've forgotten who ties up who.
Forty for you, sixty for me. And equal partners we will be.
My husband wanted to be cremated. I told him I'd scatter his ashes at Neiman Marcus - that way, I'd visit him every day.
I've always been salaried; I've never owned anything. I've done very well, lived very well.
Don't follow any advice, no matter how good, until you feel as deeply in your spirit as you think in your mind that the counsel is wise.
The ideal beauty is a fugitive which is never found.
My obstetrician was so dumb that when I gave birth he forgot to cut the cord. For a year that kid followed me everywhere. It was like having a dog on a leash.
I lived to be on stage, and I'm terrified. Terrified before every show.
I don't think there'd be a Tina Fey now if I hadn't tried to look good in the beginning.
I am for anyone that will give me lower taxes, stop all this stupid spending. Whoever promises me that gets this chicken's vote.
I think anyone who's perfectly happy isn't particularly funny.
I was not an attractive child. When I didn't use my Girl Scouts uniform as a uniform, I used it as a tent.
Anyone that says looks don't count is lying. Of course they do. Even babies go to the attractive face. It's the way humans work.
I live very well, but I support a lot of relatives.
Prince Charles is so funny. So, so funny.
I had a friend who was a plastic surgeon, so he would do little things. I never had, like, a full thing. So I would go in maybe once every two or three years, and he'd do a little here, a little there; tweak you, like you tweak your car. Then I became the plastic surgery poster girl.
I'm always shocked when I get an invitation. People are always shocked when they see me at a party.
I get butterflies before I go out to say hello at a party.
Before we make love my husband takes a pain killer.
I'm grateful for every day I'm still alive. Everything is still working. I attribute it to eating a lot of processed foods. I think it's the preservatives that keep me going. That, and I eat as much chocolate as I can get my hands on.
Our natures are a lot like oil, mix us with anything else, and we strive to swim on top.
Don't tell your kids you had an easy birth or they won't respect you. For years I used to wake up my daughter and say, 'Melissa you ripped me to shreds. Now go back to sleep.'.
Is Elizabeth Taylor fat? Her favorite food is seconds.
My routines come out of total unhappiness. My audiences are my group therapy.
It's been so long since I've had sex I've forgotten who ties up whom.
I'm Jewish. I don't work out. If God had wanted us to bend over, He would have put diamonds on the floor.
I think I'm in a business where you have to look good, and it's totally youth-oriented.
I was not an attractive child.
I hate reality shows that are not reality.
Every television show you go on is a choice.
If you're saying the same line 10 times and making it look like you just came up with it, that's acting.
I just love acting.
I have a wonderful psychiatrist that I see maybe once a year, because I don't need it. It all comes out onstage.
The worst thing that ever happened to me on stage is someone ran forward to tell me they loved me and projectile vomited all over the stage. It was horrible.
The thing is, I'm happiest when I'm on stage.
Put me up against Sarah Silverman and I could take her.
Comediennes are the lucky ones, because if you're funny, you can be 125 years old and they will still accept you.
I will only praise someone who can't take anything away from me.
Both of my parents got to see me host Carson, thank God. That's all anyone wants: to have their parents see they're going to be all right in life.
You can find my book at your favorite bookstore, and if it isn't there, find a new favorite.
I adore my apartment in New York. It was a ballroom that I remade, so it's like a loft but done by Louis the Fifteenth.
It's feast or famine in showbiz.
I love Katy Perry! She's very charming.
I am a huge 'Downton Abbey' fan - huge!
I always like a charity with people who don't speak English because I get them to do all kinds of things around my house.
I've learned from doing my own show with Fox that people are not your partners if they're signing the checks. Whoever signs your paycheck is the boss - no matter what they tell you.
I've learned you don't always listen to your agents and managers. Sometimes they know nothing.
Comedy is learning to be funny, and you learn to be funny in small rooms with young audiences.
I didn't want to do 'Fashion Police' because I thought, 'This is stupid, this is beneath me, who wants to talk about fashion?' It has taken off. We are the number one show in England on E! Who knew?
I am never honored. My career is hilarious to me. I am either under the radar or over the radar.
I hate old people, I hate children. I think any celebrity that adopts a child from a third world country is a fool.
I love the Internet, and I love that you can say whatever you want.
My audiences get younger all the time.
I think I was the third person in the world to get a Kindle, and I hated it from the minute I got it.
It's like, God, I'm in my 80s. Nobody, when I die, is going to say, 'How young?' They're going to say she had a great ride.
Show business is - you're there by somebody's fluke. And as long as somebody likes you, and the show is going well, you're fine. I'd do anything. There's so much I want to do.
Trust me, there's not one night a week I'm not in a theater somewhere. I adore theater, and I go out with friends, so I do have some nights off.
Comedy is a very rough beat. It's no holds barred, as it should be.
I made so many jokes about poor Russell Crowe, he once knocked on my dressing room door, and told me he wanted to go out on this chat show we were on to laugh with me. Now he's ruined it. I can't make another joke about him.
We don't apologize for a joke. We are comics. We are here to make you laugh. If you don't get it, then don't watch us.
You hear things about certain people. When you hear someone was mean to a limo driver or a wardrobe lady, or someone was rotten to a fan, somewhere in your brain it gets stuck.
My eyes opened, and the first thing I thought of when I could put thoughts together was I want to be in show business. Never wanted anything else. I used to sneak in the costume room at my nursery school and smell the costumes.
Any comic is a very good actor. Look at Don Rickles. He is saying the same joke every night for 20 years and making it look like he just thought of it.
I'm a New York girl. I come out of New York theater.
I truly think comedy is - being funny is DNA. My dad was a doctor, a wonderful doctor, and people still come up to me today, 'Your father helped my mother die.' You know what I'm saying? He made her laugh 'til she died. My father was always very funny.
When I am on E! for the 'Fashion Police,' I only care about being a critic. It loses me many friends.
As comedians, we are all laughing because life is so horrible. Life is so difficult, and I cope with it by making jokes about absolutely everything.
I will work as hard as I do because I love it.
My career is as an actress. I am an actress playing a comedienne.
Being Jewish has always been important to me. I now have 6M tattooed on the inside of my left arm. It's only a half-inch, but every time anyone sees it, they're reminded of the six million who perished, and so am I.
Reading should be a pleasure, not a chore.
Sure I do a lot of jokes about Anne Frank. But when you do those jokes, it makes people remember what happened to her. That process of bringing her story back doesn't have to be a serious one. What I say is all nonsense, but it helps to keep her memory alive.
My mother loved entertaining, and I've followed suit, so we have big celebrations for New Year, Passover, Thanksgiving and birthdays.
Your child is never not your child. You can be 90 and your mother 120, but your mother is still worried about you.
I love Vines. You make this 6.4-second drama, and you can reach 6 million viewer, and make people laugh. I find it so fabulous.
I have no line. If I think it's funny, it's funny.
All my way through college, I worked my way as a window dresser for Lord & Taylor, so I always liked fashion. I always loved fashion and I love that we can do it and not take it seriously.
What makes me laugh is, of course, the absurd, the horror - anything that upsets me.
Life does not measure up to performing... Performing is perfect.
When you whisper about something, it's too big, and you can't get it under control and take control of it.
