American,Comedian
I know a man who gave up smoking, drinking, sex, and rich food. He was healthy right up to the day he killed himself.
Happiness is your dentist telling you it won't hurt and then having him catch his hand in the drill.
When turkeys mate they think of swans.
My success just evolved from working hard at the business at hand each day.
Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are your ready?'
Never use a big word when a little filthy one will do.
For days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow, but phone calls taper off.
People will pay more to be entertained than educated.
Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined.
We're more effective than birth control pills.
I was so naive as a kid I used to sneak behind the barn and do nothing.
The only thing money gives you is the freedom of not worrying about money.
Married men live longer than single men. But married men are a lot more willing to die.
Anytime four New Yorkers get into a cab together without arguing, a bank robbery has just taken place.
Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president.
If life were fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead.
If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead.
If it weren't for Philo T. Farnsworth, inventor of television, we'd still be eating frozen radio dinners.
For three days after death, hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.
New York is an exciting town where something is happening all the time, most unsolved.
If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam.
I know you've been married to the same woman for 69 years. That is marvelous. It must be very inexpensive.
Mail your packages early so the post office can lose them in time for Christmas.
