British,Comedian
It's a great time to be doing political satire when the world is on a knife edge.
A Southern accent is not a club in my bag.
I've made so many people angry that they kind of blur into one unpleasant memory of people staring at you with somewhere between passive aggression and active aggression.
People, I guess, generally come to see me do stand-up with a working knowledge of my broad sense of humor on 'The Daily Show'... I don't think anyone would mistake me as an actual anchor.
My family are from Liverpool, so I have some twang there - I have a Midlands accent, and I was raised about an hour north of London, so my voice is a mess. Although, to American ears, it sounds like the crisp language of a queen's butler.
I think puns are not just the lowest form of wit, but the lowest form of human behavior.
You can write jokes at any point of the day. Jokes are not that hard to write, or they shouldn't be when it is literally your job.
Being a Mets fan is like lending someone a lot of money and you just know that you'll never get paid back.
In improv, the whole thing is that it is a relationship between the two people, as a back and forth. In standup, you don't really want to be listening to what somebody is saying; you want to project your jokes into their face. And that's really not a good instinct with a 'Daily Show' field piece, where it's supposed to be an interview.
Having a human conversation is not something I've had any training in either as a comedian or as, you know, a human being.
It's pretty physically unsettling, living life on a visa.
I get nostalgic for British negativity. There is an inherent hope and positive drive to New Yorkers. When you go back to Britain, everybody is just running everything down. It's like whatever the opposite of a hug is.
People in Britain see Richard Quest as a kind of an offensive cartoon character.
There is an inherent hope and positive drive to New Yorkers.
It really helps a comedian to be an outsider.
If I wanted to take a more activist or journalistic slant in work, I should probably just go be an activist or a journalist. But I'm happy being a comedian.
Stand-up comedy seems like a terrifying thing. Objectively. Before anyone has done it, it seems like one of the most frightening things you could conceive, and there's just no shortcut - you just have to do it.
I feel more at home knowing I'm not really at home. It takes all the pressure off you trying to fit in!
The moment I accept that there's an artistic, redeeming quality in puns, I have a horrible feeling I'll get hooked.
There are some people who watch NASCAR for the highly skilled driving - but most people watch it for the crashes.
If you work on a comedy show, your basic form of communication is teasing. That's generally how we speak to each other: you communicate the information between the lines of insulting sentences.
As any Brit will understand, things get a little easier when you don't have to be number one any more. Really, the fall of an empire is not as bad as everyone thinks. It's like retirement. People fear retirement, but it can turn out be rather pleasant.
People really have come for a dialogue when they go to a stand-up show in the U.K. They say, 'I understand that you have now finished your little comedy monologue; now I have something to say regarding what I've just heard.
Politics has become infused with narcissism in America.
I can't relax. I find vacations problematic.
Every empire has to get sucked down the drain. As a British person, I know how it feels.
I feel non-stop Brit shame!
If you're asking me, would I have voted for Mitt Romney, the answer is absolutely not. Emphatically not. I cannot envision a world in which I would have voted for Mitt Romney unless I sustained a massive concussion.
Southern people are bigger-hearted and kinder than I had any right to expect.
I realize how desperate it sounds for me, as a comedian, to ask you to laugh at my jokes.
There is so much cross-pollination between the U.S. and Britain in terms of comedians. British TV comedies work well in the U.S. American stand-ups make it big in Britain.
People are always going to say stupid things, and you're always going to be able to make jokes about that, but it should be the last thing you add in, because it's the easiest thing.
Attending a Sarah Palin rally was simultaneously one of the strangest and most chilling events of my life.
I have exactly as much rhythm as you think I have.
Congress never loses its capacity to disappoint you.
Veterans' issues are quite close to my heart. I find it quite hard to talk about, actually.
Americans just don't understand dry wit.
Campaign ads are the backbone of American democracy if American democracy suffered a gigantic spinal injury.
Australia turns out to be a sensational place, albeit one of the most comfortably racist places I've ever been in. They've really settled into their intolerance like an old resentful slipper.
I would much rather America was a more stable, wonderful place. You know, I love it.
Most stand-ups, once they have done it, think of it as their default job. I'm pretty sure Jon Stewart still feels that way now. You are a stand-up first; other things come and go.
I really love stand-up. I'm more than happy to do it for nothing. I've come to America to do it for nothing. It's the American Dream: Work for free.
You have to do stand-up quite a long time before you learn how to do it well. It was probably years before I was confident enough in stand-up that I was able to talk about the things I wanted to talk about, the way I wanted to talk about them.
I'm not really much of an actor, so when I started on 'The Daily Show,' I was just trying to adopt the faux authority of a newsperson. Having a British accent definitely gave me a sonic leg up on that because there is a faux authority to the British accent in and of itself.
When you're doing stand-up, you want to stand onstage and, to the extent that you can, uncomplicatedly entertain.
My family is from Liverpool, so I have some of those vowel sounds, I've got the slack tone of someone from Birmingham, and then I was raised in Bedford, which is just north of London. So my accent, if it's possible, makes even less sense to a Brit than to an American.
The British press are a group of unremitting scumbags. And sometimes they use that scumbaggery to good ends, and often not.
There are two kinds of hecklers: the destructive and constructive hecklers.
I would never heckle someone. That's why I think I'm so interested in someone that would.
My first 'Daily Show' piece was pretending I had this terrible immigrant journey, so I went to talk to an immigration lawyer who would help out people, and I ran into him in Penn Station about three months after I'd gotten the green card. I said, 'I got my green card yesterday.' And he hugged me because he understood that level of relief.
I watch one news channel until my soul can't take it anymore. It's the background of my life.
Politicians don't really bring up religion in England.
I'm British; pessimism is my wheelhouse.
In improv, the whole thing is that it is a relationship between the two people, as a back and forth. In standup, you don't really want to be listening to what somebody is saying; you want to project your jokes into their face.
I do one accent - my own. I can make it louder or quieter. That is the sum total of my vocal range. I thought I could do an American accent until I tried it in front of an American - the expression of horror is still burnt onto my retinas.
Sometimes it's good to remember how bad food can be, so you can enjoy the concept of flavour to the fullest.
We in Britain stopped evolving gastronomically with the advent of the pie. Everything beyond that seemed like a brave, frightening new world. We knew the French were up to something across the Channel, but we didn't want anything to do with it.
There is no greater anesthetic than sport.
I have occasionally - if ever I do interviews that are difficult or nerve-wracking - I take my wife's dog tags and have them in my pocket because it's a very quick way to realize that what I'm doing is not that important. It's not really worth getting stressed about because it's not, you know, war.
I've always been interested in socially political, or overtly political, comedy. And I guess I've always liked to channel some kind of personal element to that.
I'm always interested in audience interaction. Not so much aggressive audience interaction - I'm genuinely interested in how people see things.
I've said yes to everything that Jon Stewart has asked me to do. That's been a pretty good career decision, I think.
We invented words; we'll tell you how they're supposed to sound.
