American,Comedian
Halloween is an opportunity to be really creative.
Of course I love cooking Eastern European food because I'm a Jew, but I also love making roast chicken. I love making Hungarian goulash. There are a lot of egg noodles in my cooking.
I do believe that it's something that we don't talk about, but when there are clearly defined gender roles, it is much simpler. Because you don't have to think, which people apparently don't like to do.
When you see another tall woman on the street, you nod, sort of like Orthodox Jews.
I realize as I get older that stand-up is a huge part of who I am. I think I'll do it for the rest of my life.
I would love to get married, first of all, from my children's perspective. People don't think of children when they think of gay marriage, but I do have children, and for them to see their family validated as other families are validated and protected by our government, yes.
Women risked their lives for the right to vote. When I hear people say, 'Oh, I'm not gonna vote,' I just wanna tear their heart out.
The more life experience you have, the more comedy you can write.
My desire for my own sitcom began as a little girl - I spent hours lying on my belly on the shag carpeting getting lost in the world of the '70s sitcom. All I wanted to do was run away to the Brady house, The Partridge Family bus; even the project on 'Good Times' seemed better than Clark, NJ.
'The Judy Show' would be the name of my TV show if I had one, but I don't.
Over the years, things got so bad between my mother and I, we stopped talking to each other and started communicating by putting Ann Landers articles on the refrigerator.
I love being a Givenik Ambassador. Not only does it give me a platform to discuss my favorite charities, but I get to talk about my other favorite topic - 'The Judy Show!'
I didn't want to be known as a gay comic, but as a comic who happens to be gay.
Many comics stay in one city and develop their acts for that particular audience.
When I got a part in 'All American Girl,' in 1994, I remember thinking, 'Now I have a series, I'm not going to need to do standup,' but every night I'd go out afterward and get onstage somewhere.
I'm going to be a 'Chopped' champion.
People always think you have a lot of money when they see you on TV.
I've done stand-up since I was 18 years old, and I absolutely love it, but I used to go onstage, and the audience was my peers. Now I go onstage, and I could be their mother.
Women are taught that if you want to be a lady, keep your opinions to yourself and be polite.
Comedy is all about having a point of view, and it's also about power.
There is no reason to be ashamed of who you are.
Comedy is the most palliative way to make a point. People are more willing to listen if they can laugh.
When I was a kid, I'd read about celebrities who didn't want to talk to their fans after a show. I told myself, 'That's terrible, and I would never do that.'
As scary as it was being raised by one Jewish mother, I have to feel for my kids because they have two Jewish mothers.
If I was married to a man, and I had the same life situation that I have, it's the perfect recipe for a sitcom.
I live on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. I live in a 950-square-foot apartment with one bathroom and two sons.
Some people use stand-up to get something else in their careers, but it's truly the art form of stand-up I love.
There is nothing - nothing - like writing a great joke and having that joke kill onstage.
I love the vulgar. I kind of have the humor of a 17-year-old boy.
I like being able to donate my comedy to charity. I'm not a billionaire, and I can't write checks.
Joan Rivers was a role model to comics everywhere, but especially to women. She got the first laugh and the last laugh.
We all know showbiz isn't easy, but being a comic - especially being a female comic - can be quite punishing.
Joan Rivers broke down barriers, advocated for free speech, and never apologized for who she was.
When Joan Rivers walked through the curtain on 'The Tonight Show,' nobody in my house was allowed to utter a sound. Her gait was full of pep and purpose and her voice unmatched.
In America, I've been told so many times that I look 'too Jewish' that I stopped counting.
Growing up in New Jersey, bat mitzvas were all about the elegant parties.
