American,Comedian
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap.
Thanksgiving, man. Not a good day to be my pants.
I never played a musical instrument growing up but I knew kids who did and took it very seriously.
Now I'm starting to jog. But every time I do jog I have 9-1 pressed into my phone, with the next '1' ready to be launched in case I drop.
A song can take you to a special time in your life.
I want to do movies that I'm proud of where my kids, at some point, can see and I can feel comfortable sitting there watching it with them. And just that move people. That make people feel a little bit better about themselves when they leave the theatre.
I could never be James Bond.
I had many teachers that were great, positive role models and taught me to be a good person and stand up and be a good man. A lot of the principals they taught me still affect how I act sometimes and it's 30 years later.
As American as an apple is and as American as baseball is, they don't go together. You can't be chewing an apple at a baseball game. You've got to let go of the diet that day.
I took a public speaking class in college and managed to make the class laugh a little bit.
It's always cool to meet people who can do things that you have no capacity to do.
Teachers have a chance to mold someone, inspire them. I hope all teachers realize that.
If I do a movie where I have to have a son and it's a chubby kid, my mother is always like, 'You were never like that.' She gets so upset about it.
I don't want to be known as this goody-two-shoes who can only do comedies where puppies are licking peanut butter off my face.
I really wasn't a class clown.
From there, I tried out for a community theatre play, joined an improv group... it all started opening up.
Just me onstage with a mike having an intimate relationship with the audience. I don't get nervous for that. I just get excited.
For some reason and I don't know why, but I don't think that I'm funny in California. So I always want to do my movies east somewhere.
I think I invented the phrase 'Don't overdo it.'
I would always love to be an athlete, but it's got to be a tough day when you have to hang up those cleats.
I never played music, but it's an important thing ... the studying, the inspiration.
I try to connect with the everyday, every guy.
Once a year my back will go out and it'll be... it's like a sciatic thing and it's the smallest thing. Like I could be leaning over the sink to brush my teeth in a weird way and it happens.
Back in '93 I saw my first UFC fight and just became enamored by it then.
Every few months I'll pop into a comedy club or go to Vegas.
Every time I do a movie where it gets physical, I say never again.
