American,Comedian
I have a free voice. I have a free mind. I have freedom of expression.
I was taught from a very early age that I had to work twice as hard to get half as much. That was the world I grew up in - a very strong work ethic.
I don't think I ever intend to provoke outrage, but I don't mind being provocative in content.
Salt Lake City gave me a lot of surprises. How progressive the city actually is, for instance, compared to the rest of Utah - it's like this purple dot in a sea of red. And the government there is kind of a mix of conservative values and progressive ideas.
I'm not the type of person to have a schadenfreude.
When you use the word 'fair' in television, you're already in a fantasy world. Nothing is really fair in television.
I have this rule. It's called 'Top Dog-Underdog:' Underdog gets to make fun of Top Dog, but Top Dog can't make fun of Underdog. But you know what? You get Top Dog, you get to be Top Dog. Congratulations! And that dynamic happens not just in race but in many different ways. It's like the male-female dynamic.
I always said I'm not disappointed with Obama because I voted for him because he was black, and as long as he kept being black, I was a happy man.
You never know in TV - sometimes you're on at the wrong time at the wrong place. Sometimes you don't get a chance to catch on.
You have to stay alert. You've got to keep raising your game.
I think the biggest thing is voice. Whose voice is it? Who gets to control the narrative?
My joke is that three black people watch 'The Daily Show' at any given time. So if I'm watching it, that counts, and there's only two left. It's a silly joke, but you know, different types of comedy reach different cultures.
I really love having conversations and deconstructing things. I don't mind not having a laugh every second. Sometimes things deserve a little more discussion, and then you can have some fun after that.
The thing that's worked for me is having as much of a connection to the material as possible. And sometimes the material requires a more straightforward approach, and sometimes it requires a little more silliness, you know?
When you're taking chances, you know it's not going to please everybody.
My father was in law enforcement growing up. He was a probation officer. And I've always understood the point of view of the peace officer, you know, because of my dad.
The first show I worked on was 'In Living Color.' I think 'The Daily Show' was the culmination of having that point of view - being able to look at this third rail in our society.
Sometimes I'd say what's bad for the country is good for my business, unfortunately.
I would consider myself more a passionate centrist.
Doing a TV show is different because it's more of a TV version of something. A more focused take on things.
It's a challenge to do satire when the thing you're satirizing is almost beyond satire, but I think that's a challenge for everybody.
I really enjoyed being able to be one of the people who weighed in on the events. As hard as it is to do that every day, because it is exhausting, it really is fun to do that, especially when you feel like you really did something well, and it really hit.
As a culture, we've all agreed with the opinion that the world should be seen in a certain way, so at 'The Nightly Show,' our chief mission was to disagree with that premise. And to see the world in a way that may not make everybody comfortable. And to present it with a cast of people who don't always get to have a voice on that.
One of the missions of 'The Nightly Show' was to have a conversation with America in a sense, and talk about the things that people didn't want to talk about it.
I don't take pleasure in anyone's demise, really.
The business part of it can be very vexing. You always have to keep certain metrics and everything. Because all I can do is make a good show.
It was the Cosby issue that made me realize how much I really cared about women's issues and how much I realize it's important for me to be an advocate for issues that aren't necessarily my own, to be an ally for issues.
I'm not going to grouse and complain when there's nothing I can do about it. Once you've broken up with somebody, arguing with them is not going to bring them back. You may want to stop their Twitter account or call them up late at night, but they made the decision to leave.
People aren't autonomous creatures. They're under a lot of pressure themselves.
It's really not my thing to go after what comedians are doing. Because I always feel like we're jesters at the end of the day.
I'd rather go after the people who are the guardians or what we're doing - the news people and the politicians and that sort of thing. I always feel like those should be my targets, not really entertainers. That's just my personal opinion.
You are always, always overwhelmed by positive response because you know it can go either way.
'Westworld' is bizarre. I don't know what to think of 'Westworld.'
We will see about Obama's legacy. I still think the historical nature of his candidacy will be the biggest part of his legacy.
I get recognized by some people in my community, but not a lot. In fact, they would say, 'What do you do?' And I would say, 'Well, I did 'The Bernie Mac Show.'' And they would say, 'Oh, really? Well, do you know so-and-so?' And I'd say, 'Yeah, I hired them. I was the boss!' They don't believe it.
I like 'The Nightly Show.' People ask me what it is, and I say, 'If you're watching 'The Daily Show,' and it feels like it's getting a little darker, you're probably watching 'The Nightly Show.''
Maybe I'll write an episode of 'Black-ish' about a guy being fired in late-night.
The last thing I would ever do is try to become a network programmer.
I'll stop talking about race when people stop being racist.
I didn't get into comedy to talk about violent death all the time.
We had a segment called Tampon Tuesdays that I was very proud of; that was hilarious because there are a lot of women's issues out there that a lot of people don't know about because they're not women, and they don't have to go through them.
I set out to have a diverse staff on the 'Bernie Mac Show.'
I've always watched the political shows.
Writing is the most frustrating, but it's something that I've always done.
All writers have a love-hate relationship with writing. Performing is fun, too, but I wouldn't say it's my favorite. But the most fulfilling is producing.
I'd love to set up shop somewhere and develop projects - film, TV, digital would be a fun thing to do.
I really love storytelling.
I'm actually a big fan of having all the different types of voices on television. I think it gives people a nice little buffet that they can just pick and choose how they want to get their news and entertainment, I guess.
Remember, MTV would only show white videos for a long time. Can you imagine that? That was the '80s when that happened. It's hard to even think of that now, you know?
I just feel it's important to make sure that behind the scenes is as filled with diverse voices as in front of the scene is.
I love the word 'dearth,' by the way. It's one of my favorite words.
When you work in television, you're in the writer's room all the time.
Even though you're in charge, you're not completely in ownership. You know, the audience takes a huge ownership of your show. Look at comments about shows and tell me if I'm wrong. Look at shows like 'The Walking Dead' and the ownership that the audience has of that show.
Not everybody's gonna get your vision.
Every television show is sentenced to death - time and date of execution unknown.
I do not look to Hollywood to give me character clues.
As long as you say I'm the guy who's real about it, I have no problem being the person who people look to to talk about race.
Richard Pryor was my hero. Richard Pryor was keeping it 100.
I've pitched many things that have not gone, but every year, I'm in that pilot game like a lot of other writers in Hollywood.
MSNBC got rid of so many black people, I thought Boko Haram was running that network.
There's something about a new family moving into the White House that's kind of interesting, even if you didn't vote for them.
Some things are so tragic that you don't know what's funny in it, and some things are so ridiculous you don't know if it's worth talking about it.
When you have somebody like a Donald Trump - he made no bones about trying to disprove Barack Obama's Americanism in trying to make him out to be some foreigner that was born in Kenya. I thought that to be very racist.
Any voting group has an interest that they want from politicians. That's why politicians have to talk to different people. But to reduce the black interest to free stuff is so insulting. It just makes me apoplectic.
My white counterparts are always pushing the line, and they are fearless, so why can't I do that, too?
You never want to defend a joke. People get to choose whether or not to laugh and whether or not they think something is funny.
When most people become president, even if you disagree with their ideology, you can still agree that they would have the competence to run something... With Trump, I do not have the confidence of that at all.
I'm not really a self-promoter-type person.
I really don't have a need to be on TV all that much, to be honest with you.
No matter what his crimes were, Alton Sterling did not deserve to be executed for them. Look, guys, the punishment for resisting arrest shouldn't be death. The punishment for selling bootleg CDs shouldn't be death. The punishment for having a gun in an open-carry state shouldn't be death. The punishment for being a black man shouldn't be death.
I'm understated in my approach.
I have a lot of passion for a lot of different things.
