American,Comedian
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die.
If you're quiet, you're not living. You've got to be noisy and colorful and lively.
A lot of music is mathematics. It's balance.
As long as the world is turning and spinning, we're gonna be dizzy and we're gonna make mistakes.
Well, just being stupid and politically incorrect doesn't work. You can be politically incorrect if you're smart.
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets.
Look, I don't want to wax philosophic, but I will say that if you're alive you've got to flap your arms and legs, you've got to jump around a lot, for life is the very opposite of death, and therefore you must at very least think noisy and colorfully, or you're not alive.
Rhetoric does not get you anywhere, because Hitler and Mussolini are just as good at rhetoric. But if you can bring these people down with comedy, they stand no chance.
Bad taste is simply saying the truth before it should be said.
Humor is just another defense against the universe.
Life literally abounds in comedy if you just look around you.
Oh, I'm not a true genius. I'm a near genius. I would say I'm a short genius. I'd rather be tall and normal than a short genius.
A cinema villain essentially needs a moustache so he can twiddle with it gleefully as he cooks up his next nasty plan.
The brilliance of Max Brooks is that he always quotes authorities at the back of his books that never existed. Like a Russian professor he made up that validates a story or character.
Everything starts with writing. And then to support your vision, your ideas, your philosophy, your jokes, whatever, you've gotta perform them and/or direct them, or sometimes just produce them.
You got to be brave. If you feel something, you've really got to risk it.
I only direct in self-defense.
I don't believe in this business of being behind, better to be in front.
My job is to go out and entertain the most people possible.
If you stand on a soapbox and trade rhetoric with a dictator you never win.
Immortality is a by-product of good work.
Every human being has hundreds of separate people living under his skin. The talent of a writer is his ability to give them their separate names, identities, personalities and have them relate to other characters living with him.
He who hesitates is poor.
But I have bad taste with a deep fount of intellectuality.
I'm still a horse that can run. I may not be able to win the Derby, but what do you do when you retire? People retire and they vegetate. They go away and they dry up.
A brushstroke of vanity is good to add into the mix, to balance your timidity. We're all blessed with a lot of timidity and a lot of worry and anxiety, and vanity is a good antidote.
All short women have a delayed fuse. Marry a taller woman: My wife was an inch or two taller than me; it's a sign of security.
I'm rather secular. I'm basically Jewish. But I think I'm Jewish not because of the Jewish religion at all.
