American,Comedian
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.
I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who'd be mad at me for saying that.
I wanted to buy a candle holder, but the store didn't have one. So I got a cake.
My belt holds my pants up, but the belt loops hold my belt up. I don't really know what's happening down there. Who is the real hero?
I wish my name was Brian because maybe sometimes people would misspell my name and call me Brain. That's like a free compliment and you don't even gotta be smart to notice it.
I'm sick of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they're goin', and hook up with them later.
Rice is great if you're really hungry and want to eat two thousand of something.
An escalator can never break: it can only become stairs. You should never see an Escalator Temporarily Out Of Order sign, just Escalator Temporarily Stairs. Sorry for the convenience.
I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down.
My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana. I said 'No, but I want a regular banana later, so... yeah.'
I haven't slept for ten days, because that would be too long.
It's very dangerous to wave to people you don't know because what if they don't have hands? They'll think you're cocky.
If carrots got you drunk, rabbits would be messed-up.
Every time I go and shave, I assume there's someone else on the planet shaving. So I say, 'I'm gonna go shave, too.'
I like to play blackjack. I'm not addicted to gambling. I'm addicted to sitting in a semi-circle.
A waffle is like a pancake with a syrup trap.
I had a stick of CareFree gum, but it didn't work. I felt pretty good while I was blowing that bubble, but as soon as the gum lost its flavor, I was back to pondering my mortality.
Wearing a turtleneck is like being strangled by a really weak guy, all day. Wearing a backpack and a turtleneck is like a weak midget trying to bring you down.
I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it.
It's weird... people say they're not like apes. Now how do you explain football then?
I'm gonna fix that last joke by taking out all the words and adding new ones.
Y'know, you can't please all the people all the time... and last night, all those people were at my show.
Dogs are forever in the push up postion.
I bought a seven-dollar pen because I always lose pens and I got sick of not caring.
Is a hippopotamus a hippopotamus, or just a really cool Opotamus?
Fettucini alfredo is macaroni and cheese for adults.
I wish I could play little league now. I'd be way better than before.
Bologna is a deli meat for people with eyes.
I'm a heroine addict. I need to have sex with women who have saved someone's life.
I saw a human pyramid once. It was very unnecessary.
I recently took up ice sculpting. Last night I made an ice cube. This morning I made 12, I was prolific.
I think foosball is a combination of soccer and shish kabobs.
I used to be a hot-tar roofer. Yeah, I remember that... day.
