American,Comedian
All the problems we face in the United States today can be traced to an unenlightened immigration policy on the part of the American Indian.
We have nothing to fear but fear itself... and, of course, the boogieman.
So I got into growing grapes, not realizing that there was a heck of a lot more to it than meets the eye.
The No. 1 cause of forest fires is trees.
It's tough campaigning, kissing hands and shaking babies.
We've got to step up our conservation efforts before it's too late. We're not protecting our lands and natural resources. Take the Grand Canyon for example; I'm sure that at one time it was a beautiful piece of land, and just look at the way we've let it go.
I think I'd make a pretty good president, and they have a great pension plan.
I came down to Orange because I sold the Smothers Brothers a song called 'Chocolate,' and that gave me enough money to move down here. I was washing windows down in Orange County when they called me up and said they wanted me to do their TV show.
I admit I do have some drawbacks and limitations as a candidate. Although I am a professional comedian, some of my critics maintain that this is not enough. I cannot deny that I stand before you untested and inexperienced - I only spent two years in television, never as a romantic lead or a song and dance man.
If you're old enough to be arrested, you're old enough to carry a gun.
The federal government spends millions to run the Postal Service. I could lose your mail for half of that.
You can fool some of the people all of the time and all of the people some of the time, but you can only make a monkey out of the voters every four years!
Deep down, I happen to be very shallow.
I'd learned some things. I knew you weren't supposed to hold a good wine at the top - the paper bag falls off.
Now that my wine has been served in the White House, why not me? Who could talk to farmers better than I? Somebody even asked me the other day if I had anything in my platform about taxes. 'Hell yes,' I said. 'Great state. But I wouldn't want to live there.'
I've upped my standards. Now, up yours.
Assuming either the Left Wing or the Right Wing gained control of the country, it would probably fly around in circles.
If elected, I will win.
Will I obliterate national debt? Sure, why not?
Should we continue to spend billions to subsidize foreign military dictatorships, or should we concentrate on taking better care of the one we have right here at home?
I will not claim I will solve all the world's problems by myself. If I did, I'd have to run as a Republican or a Democrat.
The last few years of my life have been a little like a long ride in a Poop de Ville with the bottom down.
I once told Tommy Smothers, 'If I could just get the money and the women straightened out, the rest of my life would be easy.'
Only a cheap politician, greedy for political gain, would try to single out one individual for blame. The fault lies not with the individual but with the system, and that system is Richard Nixon.
Yeah, I'm running for the White House again. Well, it's not a run, really; it's sort of a brisk walk.
I've been on the campaign trail so long, some of my wine has turned to vinegar.
