American,Comedian
Serious and intense people, they drain you. But someone who's an idiot, like myself, they're fun. You either hate me or you love me.
Even at my peak, I never went too over the top.
I'm Jewish. I've always had a thing where it's okay to dance with the devil, just don't become the devil. Even at my peak, I never went too over the top.
It's in my blood to tour. It's in my blood to get on the road. It's in my blood to go onstage.
When you're a kid, all you really care about are Slurpees and Slip N Slide and riding your bike, and that's what I did.
Comedy wasn't something I chose - it chose me.
The best comedy to me - and again, I grew up with comedy since I was a baby, so I've seen it all - is when you exaggerate the truth, like Richard Pryor did, you understand?
When you put yourself out into the world and say, 'Hey, look at me,' you're going to get criticized.
I want to show all sides of myself. I mean, I don't want to howl at the moon my whole life, you know?
I'm not used to getting good reviews.
That's the biggest rule in Hollywood: Don't spend your own money.
Whenever someone dies everyone says, I love that guy, except for Jeffrey Dahmer.
My mom and dad are both in stand-up comedy, so that's where I started, that's where I got everything. My roots are holding the mic.
My mom is two people to me. She's my mom number one, and then she's this lady most comedians know as being a legendary owner of a nightclub that's responsible for starting a lot of heavy careers.
Few if any teenagers can relate to getting up for school and finding famous comics like Pryor and Williams hanging out in your living room after a hard night of partying. But that's Hollywood.
I was one of the first veejays to take the camera out on location, and that's what was unique about MTV at that time.
I really don't go out every night to red-carpet events.
I don't think any of us would be who we are if our parents weren't who they were. People that are in show business, and their parents are not in show business, their parents probably motivated them to get in show business.
I miss that process of getting the script and reading it and working on it. Every actor has their own way of memorizing their lines, and the whole process of starting to work with the other actors and the director, and doing rehearsals, and going to the location, and going through wardrobe.
I'm definitely a lot more comfortable now in my 40s than in my 30s - that's for sure.
My 20s were a time where I made it; my 30s were when I was away, confused, and trying to figure it all out.
Death isn't a funny thing. We're all lucky to be living.
'Entourage' is a staple L.A.-based show, and people say it's pretty real, and I thought it was. It's an exaggeration of the truth.
The best part about stand-up is that you control everything. Period. When you work in movies, or on TV shows, there are 50 other people involved.
People should stop poking fun at other people and worry about themselves.
Everywhere I go, people know who I am.
