American,Comedian
In real life, I'm gorgeous, beautiful.
I have no wisdom to share on dating.
I started doing improv my sophomore year.
I remember watching Gilda Radner when I was a kid and everyone thought she was so funny and no one ever said that she was a funny woman, she was just funny.
When you're starting up a show, you don't really know what direction it's going to go.
Actually, I didn't like Dartmouth very much, but the whole theater scene I really liked.
All I remember is the last time I played a videogame, it was Space Invaders.
But I majored in Drama, modified with Psychology.
Everybody always asks about Jimmy Fallon. I'm sorry to say that he's very nice and there's not much bad to say about him. I don't know if he sucks at videogames or not. I don't think he plays them, but he could have this whole secret life I don't know about.
I did some acting in high school, I knew I really liked it.
I had always wanted to be on SNL, it's not always great, but it's this leftover childhood dream.
I'm definitely not up-to-date on the high-tech videogame world.
If you have an impulse, not if you're going to ruin someone elses' scene, if you have an impulse of a funny little add-on or taking something in a weird direction, try it.
The Yale group was doing the Harold. So by our senior year we were trying to do the Harold. Again, we had no idea what we were doing. We had one guy in the group who was pretty experimental; he would kind of push us to do weird things. It was really fun, a great experience.
When I was little, we used to have Atari.
I could see myself in some sort of pioneer bonnet, it's my childhood fantasy, but I think I look too Jewish for the prairie.
I also didn't consider myself a huge baby person.
And you know when I was growing up, I knew I wanted to have kids, but I knew I didn't want to do it alone. Then once I was 41, 42, I had to accept that I probably wouldn't have kids unless I decided to adopt later on, but even then it would be with a partner.
Well, I've claimed to have seen two ghosts in a hotel room.
I didn't originally intend on writing a book. I started writing during the day to feel like I was accomplishing something creative.
I never wanted to be that person who leaves 'SNL' and nothing happens.
I think for anyone - male or female - in improv, the biggest thing to get over is the fear. I think every improviser has that.
I was sort of the class-clown type, and I was also in school plays, and I always liked comedy.
I started doing improv in college, and I really liked it.
I did Second City, and Nia Vardalos also did Second City, so I knew her from there.
I don't really consider myself an impressionist.
