American,Comedian
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
I'm sorry, if you were right, I'd agree with you.
If women ran the world we wouldn't have wars, just intense negotiations every 28 days.
I used to think that the worst thing in life was to end up alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people who make you feel alone.
You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it.
Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?
Never pick a fight with an ugly person, they've got nothing to lose.
Spring is nature's way of saying, 'Let's party!'
People say satire is dead. It's not dead; it's alive and living in the White House.
Comedy can be a cathartic way to deal with personal trauma.
For me, comedy starts as a spew, a kind of explosion, and then you sculpt it from there, if at all. It comes out of a deeper, darker side. Maybe it comes from anger, because I'm outraged by cruel absurdities, the hypocrisy that exists everywhere, even within yourself, where it's hardest to see.
The bad thing about being a famous comedian is that every now and then someone approaches me to tell an old joke. Don't tell me jokes - I have that. People also say the weirdest things, sometimes sarcastic things, and even evil things. They like to provoke to get a reaction.
What's right is what's left if you do everything else wrong.
Canada is like a loft apartment over a really great party.
If Heaven exists, to know that there's laughter, that would be a great thing.
The Statue of Liberty is no longer saying, 'Give me your poor, your tired, your huddled masses.' She's got a baseball bat and yelling, 'You want a piece of me?'
Reality: What a concept!
I do believe in love; it's wonderful - especially love third time around, it's even more precious; it's kind of amazing.
If it's the Psychic Network why do they need a phone number?
When you look at Prince Charles, don't you think that someone in the Royal family knew someone in the Royal family?
Comedy is acting out optimism.
We've had cloning in the South for years. It's called cousins.
I basically started performing for my mother, going, 'Love me!' What drives you to perform is the need for that primal connection. When I was little, my mother was funny with me, and I started to be charming and funny for her, and I learned that by being entertaining, you make a connection with another person.
I met Nelson Mandela, and I really didn't know what to say. It was years ago at a benefit. I was just in awe of this man because of what he'd done.
The 'Aladdin' thing - that's not work; that's just fun. Three days in the recording studio going mad, then the animators do all the work. Not a bad way to cash a large check, my friend.
A woman would never make a nuclear bomb. They would never make a weapon that kills - no, no. They'd make a weapon that makes you feel bad for a while.
Cricket is basically baseball on valium.
Okra is the closest thing to nylon I've ever eaten. It's like they bred cotton with a green bean. Okra, tastes like snot. The more you cook it, the more it turns into string.
I left school and couldn't find acting work, so I started going to clubs where you could do stand-up. I've always improvised, and stand-up was this great release. All of a sudden, it was just me and the audience.
In 'The Secret Agent,' it's basically a character that was admired by Theodore Kaczynski, which is some fan mail you don't really want to open. This is a man who is a chemist and who specializes in making bombs and despises humanity.
I love kids, but they are a tough audience.
I was only a leading man for a minute; now I'm a character actor.
I don't have a college degree, and my father didn't have a college degree, so when my son, Zachary, graduated from college, I said, 'My boy's got learnin'!'
You have this idea that you'd better keep working otherwise people will forget. And that was dangerous.
One of my favourite actors of all time, although he doesn't necessarily play villains, is Peter Lorre.
A lot of vets like 'Good Morning Vietnam' - I get great letters from guys.
From the point of view of being in the public radar, comedians have less problems than other actors. Action movie stars like Stallone or Schwarzenegger usually attract the more aggressive fans.
Having George W. Bush giving a lecture on business ethics is like having a leper give you a facial, it just doesn't work!
I believe Ronald Reagan can make this country what it once was... a large Arctic region covered with ice.
It's hard when you read an article saying bad things about you. It is as if someone is sticking a knife on your heart. But I am the harshest critic of my work.
In the process of looking for comedy, you have to be deeply honest. And in doing that, you'll find out here's the other side. You'll be looking under the rock occasionally for the laughter.
I knew Matt Damon and Ben Affleck were really talented. As actors, they were both studly young men, and they had great writers' chops.
I like my wine like my women - ready to pass out.
My mother's idea of natural childbirth was giving birth without makeup. She was hyper-positive - the world is a wonderful place, rainbows and unicorns. If you said anything contrary to her, you were basically exiled.
You'll notice that Nancy Reagan never drinks water when Ronnie speaks.
Gentiles are people who eat mayonnaise for no reason.
You can start any 'Monty Python' routine and people finish it for you. Everyone knows it like shorthand.
I've had a lot of people tell me they watched 'Old Dogs' with their kids and had a good time.
The idea of Juilliard was that it would give you this toolbox full of skills that you could take with you and apply to anything.
I'm much more open to being a supporting actor right now. At the age of 60, I'll be second fiddle. Fine. I'm happy to do it.
I only ever play Vegas one night at a time. It's a hideous, gaudy place; it may not be the end of the world per se, but you can certainly see it from there.
Sometimes you have to make a movie to make money.
I've never been asked to appear on 'I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!,' so I guess I mustn't be on the professional skids just yet.
Winning an Oscar is an honor, but, between you and me, it does not makes things easier.
I loved running, but all of a sudden everything hurt so much. I started cycling when Zelda was born.
With film roles, it just has to be a character either I haven't done before, or a role with somebody really interesting or with an interesting person or group of people.
There's a show in America where all these people compete with ferrets, and they don't even do anything. They basically just hold them up, and if they don't bite you, they might win.
My style is bad white-boy dancing. I can do swing a little bit, but nothing beyond that. My solo dancing is sad. I use my arms, badly.
Politics is so personal, vicious and immediate, how are you going to get anything done? Even the local politics where I live have gotten so ugly.
I enjoy performing for heavily armed people. It's easier than going to Georgia.
When I went home from Juilliard, I couldn't find acting work.
I think 'Dead Poets' was probably my favorite, just to get started with the idea of doing a movie that people treated as more than a movie.
I have a difficult time doing an Irish accent; even now, it kind of fades slowly into Scottish.
