American,Comedian
They've got great parents; I'm just trying to be the fun uncle.
Well, I'm not afraid to say something if I think it's funny, even if it's harsh or racist.
I think I've been called edgy - but in all honesty, there is a safety in what I do because I'm always the idiot. Unless you're just listening to buzz words and not taking into account the context of the situation, you see I'm always the ignoramus.
Jews, black people - any people who are hated or who have suffered, either as individuals or as a people - use humour. It is a survival skill.
My comedy notebooks are filled with random journal entries. It's all the same. I can look back on old joke notebooks, and know exactly what was going on in my life.
My growing up years, we watched 'Happy Days,' every night. I don't know what was reruns and what was new.
I'm a very ritualistic person. I have to wash my face twice, and on the second wash before I rinse, I brush my teeth, then I rinse, then I floss, then I put on moisturizer. I'm ritualistic. Jewishness is very ritualistic.
But I think you can make fun of anything as long as it's funny enough.
I looked up and saw the shape of a heart made by the silhouette of Ben Affleck and Matt Damon kissing.
I like my life alone. I mean, I love being with friends, and I love kissing and loving someone to pieces. But it's hard to find someone who doesn't ultimately start judging you and your choices.
Men like to squash you. I just want someone who's happy with himself, happy with his life. He doesn't have to squash mine.
I tend to be more arrogant on stage. Far more ignorant. I sometimes say what I think and sometimes say the opposite of what I think and the lines get blurred, but I can only hope that some kind of absolute power transcends.
I have very vivid dreams - almost always action-adventure. I'm often on the run. I've always had dreams. When I was little, I'd go to sleep with my head on my hands, which were in fists like I was looking through a camera. I felt like sleep was the movies - just drifting off to the movies.
I enjoy the last quarter of all basketball games.
It shows the truth - that the real meaning of a word is only as powerful or harmless as the emotion behind it.
The first time I did stand-up was the summer I was 17.
And then before going back for my sophomore year, I decided to change my major to arts and sciences, and my dad cut a deal with me: He said if I'd quit school he'd pay my rent for the next three years, as if I were in school.
By the time I would have graduated, at 22, I was a writer and featured performer on Saturday Night Live.
I don't set out to offend or shock, but I also don't do anything to avoid it.
You know, I think whatever a comic talks about onstage is all they talk about offstage.
I really think everything is fair game.
That's not to say that I don't find anything offensive.
I have a ton of Holocaust stuff, and some of it is really hard core.
I'm Jewish, but I'm totally not.
Relations between black and white would be greatly improved if we were more accepting of our fears and our feelings and more vocal about it.
Some people say my humor focuses too much on stereotypes. It doesn't. It focuses on facts.
I do love the idea of ritual. I'm a very ritualistic person. I have to wash my face twice, and on the second wash before I rinse, I brush my teeth, then I rinse, then I floss, then I put on moisturizer. I'm ritualistic. Jewishness is very ritualistic.
Traditionally, I have no right to talk about race. I'm white; I didn't grow up in an all-black neighborhood. But the license I see for myself is I'm a member of the world.
Everyone self-Googles. And, I have, of course, the Google alert.
I started out in clubs, and I've always liked clubs. I like theaters because people are there for the show.
I was always the class clown; I made my family laugh, and that was when I was always happiest. I grew up listening to stand-up comedians' albums and watching them on TV, on 'The Tonight Show' and Letterman.
I'm always writing; I'm always jotting things down on paper or making notes in my iPhone. Then I'll make myself sit down and kind of shape it up, but there's really no other way to practice other than onstage.
I love making videos on my couch. You can put those on the Internet fast. I can express myself.
I definitely think that prescription drugs, like antidepressants, are prescribed so cavalierly, anyone can get anything, but I need it. I do think that it needs to work hand and hand with therapy.
I think maybe I became funny because as a kid, I was a Jew in a town of no Jews, and being funny just instinctively came about as a way to put people at ease around me.
My dad loves to be talked about, good or bad. He just loves it. He's not even hearing the content, he's just hearing him. When I'm onstage, he's looking at the audience members and can't believe that there are strangers listening to me, and he's just delighted by the whole thing.
You want to make people laugh and by virtue of that please them, but when you're instructed to make people laugh and please them, you're too resentful to do it.
I never defend my material. Comedy is subjective.
I don't really care for, like, fat jokes about women, specifically.
I like my messiness on stage, though I watch comics who come at a joke from every angle and I think, 'Yeah! That's how it's done!' But for me it's the audience. If I feel connected to them, I have so much fun, and if not, it stinks.
If you are truly offended by an 80-year-old man saying you're not funny, then you're probably not funny.
