American,Comedian
Whenever I think of the past, it brings back so many memories.
There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
What's another word for Thesaurus?
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done.
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths.
I was walking down the street wearing glasses when the prescription ran out.
What a nice night for an evening.
Someone asked me, if I were stranded on a desert island what book would I bring... 'How to Build a Boat.'
I had to stop driving my car for a while... the tires got dizzy.
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time... I think I’ve forgotten this before.
I went to a restaurant that serves 'breakfast at any time'. So I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you.
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of payments.
I remember when the candle shop burned down. Everyone stood around singing 'Happy Birthday.'
If a word in the dictionary were misspelled, how would we know?
They say the universe is expanding. That should help with the traffic.
Babies don't need a vacation, but I still see them at the beach... it pisses me off! I'll go over to a little baby and say 'What are you doing here? You haven't worked a day in your life!'
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
I live on a one-way street that's also a dead end. I'm not sure how I got there.
I kept a diary right after I was born. Day 1: Tired from the move. Day 2: Everyone thinks I'm an idiot.
Sponges grow in the ocean. That just kills me. I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be if that didn't happen.
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country.
Do Lipton employees take coffee breaks?
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
The other day I... uh, no, that wasn't me.
Last year I went fishing with Salvador Dali. He was using a dotted line. He caught every other fish.
I've always had to conquer fear when I'm on stage. Basically, I was and still am a very shy person. It's absolutely in conflict with what I do. But once I deliver the first joke I'm okay. It's like I'm out there all by myself just delivering my lines to nobody in particular without ever trying to notice the audience in front of me.
If you are in a spaceship that is traveling at the speed of light, and you turn on the headlights, does anything happen?
I was arrested for lip-syncing karaoke.
I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the statues that are in all the other museums.
It doesn't make a difference what temperature a room is, it's always room temperature.
In Vegas, I got into a long argument with the man at the roulette wheel over what I considered to be an odd number.
I stayed in a really old hotel last night. They sent me a wake-up letter.
If one synchronised swimmer drowns, do all the rest have to drown too?
If I ever had twins, I'd use one for parts.
OK, so what's the speed of dark?
All those who believe in psychokinesis - raise my hand.
To me, comedy is just twisting reality. It's commenting or observing or twisting life.
Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time.
My theory of evolution is that Darwin was adopted.
I have two pairs of reading glasses. One pair is for reading fiction, the other for non-fiction. I've read the Bible twice wearing each pair, and it's the same.
I was reading the dictionary. I thought it was a poem about everything.
How young can you die of old age?
I have the world's largest collection of seashells. I keep it on all the beaches of the world... perhaps you've seen it.
Childhood was very nice. The only thing wrong was that I was so introverted, everything became a big deal... 'Oh, no, here comes the bus. Where am I gonna sit on the bus?'
I don't go off and sit down and try to write material, because then it's contrived and forced. I just live my life, and I see things in a word or a situation or a concept, and it will create a joke for me.
The things I talk about and explain couldn't happen - yet, they don't seem impossible - you could say I talk about the world in an abstract perspective. But then, the world is basically insane - and it's trying to pass itself off as being a sane place. I show it for what it is.
My secret to staying young... Having no sense of time.
My neighbor has a circular driveway... he can't get out.
I hooked up my accelerator pedal in my car to my brake lights. I hit the gas, people behind me stop, and I'm gone.
I met this wonderful girl at Macy's. She was buying clothes and I was putting Slinkies on the escalator.
I went to the bank and asked to borrow a cup of money. They said, 'What for?' I said, 'I'm going to buy some sugar.'
For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier... I put them in the same room and let them fight it out.
I poured spot remover on my dog. Now he's gone.
I saw a bank that said '24 Hour Banking', but I don't have that much time.
I watched the Indy 500, and I was thinking that if they left earlier they wouldn't have to go so fast.
If God dropped acid, would he see people?
You can't have everything. Where would you put it?
If you had a million Shakespeares, could they write like a monkey?
I bought some instant water one time but I didn't know what to add to it.
Hermits have no peer pressure.
I went to a general store. They wouldn't let me buy anything specifically.
My favorite book is anything by Kurt Vonnegut - he's my literary hero. I got to meet him several times, which was a great thrill for me. I don't really remember what we talked about.
My doctor told me I shouldn't work out until I'm in better shape. I told him, 'All right; don't send me a bill until I pay you.'
I'm used to seeing it, but it's weird having an Academy Award. You usually only see one of them on the TV show when they give them out, so it's kind of surreal to have one in your house.
I didn't want to be selling insurance at 40, wondering what would it have been like to do stand-up.
I feel lucky that I can have people laugh solidly for a whole hour by just saying what I think and getting paid for it.
When I'm on stage, it's really intense. My mind is going a million miles an hour, trying to remember my act, trying to say it all the right way. It's funny how different it looks and how it's happening. There are three Fellini circuses in my head, and outwardly it looks like I'm going to get a bagel.
I laugh all the time - at things, people, stuff, whatever. But, I don't laugh onstage because then it's serious business.
I'm addicted to placebos.
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
Comedians are sociologists. We're pointing out stuff that the general public doesn't even stop to think about, looking at life in slow-motion and questioning everything we see.
If you shoot at mimes, should you use a silencer?
When I was a kid, I went to the store and asked the guy, Do you have any toy train schedules?
There's something about being in front of a live audience that's fun. It's a really interesting, very electric, very alive, and intense experience, and you can't get it anywhere else. And I've been doing it since I was 23, so it's part of my being - it's part of my fabric as a person.
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included.
I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights, so it looks like I'm the only one moving.
So, do you live around here often?
When I was on TV in the '80s, I wasn't thinking, 'There's a 10-year-old kid watching this and in 15 years, he's gonna be doing stuff that was influenced by me.' I was trying to get my five minutes together. So now that those people are comedians and they're influenced by me - it's bizarre.
I was born. When I was 23 I started telling jokes. Then I started going on television and doing films. That's still what I am doing. The end.
I feel very lucky to make a living from my imagination; I'm very grateful for that. I like that what I do is create. I'm feeling very lucky to have had the career I had. It's gone much longer and bigger than I ever thought it would be.
I liked school, but I used to dread those moments when the teacher would call me up to give an oral report. I forced myself to deal with it and not dwell on the class in front of me - to keep a straight face, give the report and concentrate on getting it right. That's normally how I perform. That's how I am.
Like other kids wanted to become firemen or astronauts, I wanted to make people laugh.
It seems like we wake up and it's a race until you get to bed. It gets to you after a while and you think, 'What the hell am I doing?'
I paint; I draw and paint - I've been doing that since I was in third grade, drawing realistically and then changing to abstract art. That was my first creative thing before guitar or comedy.
I've been doing comedy longer than I haven't been doing comedy, as I was performing for three years before I even got on 'The Tonight Show.' There's truly nothing like it; it's intense and exhilarating, even though it looks so casual.
I never even thought of myself as deadpan until someone wrote an article about me about a year after I was doing comedy. There was a paper called the 'Boston Phoenix,' and someone wrote a description of what I was doing and that's where I first saw 'deadpan.'
I just got out of the hospital. I was in a speed-reading accident. I hit a bookmark.
I had a friend who was a clown. When he died, all his friends went to the funeral in one car.
Good jokes are gems. A good idea is hard to come by. I couldn't give them to someone else, even for money. It just wouldn't seem right.
I need one of those baby monitors from my subconscious to my consciousness so I can know what the hell I'm really thinking about.
Why don't they make the whole plane out of that black box stuff.
My roommate got a pet elephant. Then it got lost. It's in the apartment somewhere.
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory. You couldn't park anywhere near the place.
I like to reminisce with people I don't know.
When I was a little kid we had a sand box. It was a quicksand box. I was an only child... eventually.
I got a chain letter by fax. It's very simple. You just fax a dollar bill to everybody on the list.
My mother is from another time - the funniest person to her is Lucille Ball; that's what she loves. A lot of times she tells me she doesn't know what I'm talking about. I know if I wasn't her son and she was flipping through the TV and saw me, she would just keep going.
I went to a general store but they wouldn't let me buy anything specific.
I'm standing behind a wall of jokes. You don't know about my personal life, my girlfriends, or what I do when I'm not on the road. There's this guy, this comedian, and this is how he thinks, but people really don't know anything about me.
I love eating chocolate cake and ice cream after a show. I almost justify it in my mind as, 'You were a good boy onstage and you did your show, so now you can have some cake and ice cream.'
I like George Carlin's jokes. I like his humor. He's one of my heroes, and I like what he did with talking about everyday things.
George is a radio announcer, and when he walks under a bridge... you can't hear him talk.
I'm writing an unauthorized autobiography.
My friend has a baby. I'm recording all the noises he makes so later I can ask him what he meant.
Ever notice how irons have a setting for permanent press? I don't get it.
I play the harmonica. The only way I can play is if I get my car going really fast, and stick it out the window.
I had some eyeglasses. I was walking down the street when suddenly the prescription ran out.
When I was a kid, I never did funny things to get attention. I was never a funny person. I was never, like, 'Oh, wow. I could say this some day on stage.'
When I die, I'm leaving my body to science fiction.
I invented the cordless extension cord.
I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
I went down the street to the 24-hour grocery. When I got there, the guy was locking the front door. I said, 'Hey, the sign says you're open 24 hours.' He said, 'Yes, but not in a row.'
George Carlin's album, 'Class Clown,' came out when I was in high school. I memorized a lot of that album. I'd come home from school, put it on, and listen over and over. I started memorizing it. I don't even know why. I loved it so much I memorized it.
It's very interesting, the joke comes first and then the wording comes within five seconds, maybe ten seconds. My thing is to get the joke across in as few words as possible. However, sometimes a word that's not really needed does help the rhythm of it. It's a gut feeling.
What I like about the jokes, to me it's a lot of logic, no matter how crazy they are. It has to make absolute sense, or it won't be funny.
I like to talk about lint and coasters, the expansion of the universe and maybe McDonald's. I'm completely turned off by the idea of politics.
I'm going to get an MRI to find out whether I have claustrophobia.
Real life? Well, I just hope mine isn't investigated. They might find that I don't really exist - that I'm just a hologram.
I wear a hat on stage so that people won't be blinded by the reflection from my head. Also, if I don't wear a hat, there's no way that the hat can be at that level by itself on the stage.
I don't like politicians, and I don't like politics. I definitely don't want to be associated with any of them.
I just have a relationship with my imagination. It's like my friend, almost.
You know those things that you throw the twigs into and it spits them out? That's what I do. The branches are like life, and I throw them into my head and some of it comes out as humor.
I've been thinking of humorous things since I was... I can't remember when. All the way through elementary school, all the way through junior high, all the way through high school, through college and after college, I was thinking of the same kinds of things that I say in front of an audience now.
I don't feel that I'm explaining the world or teaching people anything. And I'm not trying to be a mirror, showing them what's really going on the world. All I'm trying to do is think of stuff that's funny, just like when I'm kidding around with my friends.
Very rarely do I talk off the top of my head on stage. I'm not an improv guy. I'm a writer-guy who presents what he's written.
I have an answering machine in my car. It says, I'm home now. But leave a message and I'll call when I'm out.
I wrote a few children's books... not on purpose.
It doesn't matter what temperature the room is, it's always room temperature.
I think God's going to come down and pull civilization over for speeding.
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
Don't you hate when your hand falls asleep and you know it will be up all night.
If you can't hear me, it's because I'm in parentheses.
I got this powdered water - now I don't know what to add.
At one point he decided enough was enough.
I don't get up, get dressed, go out, and think, 'Okay, I gotta find eight jokes.'
I haven't changed at all. I'm the same as when I was 11.
I didn't tell any of my friends that I wanted to be a comedian, because I was superstitious. I thought if I told people, it wouldn't happen. So I kept it all in my head for years and years.
I was always making my friends laugh, but I never wanted the attention of the whole classroom.
Only one in four jokes ever works, and I still can't predict what people will laugh at.
I have all the emotions that everyone has; it just appears that I don't.
It usually helps me write by reading - somehow the reading gear in your head turns the writing gear.
Doing stand-up is like running across a frozen pond with the ice breaking behind you. I love it because it's dangerous.
My act is an exaggeration of a part of me. I'm much more expressive off stage.
I thought I would be a guy on the radio.
People may think I'm trying something new by telling stories, but they're just jokes connected to give the illusion of stories. But really, I just continue using my imagination and creating. That's what I do.
I always thought Johnny Carson was just brilliant, and I used to watch him and all the comics that would be on the show every night - and I'd dream about it being me.
In a lot of ways, success is much harder than I thought it would be. I figured that you'd get here and then everything would be happily ever after. But, it's hard work, almost harder once you're successful because you've got to maintain it.
When I was 16... I worked in a pet store. And they fired me because... they had three snakes in there, and one day I braided them.
When I die, I'm gonna leave my body to science fiction.
One day a guy tried to rob me on the street, and I had no money. So I charged him.
