British,Comedian
I want my work to be judged, not me.
I've always been drawn to discomfort and that limbo of unease you get between comedy and tragedy. Making people laugh one moment and the next making them feel really uncomfortable.
Yeah, all drama teachers are very effusive, very demonstrative, very emotionally open, very big, and gesticulate a lot, and are very physical.
Actors say they do their own stunts for the integrity of the film but I did them because they looked like a lot of fun.
I always find it easier to portray myself as being unlikeable and idiotic; to actually play a character that is likeable and engages the audience is far more difficult. It's a more subtle kind of challenge.
If you are a great dramatic actor then you often don't know if people are enjoying your stuff at all because they are sitting there in silence. But with comedy it's a simple premise. If it's funny, people laugh. If it's not, they don't.
I did not become successful in my work through embracing or engaging in celebrity culture. I never signed away my privacy in exchange for success.
If you do something very successful, you will then be defined by it.
As soon as I see period costume, I turn off. It's like hearing drama on Radio 4.
When you see a crowd of people jumping up and down at a pop concert, all gloriously in the moment, I don't think you'll ever see a comedian there. They'll all be standing at the sides, looking at how it all fits together.
There is a strong ethical dimension to the best comedy. Not only does it avoid reinforcing prejudices, it actively challenges them.
When I was a student I was very, very ambitious, completely immersed in my comedy career. I never had that period of reckless hedonism that you should get out of your system in your youth.
When I see friends from school I think they've all grown old and I've stayed the same.
I have never wanted to be famous, as such - fame is a by-product.
If you chase something too desperately, it eludes you.
If you start to disrespect the character you're playing, or play it too much for laughs, that can work for a sketch, it will sell some gags, but it's all technique. It's like watching a juggler - you can be impressed by it, but it's not going to touch you in any way.
People regurgitate the same old cliches and it becomes like a photocopy of a photocopy of something that's vaguely interesting.
Me, myself, personally, I like to keep myself private. I have never said I am a paragon of virtue, a model of morality. I simply do what I do.
I've always been drawn to discomfort and that limbo of unease you get between comedy and tragedy.
Most of all I don't want to be bored. That's why I'd rather do something that has some sort of ambition, that risks failing, rather than make safer, more comfortable choices.
Going to a grammar school, you mixed with all sorts of different types and I used to listen to how they talked. When I did my imitations, I could sound like someone really rough, or I could sound like a cabinet minister.
I find impressionists slightly annoying, really.
What I don't like is dance music or hip hop or any of that sort of thing.
Comedy is unique in the sense that laughter is a palpable noise that everyone makes.
If you are a great dramatic actor then you often don't know if people are enjoying your stuff at all because they are sitting there in silence.
But with comedy it's a simple premise. If it's funny, people laugh. If it's not, they don't.
I used to do stuff at college. I could do voices. I could make some people laugh. I wasn't the class clown, but I knew I had this skill.
I wasn't a naturally confident, extravert, outgoing person.
