American,Comedian
I once sat next to Jim from Wild Kingdom on a flight from Atlanta. I find mentioning that opens a lot of doors.
I don't really know much about pirates, or pirate culture. I'd be a contrarian pirate.
Buddha, much like everyone else has good and bad days.
I thought they may have presumed too much knowledge of certain things for people who are not comedians. Like Montreal. A comic understands what it is and its importance, but someone else may not know about it.
I liked the koala, wallaby, and I chilled with a kangaroo a bit. There was a wombat that I quite enjoyed also.
I got access to a private tour of the zoo. I got to go in a cage with a koala, which I highly recommend.
I am the the type to have a personal experience with a celebrity, but I'm too classy to bring that up.
I would call it a comedy variety show. We have some people just doing straight standup. We usually try to have one musical act of sort. So its just people being funny in different ways, not just sketch, not just standup, not just characters, all of those things.
People don't understand that that's really what it is. They're looking for a magic phone number or something. And to a certain extent, I understand that, because comedy is treated so much as a stepping stone by a lot of people.
And the goal really is to make the audience laugh, to bring them some joy.
I basically did comedy there for about a year, and then moved to New York. If I had it to do over again, I would have booked myself on the road for at least a year.
I don't feel I'm even worthy of a normal amount of value.
I guess there seems to be clubs opening up again, which is strange.
I had some friends that tried it down there, and I went to a couple of open mics, and I just kind of got this... this sick urge to try it instead of just watching it.
I love chicken. I would eat chicken fingers on Thanksgiving if it were socially acceptable.
I mean, I guess I realized subconsciously that this is what I should be doing before I realized it, consciously. Verbally, I don't think I had committed to it, even though I was driving everywhere, every night, just trying to get on stage.
I mean, I guess I started during the comedy boom, so it was literally like, on Sunday you could decide you wanted to be a comic, and on Monday, you could be on stage.
I mean, I've always had scattered interests, but I never went on stage to get an agent or anything like that.
I mean, I've had bartenders and waiters and waitresses make a comment about a joke of mine, like pointing out some sort of logic error or something that I've never even thought about, and they're right.
I used to write things out beforehand. But sometimes it backfires.
I want to release another CD this year, finish writing a screenplay, and make another short film.
I was probably just trying to be Dennis Miller, but without the vocabulary to actually be Dennis Miller. I guess I was just less interesting than I am now, if I am interesting at all.
I wasn't as nervous as I thought I would be when I started.
I'd rather send out a mass email then hang posters all over the place.
If I'm at a party and someone puts on a Blues Brothers tape, I tend to go nuts.
If you see me at a restaurant, blow me a kiss, wave, blow me another kiss, then walk five steps backward.
