British,Comedian
Why does everyone think the future is space helmets, silver foil, and talking like computers, like a bad episode of Star Trek?
I just want to do good work.
As you get older, you realize it's work. It's that fine line between love and companionship. But passionate love? I'd love to know how to make that last.
It's like a woman's birthright to knit. It's primal. It's timeless. You don't need electricity to knit. You can do it with a candle, girls!
I loved the late Gilda Radner. I love Carol Burnett and Lily Tomlin.
As I get older, I just prefer to knit.
Every character I do is based on someone I know.
I don't get very involved in the L.A. scene. When you do get invited out, you are expected to be on all the time. It's just wearying.
I hate clowns.
I hope I never get so hard up I have to do advertisements. I've gotten ridiculous offers.
I like going to France, because no one knows who I am.
I like infomercials.
I love John Waters. There's stuff in it that's beyond the boundaries of my taste, but his movies have always been like that.
I never wanted to do political satire because it seems too surface to me.
I think serial monogamy says it all.
I used to dress up and impersonate our next-door neighbor, Miss Cox. She wore rubber boots, a wool hat, and her nose always dripped.
I wish I could believe that one person could make a difference.
I worked with Paul McCartney for a while and saw what it does to you to be treated like a god for twenty years.
I'm as famous as I want to be.
I'm not a crazy, party-going sort of person.
I'm still that little girl who lisped and sat in the back of the car and threw vegetables at the back of her head when we drove home from the market. That never goes.
I'm usually put off by performers when they get political.
I've never looked ahead very much in my life. I've never had any grand plan from the outset. I had no burning ambition to do what I do.
It makes you more open, it gives you perspective, having a child.
It's funny - if you impersonate somebody, they have no idea it's them.
It's sometimes shocking to find out what people really believe in.
