American,Comedian
I've accepted that we've all got crap to deal with and problems that we're fighting not to be defined by. At the end of the day, we all want the same stuff: fulfillment, love, support, comfort, and a hot-air balloon with laser guns attached to it. The most important thing is that we appreciate the crazy ride we're on.
Spontaneity is what travel is all about.
I'm down for adventure and up for anything.
Religion is something we don't talk about, and it is used by uneducated people as a weapon to divide us as opposed to connect with each other.
For me, cerebral palsy wasn't the biggest deal, because I always had it. You know, you always work with what you got.
Humour allows people to exhale a little.
The only two characters I can play convincingly are myself and a dumber and sweeter version of myself.
My best advice to anybody who has a child with a disability is to really find the tools for that person to thrive and find what their true passions are, because the rest will follow.
My parents instilled in me a sense of self that I was more than just a diagnosis or a condition.
People tend to treat people with disabilities sort of like they're aliens from another planet. It doesn't come from a bad place; it comes from a place of, 'I have no idea what this disability entails, and I don't want to offend anyone or make them feel awful.'
I want to make sure that people know that I can only be myself - I can't be a spokesperson for people with disabilities, because everybody has a completely different experience. I'm glad that I'm able to inspire parents to see one way to deal with it, but at the same time, I tell a lot of dirty jokes.
Even the most embarrassing mishap can be spun into comedic gold.
There's no denying it: I was a crappy baby who failed his way into this world, and I've been making the best of it ever since.
Over the years, I've learned that a sense of humor is the only skill that allows you to turn sucking at life into a career.
Over the years, I learned that in my career, unlike in life, sometimes my wheelchair is its own automatic door opener. I was able to win the OWN competition by applying one simple principle: be funny, and admit you suck before anyone else can call you out on it. In other words, make the narrative of your failure a comedy.
New Yorkers - the people are so honest. If you're sucking on stage, they'll let you know.
My childhood was great because my family has an amazing sense of humor, and it was just all making videos and jokes and doing skits and things.
I was basically the person at Disney World that was in charge of clearing the park when it was closed... I was the guy... telling them to 'get the hell out and have a magical day.'
When I get real excited, my muscles go into spasm, so they just shake.
I'd wanted to be famous for as long as I could remember.
When I was five years old, I auditioned for the role of 'Tiny Tim in A Christmas Carol.'
The Internet is crazy, and I love it!
This country is pretty amazing.
Most people are really dedicated to doing good things.
My stance has always been that my issue compared to everything else going on in the world is really, really small. Once you realize that, you can get a lot more out of being a part of the solution.
I've been a comedian, hosted travel shows, explored world religions, started improv troupes, given keynote speeches at conferences around the country, and had a milk shake named after me called the Handicappuccino.
