Hungarian,Inventor
The Cube can seem alive as it heats up in your hand. The fact that each face of the Cube is made of three layers of three blocks has an important meaning.
I was somewhat out of place among my classmates; I could not be as bohemian as they were.
A good puzzle, it's a fair thing. Nobody is lying. It's very clear, and the problem depends just on you.
The Cube is an imitation of life itself - or even an improvement on life.
It was tremendously satisfying to watch this color parade.
We turn the Cube and it twists us.
Our whole life is solving puzzles.
Once I completed the Cube and demonstrated it to my students, I realized it was nearly impossible to put down.
Like after a nice walk when you have seen many lovely sights you decide to go home, after a while I decided it was time to go home, let us put the cubes back in order. And it was at that moment that I came face to face with the Big Challenge: What is the way home?
I did not plan to make the Cube.
Now, after the Cube, I still don't have any plans to make anything like it.
I've always been passionate about geometry and the study of three-dimensional forms.
I wanted nothing else than to make the object as perfect as possible.
This was such an extraordinary situation that I simply could not accept it.
Yes, but with the Cube there are many flashes, there are many aha's.
The problems of puzzles are very near the problems of life.
I do not truly consider myself an icon, but the Cube has been quite successful.
In my teaching, I enjoyed creating models to clearly communicate my thoughts.
But thanks to my invention, my capitalist friends and I were able to bring the government to its knees.
And, not only in Budapest. I worked very closely with a very powerful government organization, which shall remain unidentified, to develop the mass marketed version of the Cube.
Usually we are saying only part of the truth.
But for me, it was a code I myself had invented! Yet I could not read it.
I want to try to keep my life the same.
I'm still the same person, thinking the same way, so it's possible I will invent something.
