American,Inventor
Our technology, our machines, is part of our humanity. We created them to extend ourselves, and that is what is unique about human beings.
A successful person isn't necessarily better than her less successful peers at solving problems; her pattern-recognition facilities have just learned what problems are worth solving.
By 2029, computers will have emotional intelligence and be convincing as people.
Our intuition about the future is linear. But the reality of information technology is exponential, and that makes a profound difference. If I take 30 steps linearly, I get to 30. If I take 30 steps exponentially, I get to a billion.
By the time we get to the 2040s, we'll be able to multiply human intelligence a billionfold. That will be a profound change that's singular in nature. Computers are going to keep getting smaller and smaller. Ultimately, they will go inside our bodies and brains and make us healthier, make us smarter.
A lot of movies about artificial intelligence envision that AI's will be very intelligent but missing some key emotional qualities of humans and therefore turn out to be very dangerous.
Artificial intelligence will reach human levels by around 2029. Follow that out further to, say, 2045, we will have multiplied the intelligence, the human biological machine intelligence of our civilization a billion-fold.
I'm an inventor. I became interested in long-term trends because an invention has to make sense in the world in which it is finished, not the world in which it is started.
No matter what problem you encounter, whether it's a grand challenge for humanity or a personal problem of your own, there's an idea out there that can overcome it. And you can find that idea.
What we spend our time on is probably the most important decision we make.
Death gives meaning to our lives. It gives importance and value to time. Time would become meaningless if there were too much of it.
If we look at the life cycle of technologies, we see an early period of over-enthusiasm, then a 'bust' when disillusionment sets in, followed by the real revolution.
Biology is a software process. Our bodies are made up of trillions of cells, each governed by this process. You and I are walking around with outdated software running in our bodies, which evolved in a very different era.
Supercomputers will achieve one human brain capacity by 2010, and personal computers will do so by about 2020.
Sometimes people talk about conflict between humans and machines, and you can see that in a lot of science fiction. But the machines we're creating are not some invasion from Mars. We create these tools to expand our own reach.
I think we are evolving rapidly into one world culture. It's certainly one world economy. With billions of people online, I think we'll appreciate the wisdom in many different traditions as we learn more about them. People were very isolated and didn't know anything about other religions 100 years ago.
We appear to be programmed with the idea that there are 'things' outside of our self, and some are conscious, and some are not.
My mission at Google is to develop natural language understanding with a team and in collaboration with other researchers at Google.
Information defines your personality, your memories, your skills.
I do have to pick my priorities. Nobody can do everything.
The telephone is virtual reality in that you can meet with someone as if you are together, at least for the auditory sense.
Science fiction is the great opportunity to speculate on what could happen. It does give me, as a futurist, scenarios.
As order exponentially increases, time exponentially speeds up.
When you talk to a human in 2035, you'll be talking to someone that's a combination of biological and non-biological intelligence.
If you write a blog post, you've got something to say; you're not just creating words and synonyms. We'd like the computers to actually pick up on that semantic meaning.
Doing real world projects is, I think, the best way to learn and also to engage the world and find out what the world is all about.
