Israeli,Soldier
Freedom is the oxygen of the soul.
Jewish villages were built in the place of Arab villages. You do not even know the names of these Arab villages, and I do not blame you because geography books no longer exist.
There is not one single place built in this country that did not have a former Arab population.
Our American friends offer us money, arms, and advice. We take the money, we take the arms, and we decline the advice.
If you want to make peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies.
It's a democracy and if I am outvoted, I have to accept the majority decisions.
I have traveled a long road from the battlefield to the peace table.
I have only one eye. Do you want me to look at the road or the at the speedometer.
We are a generation of settlers, and without the steel helmet and gun barrel, we shall not be able to plant a tree or build a house.
Who needs such a long intestine, anyway?
We could not guard every water pipeline from being blown up and every tree from being uprooted. We could not prevent every murder of a worker in an orchard or a family in their beds.
We are a small nation, but strong.
Soldiers of Israel, we have no aims of conquest. Our purpose is to bring to naught the attempts of the Arab armies to conquer our land.
I have the strength to endure it all.
We should demand his blood not from the Arabs of Gaza but from ourselves. Let us make our reckoning today.
To aim and hit, you need one eye only, and one good finger.
There is no more Palestine. Finished.
The Old City of Jerusalem is in our hands.
The method of collective punishment so far has proved effective.
The Jews have opened fire, and they are unready to begin a war.
Most important, don't do anything you don't want.
Let us not be afraid to see the hatred that consumes the lives of hundreds of thousands of Arabs who sit around us and wait for the moment when their hands will be able to reach our blood.
It was in our power to set high price for our blood, a price too high for the Arab community, the Arab army, or the Arab governments to think it worth paying.
It was in our power to cause the Arab governments to renounce the policy of strength toward Israel by turning it into a demonstration of weakness.
It isn't a secret that my heart is damaged. All the treatments and medications haven't been effective.
Israel cannot afford to stand against the entire world and be denounced as the aggressor.
