Brazilian,Celebrity
I have no idols. I admire work, dedication and competence.
And so you touch this limit, something happens and you suddenly can go a little bit further. With your mind power, your determination, your instinct, and the experience as well, you can fly very high.
Racing, competing, it's in my blood. It's part of me, it's part of my life; I have been doing it all my life and it stands out above everything else.
When you are fitted in a racing car and you race to win, second or third place is not enough.
Wealthy men can't live in an island that is encircled by poverty. We all breathe the same air. We must give a chance to everyone, at least a basic chance.
You must take the compromise to win, or else nothing. That means: you race or you do not.
Being second is to be the first of the ones who lose.
And suddenly I realised that I was no longer driving the car consciously. I was driving it by a kind of instinct, only I was in a different dimension.
You will never know the feeling of a driver when winning a race. The helmet hides feelings that cannot be understood.
These things bring you to reality as to how fragile you are; at the same moment you are doing something that nobody else is able to do. The same moment that you are seen as the best, the fastest and somebody that cannot be touched, you are enormously fragile.
I am not designed to come second or third. I am designed to win.
Because I believe in God and have faith in God, it doesn't mean I am immortal. It doesn't mean I am immune, as has been claimed. I am as scared as anyone of getting hurt, especially driving a Formula One car.
If you have God on your side, everything becomes clear.
I don't know driving in another way which isn't risky. Each one has to improve himself. Each driver has its limit. My limit is a little bit further than other's.
Women - always in trouble with them, but can't live without them.
It was like I was in a tunnel. Not only the tunnel under the hotel but the whole circuit was a tunnel. I was just going and going, more and more and more and more. I was way over the limit but still able to find even more.
The danger sensation is exciting. The challenge is to find new dangers.
Winning is the most important. Everything is consequence of that.
There are no small accidents on this circuit.
My biggest error? Something that is to happen yet.
It's going to be a season with lots of accidents, and I'll risk saying that we'll be lucky if something really serious doesn't happen.
On a given day, a given circumstance, you think you have a limit.
Because in a split second, it's gone.
I continuously go further and further learning about my own limitations, my body limitation, psychological limitations. It's a way of life for me.
Money is a strange business. People who haven't got it aim it strongly. People who have are full of troubles.
Then suddenly something just kicked me. I kind of woke up and realised that I was in a different atmosphere than you normally are. My immediate reaction was to back off, slow down.
