American,Celebrity
Hypocrisy is the mother of all evil and racial prejudice is still her favourite child.
You can't rule the world, but what you can do is win the world with love and understanding.
You can be the greatest guy in the world but if you ain't got no heart, you ain't gonna survive.
My career is one of people involvement. I'm a promoter of the people, by the people, for the people. My magic lies, my people ties, this is what I want to do. I'm in it to win, I cant give in, I can't give up and I cant quit. Victory is mine. Working together works.
Muhammad Ali - he was a magnificent fighter and he was an icon... Every head must bow, every knee must bend, every tongue must confess, thou art the greatest, the greatest of all time, Muhammad, Muhammad Ali.
Reality show? You can't find anything better than boxing because of the trials and errors, the ups and downs, the struggle when you get knocked down to get back up. Use it symbolically and interchangeably for life.
You go for the quality of the performance, not the longevity of it.
My hair is God's aura. Everything went up when I got home from the penitentiary. One night I went to lie down next to my wife, and my hair started popping and uncurling all on its own - ping, ping, ping, ping! I knew that it was God telling me to stay on the righteous path so he could one day pull me up to be there with him.
I don't promote boxing, I promote people. Boxing is a catalyst to bring people together.
I transcend earthly bounds. I never cease to amaze myself because I haven't yet found my limits. I am quite ready to accept the limits of what I can do, but every time I feel that way - boom! - God touches me and I do something that's even more stupendous than whatever I've done up to then.
I will fight for America until the day I drop.
Martin Luther King took us to the mountain top: I want to take us to the bank.
All of my fighters should get down on their knees and thank me for what I've done for them.
I'm a promoter of the people for the people and by the people and my magic lies in my people ties. I'm a promoter of America. I'm American people. You know what I mean? So therefore, uh, do not send for who the bell tolls 'cause the bell tolls for thee.
Only in America can a Barack Obama happen. Only in America can a Don King happen.
I would never know how good I was if I didn't have Bob Arum. Bob Arum is white, Jewish; He was working for prosecutor's office. I'm black, an ex-convict, ex-number runner. Who would be most likely to succeed? It would be Bob 100-1. Yet I beat Bob on everything we ever done, with love.
James Brown died owing me $50,000. But I loved James Brown.
If a bullfrog had wings it wouldn't bump his behind every time he hopped.
He worked for the day when all people would be clothed in dignity.
It ain't about if he knocks a guy out. It's about how he knocks a guy out. It's the style, the improvisation.
Mike Tyson has been given every penny he has coming.
If you cast your bread upon the water and you have faith, you'll get back cash. If you don't have faith, you'll get soggy bread.
Machiavelli taught me it was better to be feared than loved. Because if you are loved they sense you might be weak. I am a man of the people and help them but it is important to do so through strength.
Mike Tyson was one of the most terrific athletes I've ever met.
I'm an ardent American Football fan.
There's nothing I love more in life than turning around a bigot.
