Celebrity
Chess helps you to concentrate, improve your logic. It teaches you to play by the rules and take responsibility for your actions, how to problem solve in an uncertain environment.
I think our chances are not looking great today but the only way to fail for me is just not to try.
Chess is mental torture.
Women, by their nature, are not exceptional chess players: they are not great fighters.
There are many facts showing that Putin's people enriched themselves by using power mechanisms so that's why for them losing power means losing their fortunes.
I have some strategical vision, I could calculate some few moves ahead and I have an intellect that is badly missed in the country which is run by generals and colonels.
You cannot say, 'Go! Go! Rah! Rah! Good move!' People want some emotion. Chess is an art and not a spectator sport.
There are many ways of showing your protest and discontent without the actions of Kremlin.
It's quite difficult for me to imagine my life without chess.
If you make a decision to fight for future of your own country you have to consider all the consequences.
I started playing chess when I was five years old. I learned the moves from my mother, then worked with my father - and later trainers. My style became very technical. I sacrificed a lot of things. I was always hunting for the king, for the mate. I'd forget about my other pieces.
I organize a chess festival in Hungary. I support chess in schools, and I have my own chess foundation. And I started writing books.
More and more people in my country recognise the dangers of having their governors appointed by Putin and having no influence in parliament because Parliament today is also following instructions from Kremlin and no longer represents its people.
I learned that fighting on the chess board could also have an impact on the political climate in the country.
I have great energy and I have great tasks ahead of me.
I think we have very steady records of President Putin, who inherited the country with democratic values.
Putin can't afford to leave the office because he will be in real danger of being prosecuted for things he and his people did during their stay in power.
The only successor to President Putin is President Putin himself and we could of course dream about President Putin stepping down voluntarily and picking out successor which would be probably as bad as him.
I've met enough KGB colonels in my life.
I think that it's a vital moment now for Russian democracy to convince people that it's only our actions, our joined actions and protests that could force Kremlin to reconsider its plans to abolish presidential elections.
I have some security that could protect me against provocations but of course there are more terrible actions that could not be stopped by any security.
I wouldn't overestimate the importance of my popularity in the country and abroad but at the end of the day it's not as important because I believe that my presence here could make some difference and it could encourage people.
Russian Parliament today is a bunch of puppets that just fall in with the instructions from Kremlin.
The real political life in Russia unfortunately is not in the parliament but on the streets and in the media.
I think Russians today have a distorted picture of capitalism, liberal democracy and market economy.
Ukraine had quite serious impact on the many Russians. They could see that ordinary people in Ukraine which is a bordering state, very close to Russia, the people of this state are, they didn't want to tolerate anymore the power abuse by Ukrainian officials.
