Celebrity
Who wants those gleaming white cosmetically enhanced American teeth?
When I was about 12 and first started wearing lipstick, my dad would ask, 'Are you wearing makeup?' I would say back, 'You're wearing more makeup there than I am!'
Modeling is always something I've really admired because I've seen my mum and sister do it.
I think all the stuff that happens before the pictures are taken is much more exciting.
I think music influences fashion and has done so for generations.
Music creates a certain mood and then people dress accordingly. I think it's all quite closely intertwined.
My mum is actually really wholesome.
Even when my parents were together, they both had to travel and work, and it wasn't like they had nine-to-five jobs. In that way, it wasn't a normal family life.
My dad's not a very intimidating father figure.
I'm quite dyslexic in school.
I wouldn't even have braces on my teeth. I think they are horrible and this idea that everyone should conform and be perfect is ridiculous.
I want to be an entrepreneur too; I like the business side of things. When I was younger I wanted to be a vet or a tightrope walker. But I have no sense of balance and I can't bear animals dying, so I abandoned both ideas.
Reality TV rots people's brains.
I used to have a pony but I outgrew it and I do dream that one day I will live in the country and have lots of horses and be like a proper English lady who goes hunting and everything.
My parents never really lecture me.
My dad let me figure out what I wanted to do on my own.
My dad has more sparkly stuff than most men.
My dad's supportive of all my endeavors.
I still think of my mum as being kind of a dork - a cooler one, but still a dork.
I like the fact that I have good old-fashioned British teeth with a big gap.
I like to do a face steam, so, heat up a flannel, press it onto your face and then press a cold one on afterwards to close the pores. It's inexpensive!
I have to exfoliate my lips as they're quite a large surface area and sometimes when I wear lipstick, it goes all cakey. So I mix brown sugar with lip balm and just scrub it onto them.
I do have bad hair days. If I fall asleep with it slightly damp, I wake up and it'll all be piled up on top in a mess.
Fake tan is really difficult to get right. When I was younger, I'd always do it wrong. I'd leave it on and forget to wash it off. So I embrace being pale. I like getting a tan, but I also think that if you're going to do it, it has to be gradual. I just work the pale thing now.
I really never thought about the way I looked until boys came into the picture.
I think when your parents are as rebellious as mine were, it's difficult to top them. So what's the point?
