Czechoslovakian,Celebrity
Gorgeous hair is the best revenge.
Looking good is the best revenge.
One should never live with regrets or with 'what if.' I've loved the good times, and I have learned from the bad. All in all, it's been a pretty fabulous life for me.
As you get older, your tastes get simpler. I like a sleek evening dress with a pair of big earrings. That's all.
I always felt very secure and very safe with real estate. Real estate always appreciates.
For many years I enjoyed the pleasure of cruising on my yacht all summer long and these were my best holidays. In mid-May, we'd start in St Tropez. I'd collect my bikinis from my home there and then we'd go up to Cannes for the Film Festival, on to Monte Carlo for the Grand Prix and then to Italy.
In business, you have to be strong. If you are weak, people are going to take advantage.
I have good legs, and why to hide them?
Generally, I think America is America. America has been through suffering like other countries, but America will come up. I have no doubt. It's just going to bounce. You know, you have ups and downs.
I made a tremendous amount of money on real estate. I'll take real estate rather than go to Wall Street and get 2.8 percent. Forget about it.
I believe that two people can meet and enrich each other's lives. I'd say that about my parents. But I think it is harder and harder to commit to only one person in a lifetime.
Don't get mad. Get everything!
I want great food and wine, and friends to enjoy it all.
I feel young at heart, and I feel, like, you know, 40.
Life is life, so try to enjoy it. You only have one life.
I'm a single parent, a working mother, an executive, and an author. My greatest accomplishment will be to raise three wonderful children.
When I was doing poorly at school, my father yanked me out and got me a job in a shoe factory. After three weeks, I begged him to give me another chance at doing well in school. I learned that discipline is necessary to accomplish anything in life.
Fiction writing is great. You can make up almost anything.
I make money because I have to pay for everything apart from my school fees. My mother even makes me pay my own telephone bill.
I tell you, if I'm going to go through a divorce, I would date again a younger man. Because I have so much energy, there's no way an older man can keep up with me.
I wear black all the time.
There's nothing my housekeeper does that I can't do - and maybe better!
You have to have the common sense.
For example, if I make money, I put it in real estate. I always did very well. Location, location, location.
In Positano, I like the San Pietro Hotel, which is run by a friend whose family has owned the hotel for more than 100 years.
Travelling so much, sometimes my luggage goes astray. But I can get the right stuff sent to me overnight by a special shipper. No big deal.
