American,Celebrity
People will always consider me a cartoon character, a bimbo. They will never give me credit.
They did is sent me down Clearwater, Florida, and they said to me, Jessica, I need you to make Jim Bakker feel better.
Jim Bakker ripped off the bedspread and said, my wife doesn't make me feel like a man anymore.
Jim Bakker came along. He said, Jessica Hahn, listen. You're a virgin. As God as my witness. He said, We need a girl that we can trust.
I admire people who just do the right thing, not looking to screw people up. I love all people.
I believe in God, because he is the only thing that kept me going. He's my best friend.
Your mind is like, oh my God, I know this is wrong, but your body just gives in.
What bothers me is that Jim Bakker lies. Jim Bakker knows for a fact that I was virgin.
The scandal happened and I made the best of it. I kind of feel like in the end it was a blessing.
Tammy Faye, I really like the woman. I wanted to be her kid.
Tammy Faye, I pray for every day. I really liked her. I wanted to be in their family.
Tammy Faye said, I am so happy that Jessica Hahn is so ugly, because now I don't feel so bad.
Once Playboy came to me, all the preachers ran. I needed to pose in Playboy to make money.
Once my mom passed away, I have nobody to answer to. It's great.
Nobody would hire me for TV, not that they should.
My first quote was, I don't want to hurt God's people. Jim Bakker's quote was, I was set up by a female.
Michael Jackson asked me to sign a Playboy. I was more than happy to.
Many times, people attack the well-to-do people. They see an opportunity.
Jim Bakker is an extremely talented preacher, if he would just get it together.
If only Tammy knew how much I really cared about her. She has nothing to do with any of this mess.
If he wants to blow his head off, let him. I don't give a damn about Jim Bakker.
I've done a lot of acting. I'm not saying I'm the greatest, but I'd love to act, I'd love to sing.
I'm a victim of maybe circumstances, but look at how it worked out.
I'd definitely pose nude again. No qualms. I actually had my breasts done again. Just updated, like new tires.
I was green. All I knew was to walk my dog and go to church.
I was actually very ugly. I was ugly. I felt very insecure.
