American,Celebrity
You can say Pizza Hut is terrible pizza, but they also sell more pizzas than anybody else.
There's no debate about the greenhouse effect, just like there's no debate about gravity. If someone throws a piano off the roof, I don't care what Sarah Palin tells you, get out of the way because it's coming down on your head.
No matter what Sarah Palin and these geniuses she surrounds herself with try to tell you, climate change is not a liberal versus conservative thing, but the people who profit from ignoring it want you to believe it is.
I'm a creative consultant, whatever that means.
I don't really need to be dirty to be funny.
On Letterman and Leno, it always bothers me when they go outside the studio and it's daytime.
Real emotion is good - or doing a good job of faking real emotion.
I have had a lot of experience in broadcasting.
If I have one criticism of the other late-night shows, it's that they're almost entirely scripted.
At the Emmys, you've got a bunch of people who are used to being on TV on TV. You don't have that at the Oscars. At the Oscars, you have people who are used to having 40 takes.
I'm always looking to the next thing. There are always hurdles, whether it's the White House dinner or hosting charity events or that night's show: Until they're over, I worry, then I move right on to the next thing. It's hard for me to enjoy the moment. I'm just thinking about not failing.
I go to Costco every weekend. It's my favorite part of the week.
The truth is, we have this idea that late night is about creativity and being cool, but that's not our job. Our job is to get as many people watching the commercials in between our show. That's the reality of it.
It's funny how all of this has worked out - I wasn't popular in high school, but now every drunken guy in the United States wants to be my pal. They all want to buy me a shot, and pretty soon I'm throwing up.
If you want to do a talk show on network television, you're probably going to wind up having a desk and a band, wearing a suit, and having a sidekick. Audiences want to feel comfortable.
I'm a terrible golfer.
Almost every week, someone's mad at me.
I only get unusual ailments.
I have like fifteen televisions in my house.
There's an air of mystery around the Masons, but the reality is that they're mostly a bunch of veterans getting drunk in a lodge that they've built to look like a temple. It's just a bunch of guys trying to get away from their wives.
That's my main flaw: I always think authority figures or my boss is going to think something I do is funny. And usually they don't.
My aunt and uncle are clearly civilians.
I can't be as flip as I once was.
I know there are, like, 12 rules for late night: a desk, a band. Will people take me seriously if I don't wear a tie?
You don't need to exorcise your personal demons onstage.
No matter who it is, I hate to see people losing their jobs. I really do.
