American,Celebrity
I don't believe there's two sides to every story. It's black and white. There's right and wrong.
In 1939, Germany established gun control. From 1939 to 1945, six million Jews and seven million others unable to defend themselves were exterminated.
Yes, I have a website that puts out conservative news. Yes, I am part owner of a gun company. Yes, I'm a Republican who was cast into the limelight for having the temerity to confront Barack Obama on the question of redistributing wealth... But I'm a working man, and I'm working.
Since I became part of the zeitgeist, I've been called a sellout many times.
When you hire a plumber because no hot water is coming out of the kitchen sink faucet, you need to go to the water heater, not the faucet.
I'm kind of like Britney Spears having a headache. Everybody wants to know about it.
In 1911, Turkey established gun control. From 1915 to 1917, 1.5 million Armenians, unable to defend themselves, were exterminated.
Obama likes to quote great men but will never be a great man himself. I can't stand it when our leader goes around apologizing for who we are.
If I can inspire some leaders, that would be great. I don't know if I want to be a leader.
The politicians in Washington are spending trillions of dollars of our money. When are Americans going to stand up and say enough is enough?
In order to work for Chrysler, you are required to join the union, in this case UAW. There's no choice - it's a union shop - the employees voted to have it that way, and in America, that's the way it is.
I've always found a way to make my way, and now I've had the fortune of being hired by a great company - Chrysler Corporation - one of the original Big Three.
Private unions, such as the UAW, is a choice between employees and employers. If that is what they want, then who am I to say you can't have it?
I have lived in Toledo, Ohio, off and on throughout my entire life, and I have plenty of friends who are union members. Sometimes we agree politically and sometimes not, but it has never kept us from being friends.
I have a zero-tolerance policy when it comes to bullies.
If a kid is being bullied at school, my advice to them is to punch the bully in the face. The government can create as many boards, commissions, and informational sessions on sensitivity that it wants. The fact is, we still have bullies, and we still have victims who are trained not to stand up for themselves.
Not all Republicans are rich, dress in three-piece suits, and have $200 haircuts. I'm somebody who's lived from paycheck to paycheck. I'm focusing on my blue-collar roots - I've worked side by side with union people.
Learn the Constitution. Then when someone wants to be elected, hold their feet to the fire and make them follow it because that's what we need to get back to. It works so well when we follow it.
I'm cynical by nature, but I am also very hopeful because I see people from the Left and the Right showing up to these tea parties. You have people, bikers, union members and guys in three-piece suits showing up to these things.
I just know whenever I fall off His path, things get really hard. So I just stick with what God tells me to do.
I'm a flash in the pan: a novelty.
The media's worried about whether I've paid my taxes; they're worried about any number of silly things that have nothing to do with America.
I am a plumber. Just a plumber.
When you can't ask a question of your leaders anymore, that gets scary.
There is common ground we can look towards and hopefully make this country better for all of us. That is what Joe for America means. I want more jobs. I want veterans to have better benefits and not have them taken away. I want people to succeed in this country and have the tools to do so.
Ever since Obama's election team and media thugs made me famous for asking a simple question in 2008, I've had more than my share of death threats by people who are by definition at least a little crazy.
