American,Celebrity
At the end of the day, life is about being happy being who you are, and I feel like we are so blessed to have the support system and the best family to really just support each other no matter what we're going through.
Having lots of siblings is like having built-in best friends.
If I don't feel confident about my body, I'm not going to sit at home and feel sorry for myself and not do something about it. It's all about taking action and not being lazy. So you do the work, whether it's fitness or whatever. It's about getting up, motivating yourself and just doing it.
When there's so many haters and negative things, I really don't care.
It's fun to have a partner who understands your life and lets you be you.
I love when people underestimate me and then become pleasantly surprised.
I promote a healthy lifestyle.
I'm a really nostalgic person. I love taking photos and video and having memories. I remember all my childhood videos that my dad used to take. I think that's really what life is about - especially when you start a family of your own.
I love to eat - Kit Kats or cookies-and-cream ice cream. I need sugar like five times a day.
I'm an entrepreneur. 'Ambitious' is my middle name.
Maybe my fairy tale has a different ending than I dreamed it would. But that's OK.
People don't understand the pressure on me to look perfect.
I didn't love school.
You make mistakes, but I don't have any regrets. I'm the kind of person who takes responsibility for it and deals with it. I learn from everything I do. I work very hard, I have so many things going on in my life. Get to know me and see who I am.
The perfect date for me would be staying at home, making a big picnic in bed, eating Wotsits and cookies while watching cable TV.
There's more pressure to be famous for being yourself than if you're being a character.
My decision to end my marriage was such a risk to lose ratings and lose my fan base. I had to take that risk for my inner peace and to be happy with myself.
I play into the perception of me, but it's not really me.
Holidays are the best. I couldn't imagine being from a small family.
I get letters from little girls begging me to adopt them.
I don't even drink! I can't stand the taste of alcohol. Every New Year's Eve I try one drink and every time it makes me feel sick. So I don't touch booze - I'm always the designated driver.
I love meeting new people and telling them about my stories and my projects that I am working on.
Personally, I've always loved the curvy look.
Obviously, as you grow up, no one's ever 100 percent proud of every decision that they've made, and that's OK. I think as long as you learn from your mistakes and don't make them over and over again, you're on the right path.
If I look at the message I'm portraying, I think it definitely is be who you are, but be your best you.
I think I'll always be a hopeless romantic.
I'm the true definition of a workaholic.
I love the sun but don't have the time to get a good tan and keep it year-round, so I am a huge fan of tanning products.
Botox to me is not surgery.
I am Armenian, so of course I am obsessed with laser hair removal! Arms, bikini, legs, underarms... my entire body is hairless.
I am pretty honest about a lot of things that young girls question, like their body image.
I'm a little more shy and not comfortable dancing in front of a large crowd.
I remember when the wave of Jennifer Lopez, Salma Hayek and these beautiful Hispanic women came into light, and I looked up to them and I loved them, but I was like, 'Where are Middle Eastern women?'
I'm not trying to influence anyone else; I'm not saying, 'Do what I do.' I think it's a little pretentious to say, 'I'm a role model'; I would never say that, and I don't think of myself that way.
When I turned 16, my dad made me sign a contract - he made us sign contracts for everything - that if I hit my car, I would be responsible for paying for it. I was in bumper-to-bumper traffic, and I tapped someone. It was so not a big deal, but I had to pay for it.
White is actually one of my favorite colors. I have a white car. I love white.
I'm totally growing up.
I would absolutely characterize myself as ambitious.
I will always believe in love, but my idea has changed from what I've always thought.
I am really cautious about what I say and do.
I think if I'm 40 and I don't have any kids and I'm not married, I would have a baby artificially inseminated. I would feel like Mary - like Jesus is my baby.
You never know what the future holds or where my life will take me.
My mom and I had the same vision, and we want the same things. We would always make a goal list every year.
Maybe I'll just be a good aunt.
There was at time in my life where all I wanted was a relationship, and I thought that was the most important thing.
I have a hit TV show.
I feel lazy when I'm not working. I learned all my business sense from my dad. He always believed in me, and I think the last thing he said to me before he passed away was, 'I know you're gonna be OK. I'm not worried about you'.
I have to be in a relationship in order to be intimate. I'm not the one-night-stand kind of girl. Despite the rumors.
I urge people to learn from the mistakes of others. Please drink responsibly and it's never acceptable to drink and drive!
I was raised with a huge Armenian influence, always hearing stories of Armenia, celebrating Armenian holidays.
I do rely on having a full face on.
I have sister issues and parent issues and all sorts of things.
I am hands-on in any project that I am associated with. I just don't want to put my face or name and lend it to a product that I'm not behind a hundred percent.
I've always been a businesswoman.
People are recognizing that I am an entrepreneur and do more than be on a reality TV show.
I wanted to be a teacher.
There are always going to be ridiculous rumours.
My mother has always been the social glue holding the family together.
I'm constantly on the go.
First and foremost, I married for love.
I learned how to cook and do a lot of marital things.
I know some people say it's not the best to work with your family, but I have never understood that because it's always worked so well for me.
I have cellulite, just like almost every other woman on the planet.
When I gain a pound it's in the headlines.
I definitely think anything I'd be in now is a permanent relationship.
I really see myself continuing to design clothes, fragrances.
Everything family does is reflection on the other people.
I can't dwell.
To look and feel my best, I watch my calories and exercise.
I went to college for four years.
I don't talk about money.
My reality is never going to be stick-skinny.
I always say you shouldn't weigh yourself. I don't even have a set of scales in my house.
Me and my sisters all have such different body types.
I feel like I'm at a really happy, good space.
I don't really have goals as far as, I want to be on a cover or something like that.
I think each shoot has a different personality.
You can't really have like high end designers for everything.
I used to be super trendy and totally sexy. But I look back now and I used to want everything short and low cut and you really can't do it all.
I would rather have been beaten up in the media than live a life that wasn't happy.
I always wanted what Mom and Dad had.
Why is it when you're dieting, you crave everything?
If I feel something, it's how I feel. I never say, 'I feel this way, so you should feel that way.' Not that there's anything wrong with it, but I just am who I am. But, yeah. I think you would call me a feminist.
I used to enjoy the spotlight. If I had a day off from filming, I didn't know what to do. Now I enjoy my family time so much, there is this sense of, if it all went away, and I was just a mom, I would love my life.
Meeting people at my fertility doctor's office who are going through the same things I'm going through, I thought, 'Why not share my story?' It's been really emotional.
The first time I was pregnant, Kanye and I were dating, and I was just being introduced to the world of fashion. I wanted to work with a bunch of different stylists, and when you work with a new stylist, everyone wants to possess your look.
