American,Celebrity
Being alone & actually sitting with our own thoughts can lead to such growth and realizations that are rare in our everyday busy lives.
Motherhood has most definitely changed me and my life. It's so crazy how drastic even the small details change - in such an amazing way. Even silly things, like the fact that all of my pictures on my cell phone used to be of me at photo shoots - conceited, I know! - but now every single picture on my phone is of Mason.
I'm proof that, even after having a baby, you can look better and sexier than ever!
I love and appreciate the bonding time with Mason. Nursing is surprisingly one of my favorite things.
Mom always told us to wear pretty, matching underwear.
I would say a lack of sleep is a cause for feeling not so beautiful. On those days, I try to drink lots of water and put on the biggest sunglasses I can find.
I remember, when I went away to college at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, my aunt sent me a book with the rules of being a Southern Belle. One of the rules was to never wear white after Labor Day. Fashion has a lot to do with confidence and making up your own rules.
Growing up, I never heard my parents curse, never. The first time I ever said a curse word was with my sister Kim.
My best friend and I went to sleep-away camp every summer. We'd share stories of making out with boys, but we never did, so we made it all up. My real first kiss was at a friend's house when I was in junior high. He was such a good kisser, and we're still close friends!
My daily style is easy and effortless - I don't like to take too much time getting ready.
I do become a recluse once in a while. It's so nice to just be at home and to not have to deal with the outside world.
I really love working with my sisters, doing photo shoots with my sisters and appearances all together.
When every moment is constantly being filmed, it's hard to relax.
After my daughter was born, I made a promise to myself to live in the moment.
We spent a lot of time trend forecasting and collaborating on ways to design a fresh line of fashion-forward, affordable luxury.
I've been wearing lipstick since I was in 7th grade. That was our form of daring self-expression, because we had to wear uniforms in school. It made our teachers so angry.
I love Oreos.
I'm five feet tall - I'm very petite - so for me, if I'm wearing a skirt or dress, it needs to be short, or else it makes me look frumpy. I need to wear either something really short or a maxi dress; anything in between just looks weird.
I'm short, and I always need to alter everything, and I alter a lot of what I wear.
Kids definitely grow out of their clothes really quickly, so I'm all about mixing and matching.
I feel tired, but in general, I do love being pregnant and always feel pretty good. I'm lucky. I always hear, like, horror stories.
Interior decor is my guilty pleasure. If I'm going to splurge on something, it's more for my home than for clothes.
Being a mom is what life is about. I hope people realize what the priorities in life should be and know not everything has to be perfect.
I would love to design a maternity clothing line. It is so hard to find stylish clothes for pregnant people... I would say 99 percent of the clothes I wore were not maternity because I couldn't find anything I liked.
My entire life changed when I became a mother - my priorities, my understanding, appreciation of life, and my relationship with God.
Women always ask me how to get back in shape after having a baby. I always say, 'Know when's the right time for your workout and commit to doing it.'
My mom and both of my grandmothers have always been into fashion, so it's been around us our whole lives.
I think I forget every time - you give birth, and you want your stomach to be flat again. It does take a lot of work, but I usually start slowly by going on walks with the baby.
I remember playing in my mom's closet with Kim as little girls - we had this game we played, I was Donna Karan, and she was my assistant, and I was really bossy.
I've always loved children's clothes - my grandmother actually owned a children's boutique in La Jolla, CA, for 30 years. I grew up visiting her and working in her store, and then my mom and I had a children's boutique together for five or six years.
I remember when I first found out I was having a boy, I became obsessed with buying boys' clothes. Then came my daughter, and I was obsessed with buying girls' clothes. Everything looks 10 million times cuter when it's teeny-tiny.
I wouldn't say I'm strict. I love to communicate with my kids, and I constantly check in and try to talk things through instead.
I was surprised that everyone calls it 'morning sickness,' because it lasted all day. For me, it was even worse at night. During my first two pregnancies, I felt so nauseous all day that I could only eat plain toast and bland foods - no proteins.
I love being pregnant in general.
I find a pregnant body to be beautiful and an incredible reminder of what a woman's body is made to do.
Before Christmas, I host a party for our kids and all their friends. We love to make a mess while decorating gingerbread houses.
Since we started putting together our makeup collection, Kardashian Beauty, I've been extra invested in our list of no-no ingredients. It's an ingredients black list that we don't allow into the products - no parabens, no sulfates.
When I do my own makeup, I always start with Laura Mercier Tinted Moisturizer.
I've been applying makeup long enough to feel good doing it on my own, but I cannot do my hair to save my life. When left to my own devices, if I have to go to an event, I do a slicked bun. Otherwise, I just try to wear a hat, put it in a ponytail, or do a side braid - something easy.
We're definitely honest with each other... if your sisters can't tell you that you look ridiculous, who can?
The Kollection is a complete mix of Kim, Khloe and I - each of our individual styles are reflected, and that has been the way we have always designed. We are constantly emailing each other with ideas - three minds are better than one sometimes.
Nothing comes before my children. I find that putting everything else in order of importance also helps to get everything done.
First dates are so awkward and annoying. I think a casual and fun first date with friends is much more fun than a one-on-one typical first date.
I don't think fame is that important to me.
We've always wanted to do a clothing line, and I personally love doing stuff with my sisters; I think it makes the whole process that much better.
I nursed Mason for 14 months and Penelope for 16, and I loved it. It was built-in time that the two of us could share alone every day. I didn't have any goals or expectations.
I witnessed a home birth with my sister Khloe and, after seeing it, I felt it wasn't for me. There was too much risk involved, and it wasn't as sanitary as a hospital.
After Mason was born, I'd feel guilty doing anything that wasn't related to work.
I am obsessed with my sisters. Being the oldest, I probably just have that in me. But I also think I am the youngest sometimes. We all have moments when we are the maternal one of the group.
I feel that if I'm going through something, I'm sure someone else is, too.
I've learned to set boundaries and know when to say, 'I just need to rest.' I'm good at listening to what my body's telling me.
I'm learning to trust other people to do things. My time is limited, and I'd rather be spending it with my kids.
The first thing I do when I'm shopping is touch everything to see if it's itchy. I remember my mom used to put me in the itchiest clothes ever, and I was traumatized by it, so I won't wear anything itchy now.
I actually hate when people open my gifts, and I hate opening gifts in front of people.
I know my mom always likes to give the over-the-top 'wow' pieces at baby showers.
I love things that are easy to throw on, that I don't have to think about. Like skinny jeans and a T-shirt is easy for me.
Sometimes, it's hard to separate manager mode from mom mode. I think, as our manager, my mom will get more emotional about situations than she would if she was just our manager.
My mom fed us a lot of processed food when we were kids, like chicken fingers, grilled cheese sandwiches and quesadillas. I make those treats for my family, too, but I use organic cheeses and whole wheat bread and tortillas.
My kids' doctor will quickly answer any email, even if it's 11:00 at night. That's important to me.
One of my favorite things to do is go running early in the morning when everyone in my house is still sleeping. I throw on my iPod, and it's, like, my time.
I'm not a dating person.
I just got out of a nine-year relationship. I think the last thing I probably need is anybody in my life.
It is still crazy to me that I have two boys born on the same exact day. I really tried to not have it happen, so they could each have their day, but there was no way around it.
I am always trying to evolve, so I like to read parenting books and things like that.
I don't want to judge, but I've also met women who think it's cool to be out or away from their baby, and I don't get that.
It was my first time taking a taxi with Mason. I had to tell the driver to wait because I had to get the stroller out of the car.
My mom bought me this amazing baby-food maker, the Beaba. I steam and puree fruits and vegetables, and they last for, like, four days.
Unless someone has walked in your shoes, you really can't judge. Everyone needs to make the best choice for their life.
I think motherhood is just about instinct.
When my younger sisters were born, I was in high school and college. I was at my mom's all the time but never changed them or fed them.
I definitely don't want to get married just for the sake of getting married.
This is my life. I don't need a piece of paper to make it a family unit.
I love dressing Mason more than dressing myself. It's so much fun picking out his clothes and making outfits and giving him style.
Everyday... well, if I'm doing it myself, I have my five-minute makeup routine, which is I do tinted moisturizer, and then I do a quick concealer, and I use our bronzer every day. And then I have to curl my lashes, and then I do our Quickie mascara, and that's it.
When I do my hair down, it just does not look good. It's just stringy, and it's like a hot mess.
I remember in seventh grade we used to wear lipstick to school, and the teachers would get so angry, and they'd steal our lipstick if we had them.
I love being a mum. Sometimes I just wish nobody knew who I was.
I pick apart everyone's pantries. They think I'm super-annoying.
I called a bunch of the restaurants in my neighborhood that I had assumed served all-organic food, and so many didn't!
In our house, we do everything whole: whole milk and full-fat cheeses. And I use ghee and coconut oil for cooking.
We only take on projects that we're really passionate about.
We always say we are a brand for our fans because through social media we're so lucky to see what people are asking us for, what they're looking for, and so we really design what we like but also take our fans in mind.
I'm obsessed with being a mom.
I couldn't wait until after my third baby to get my body back and start being able to dress a little bit sexier again.
The Kardashian Kollection fits me perfect. I didn't need to change one thing.
I'll even cut things. Or, I'll guesstimate it, and I'll have my assistant get it hemmed for me because I don't have time.
I have oatmeal every morning with whole milk, bananas, and cinnamon, and it's just the best thing ever.
I'm probably the least harsh on myself, and I try not to scrutinize everything about my body. As a new mom, it is what it is, and we just have to do our best.
We do have a two against one rule. If two sisters feel very strongly about a design or trend we want to try, we go for it.
Kardashian Kollection for Lipsy will have some amazing standout pieces like a full-lace jumper and metallic sequin jackets.
My sisters and I are very hands-on with our collections. I am really passionate about kids' clothes.
Designing was always something I was interested in. I studied fashion design in high school as well as how to sew.
My parents got me a sewing machine for Christmas during my senior year of high school. I made three pieces of clothing and had a fashion show at the end of the year, where we had to wear the clothes that we made. I took it to a whole new level; I made all my friends clothes.
My grandma had a kids' clothing store for over 30 years called Shannon and Company, and my sisters and I used to go and work there in the summers.
My mom and I had a kids' clothing store called Smooch for six years, and I did all the buying before I even had kids.
I love floral prints for little girls, and I love mixing prints.
