American,Celebrity
Heather and I decided we were going to be pretty low-key at the convention.
Life would be so much harder if I had to lie about who I was.
I always knew that there was something that made me different, and by the time I was in high school, I understood what it was.
I'd rather not be known as the Vice President's lesbian daughter.
It wasn't a secret that I was gay. I'd come out to my parents during my junior year of high school, on the day that I also wrecked the family car.
After being sworn in to office, vice presidents have usually been relegated to the sidelines, where they just don't get to do very much.
Campaign staffers develop the ability to sleep through anything.
Campaigning in Wyoming is politics at its most retail level. It's done one voter at a time.
Early numbers are always wrong.
Having loving and supporting parents didn't make me feel any better about the possibility of seeing my personal life splashed across newspapers and tabloids.
I came very close to quitting my job for the Bush-Cheney '04 campaign. I seriously considered packing up my office and heading home to Colorado.
I didn't know that President Bush would endorse a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage.
I had to admit I'd pretty much failed at the whole low-profile thing.
I'm not sure when I first knew that I was gay.
In the 1980s, there weren't a lot of role models for gay teenagers.
It won't take 40 years for opposition to same-sex marriage to dissipate.
It's always better to deliver the news yourself rather than allow your boss to be surprised.
John Kerry didn't out me, nor did he offend or attack me by calling me a lesbian. I certainly couldn't be offended by the truth.
The vice presidential candidate tends to be a bit of an afterthought.
There are millions of gay people in the United States, including well-known celebrities.
I'm probably a little more like my dad. But because of my mom, I never saw being a woman as being an impediment to being able to do something. She had her Ph.D. before I was born.
