American,Celebrity
And I felt sorry, and I have felt bad about what happened.
I voted Republican this year; the Democrats left a bad taste in my mouth.
I try to make very careful decisions about what I choose to do, and it's - I know that unfortunately one of the misperceptions about me, I think, is that I'm sort of a moth to the limelight.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't angry some days. But I really have worked hard to put a lot of the anger and disappointment in the past.
I have spent the past several years working so hard to just move on, and to try and build a life for myself.
At one point, I actually, ironically, thought I might go into criminology and work with the FBI.
I've always really been a romantic at heart, and I have always wanted kids, and I think the idea of sharing your life with the right person is amazing, actually.
I don't have the feelings of self-worth that a woman should have... and that's been the center of a lot of my mistakes and a lot of my pain.
I know I will never have an affair with a married man again.
He could have made it right with the book. But he hasn't. He is a revisionist of history. He has lied.
When I think of the person that I thought was Bill Clinton, I think he had genuine remorse. When I think of the person that I now see is 100 percent politician, I think he's sorry he got caught.
And understandably so, that when you're in legal jeopardy, you really cannot put yourself in a position to open yourself up to the media.
But, clearly to me, what I've come to see is that that happened because I didn't have enough feelings of self-worth. So that I didn't feel that... I was worthy of being number one to a man.
Getting and keeping my immunity became very important to me. For I needed to take care of myself and my family. No one else was worried about me.
He ended it. He just said he didn't - he - well, what he said was that he didn't feel it was right, and you know, I mean that's - because he ended it, he'd probably have to be the one to answer that.
I certainly know that this relationship could not have continued the way it did, when I was at the Pentagon and the president was obviously at the White House, without Betty.
I chose to not wear a wire and tape people. I chose to not get immunity until - were accepted, whatever - until the independent counsel's office was comfortable with what I said was the truth.
I did though at least expect him to correct the false statements he made when he was trying to protect the Presidency. Instead, he talked about it as though I had laid it all out there for the taking. I was the buffet and he just couldn't resist the dessert.
I mean, I felt terrible. And in the beginning, I mean, I was completely devastated. I mean, can you imagine the kind of guilt that you would feel, and the responsibility?
I mean, there was a portion, of course, that I think, when I look back now, that there was a portion of what attracted me must have been the awe of him being a powerful man in this environment, not to take away from who he is as a real person.
I was enamored with him. And I was excited. And I was enjoying it.
I was worried about my mom more than I was worried about the president. And then I was worried about the president, and then I was worried about myself.
I'm an incredibly lucky girl. For someone who has made some very foolish mistakes and had some tough lessons to learn very quickly, I am still incredibly lucky.
I've been told by the prosecutors and by my own attorneys I should go to law school. I guess I have a knack for it.
It was a mutual relationship.
It was that chemistry. And was the fact that he was president part of that chemistry? I don't know. Maybe. Probably. But it was - I was there because there was chemistry. I wasn't there because, oh, this is the president.
