American,Celebrity
I have a tough personality but then have a very soft side to me. I'm kind of a tomboy, but I throw it together with girly pieces.
A long sweater, good boots, and stretchy jeans are my fall fashion must-haves.
I love modeling because I get to see everything that inspires me. Then I go home and sketch.
My style is edgy but really put together. I'm not the kind of girl to walk out of the house in booty shorts and a crop top and Converse. I don't like that look.
First of all, you need to love yourself, 'cause that's the only way you're going to get by and be O.K. as an individual. But it's important to make other people feel loved because you never know what they're going through.
My dad always jokes that we should have a reality TV show because my friends and I pull crazy stunts, like putting Saran Wrap on the toilet.
One of the key factors of life is love, and the key factor of God is love, so having that understanding is really important in a relationship. Having someone that genuinely respects you and understands your life and is open to hearing about your life is really cool.
When I'm older, if I'm successful at everything, I want to come out with a clothing line.
Instagram is just a way of showing the world a little piece of what you're like. You're not really giving everything away - it's not like you're making videos every second; you're just giving a little picture of what's happening in your life. No one can really completely figure it out.
My aspiration isn't to be famous; it's to design clothes. If that gets me attention at the end of the day, cool.
I don't really keep up with trends; I just wear what I want. I don't really let anyone's opinion get to me. I stay in my own head.
I just feel like you have to go through this crazy transition if you're going to continue on with your career from a child star to an adult star.
I grew up watching my dad be a singer, so it's something I've always been interested in.
I'm not the kind of person to jump into a relationship with a guy. I do a lot of figuring out about the person and his background, what he wants, and why he is interested in me.
When I was 13, I was saying that I wanted to be signed to a label. I was begging my dad to get me signed with somebody.
My personal style: trenches, high-waisted pants, pantsuits, silks.
I'm a huge 'Game of Thrones' fan. Khaleesi is my full-on idol.
I wear only animal socks. I went to Koreatown and got a hundred packs of panda and money prints.
Lash extensions. I hate wearing mascara because it runs all over my face.
I spent pretty much every minute of my life with my mom.
I was the most reckless little kid. I only had guy friends. I had a Nintendo, and when I went to normal school, I used to tape it under my desk and then pull it out and play on it.
My family wanted church to be a place where we all went together. My dad was always traveling, and my mom was always working. School is where I did Bible classes and studied God.
There are some kids I grew up with whose parents are in the industry, but my friends that I hang out with day-to-day aren't Hollywood.
I actually really enjoy work ethic.
I'm very light, so some people don't really know that I'm black. I've been in situations where people will say something kind of racist, and I'll step in, and they'll be like, 'Oh, well, you're light.' That still doesn't cut it, buddy.
My sister is a big part of my actual style. Our style is not similar whatsoever, but she helped me find myself and find what I really liked.
