American,Coach
I don't count on the boy who waits till October, when it's cool and fun, then decides he wants to play.
Breaks balance out. The sun don't shine on the same ol' dog's rear end every day.
Football doesn't build character. It eliminates the weak ones.
I learned this about coaching: You don't have to explain victory and you can't explain defeat.
You've got to think lucky. If you fall into a mudhole, check your back pocket - you might have caught a fish.
Don't matter what they throw at us. Only angry people win football games.
If everything had already been done, there would be nothing left for young people to accomplish. There are always going to be people who run faster, jump higher, dive deeper, and come up drier.
All the white meat is gone. There's nothin' but necks on the platter.
You know, a football coach is nothing more than a teacher. You teach them the same subject, and you have a group of new guys every year.
Punt returns will kill you quicker than a minnow can swim a dipper.
If worms carried pistols, birds wouldn't eat 'em.
I know that the odds are against a marriage lasting 60 years.
I'm still healthy as can be.
But I do have time to pencil in golf, and we've got four excellent courses.
I move around and play different golf courses. I just enjoy it.
I really don't have a favorite course. I usually ask where there are the least players.
I try not to play two days in succession. I usually try to space it so I have a day in between.
I used to care more about the score than I do now.
I do not let a bad score ruin my enjoyment for golf.
I have found that the players who have played in that game really do have respect for their adversaries.
When I was a freshman at Oklahoma in 1946, the game was sold out - and it's been sold out ever since.
I knew that when I resigned from the University of Texas that I would never coach again.
If I were going to stay in coaching, I would have stayed right there because I was totally happy.
I was still enjoying coaching, but there was a repetitious manner about it.
The only thing that would change would be the year, the names. It just got to be a repetitious life.
I didn't want to stay until I had used up all the enjoyment because that's too long to stay anywhere.
