American,Coach
It's very important that we don't make the same mistakes twice. That's a big part of improvement.
I think it's what's best for that kid. Are you going to teach that kid a lesson for 10 years down the road by suspending him a game?
It never stops. It's 365 recruiting. That cell phone you've got, these smartphones are the death of college coaching.
I think in order to push kids and coach kids the way we want to coach them, we've got to have their trust.
The only thing that matters with my kids are them graduating and playing well, and I try to do my dangedest to get them to play well.
Every kid I've been around as a football player, they want their coaches to make them better as men and as players.
I might not have a conference championship or a national championship as a head coach, but I had the recruiting factor.
How do you play well? You practice well. You prepare well.
I think, as a coach, you have to be willing to do what's best for the player. And you say what's best for the player: is it better to give him a game suspension, three-game suspension, no suspension. I think each case may be different in that.
I don't recruit against Nick Saban. I recruit for the University of Georgia.
A lot of people think our standard is to be first in the SEC, be first in the country, first in our red zone, and run defense. We really don't go by that motto. We go by, 'Be the best Alabama defense there's been.'
My family's so happy in Tuscaloosa. My wife loves it.
I moved seven times the first seven years I coached.
I could finish my career being a defensive coordinator and say, 'Hey, he's Mickey Andrews.'
When you step out there on the field as a corner in our system, you have to be ready to play because humility is one week away.
Every college coach I talk to won't say it on record, but everyone's thinking, 'Should I go to the league?' Because you don't have the same requirements. It's different. The hours are different.
I've got recruits that will text and call and do everything in the middle of the night. And I'm thinking, 'I'm with my family.' But you've got to dedicate time to that, or you can't do it.
At the end of the day, if you're not beating the teams on the road recruiting that you have to beat on the field, then you're probably not going to win many championships.
We've got to recruit at the same level of the people who are winning titles and playing for titles, and to do that, we've got to have great facilities.
Every day I pull into that parking spot that says 'Head Football Coach,' I get out of my car and pinch myself sometimes, just to make sure it's real, sort of like, 'Is this really happening?'
Let's be honest. Georgia, if you get the best players in this state, you should be winning championships.
It's always a danger when you've got a great quarterback that throws the ball well, that scrambles well. You may push him into his asset. You may force him to do what he does best. So you've got to be able to throw curveballs and stop the pass as much as stop the run.
There's a lot of people who think in order to be a good head coach, you've got to be a head coach at a smaller school.
I've seen Coach Saban over the years have to make a lot of tough decisions, and there's not one decision he doesn't make that he doesn't bounce ideas off the staff. To me, that's invaluable.
When your mom and dad read the paper, they like to know their sons are on the roster.
The amount of pressure that I've put on myself as a defensive coordinator for the last 10, 11 years, I really believe there's a lot more decisions that go into that position than the head coach.
My goal is to outwork everybody in recruiting, sign the best players in the state, and turn these guys into the best team we can.
I think the growth you get from working at a place like Alabama and with a program under Nick Saban, it helps me immensely.
A lot of people have said, 'Why not take a smaller school head job?' I honestly feel my growth was better being in a large program, being around Coach Saban, and learning how to manage a lot of the tough situations you deal with in the media.
I think you never leave what you learn.
Our personalities are the not the same, Coach Saban and I. And I have the utmost respect for what he's done and what he's done for me and my family.
