Spanish,Coach
We need the whole squad, every player of the team, if we are to be successful.
I want the ball for 90 minutes. When I don't have the ball, I go high pressing because I want the ball.
In football, the worst things are excuses. Excuses mean you cannot grow or move forward.
As time goes by, people get to know you better. They pose problems for you, and you have to come up with solutions.
All the managers in the world, it doesn't matter how good you are, if your players don't understand what you are looking for or what you want, it makes no sense.
You hear all these people saying, 'Oh, Pep, what a good manager he is.' Forget about it. Cruyff was the best, by far.
I want to win. I want to play serious. I want to be effective.
I understand and accept that for the people of Munich, only the treble will do.
We try to play football; don't forget it, right. My teams always in my career try to play football. I cannot control the other circumstances.
The result is an empty thing. The result is I'm happy for the next two days because I get less criticism and more time to improve my team. But what satisfies me the most in my job is to feel emotions, the way we play.
I enjoy every day in Manchester. I am confident we can make a step forward to make people proud of us.
Creating something new is the difficult part. To make it and build it and get everyone to follow? Amazing.
I proved myself in Barcelona, and after I proved myself in Germany, I wanted to prove myself in England.
The most difficult thing in football is to score a goal.
When you train a massive club or little third division outfit, when you go out to play football in any situation, it is always about winning.
The fans can accept a poor performance, but they won't take it when you choose not to put in the effort.
A perfectionist? That's part of my job.
People want to be entertained. They don't want to be cheated.
People say you must be pragmatic, more clinical. More pragmatic than me? I'm sorry.
I need time, but as soon as possible, we are going to try to create team spirit. That is the most important thing. After that, you can create tactics, but we have to create something special with ourselves.
I want to feel the team is playing like I want. If not, why am I here?
From my point of view, I always want to fight until the end of my last chance.
In some times of the game, you have to be more simple.
In Barcelona, Bayern Munich, in Spain and Germany we were able to do it. But people say, 'You only did it because you were in Barcelona and Bayern Munich. You will not be able to do it in England.' So, let's do it. We are going to try.
For the last decade, the last 50 years, Barcelona dominate football matches. I love the way they play.
What happens in the Premier League is that when they arrive in the area, they punish you.
The people say I have to change? Well, the people have to tell me what I should do to change.
It's natural for players to be relaxed, so you have to be there to say, 'You have to do it again and again and again.'
I think all managers have to be so demanding.
Sometimes I was wrong about my players. Sometimes I want more and more from them; sometimes I am so demanding, but they showed me how good they are.
I won't be training at 60 years old, because I want to do something else in my life.
If I believed in it, and it wasn't productive for the team, I wouldn't do it.
I know the people expect the best - good. The people expect we'll play fantastic football and win games - good. I can't control that. I accept that, and I just focus on my players in the games.
The reason we are here is thinking, 'What can we do to make this club a better club?' I don't want the guys to think about what the club can do for them.
The players are coming to try every game, every weekend, so that the Manchester City people can be proud, and we will see what is our level to achieve our battles.
People talk about tactics, but when you look at it, tactics are just players. You change things so that the team can get the most out of the skills they have to offer, but you don't go any further than that.
Why am I here? Yes, to win titles, because then I will feel happy for the people. But the process is the reason why.
Alexis Sanchez would fit in any team in the world.
Will I be a success? I don't know.
Maybe one day I will work in Italy. If they want me.
You can win ten times, and then you are not able to win five times. I have to discover the reason why, and I am going to find that.
For my experience, my family. I will always be grateful for the people who brought me here.
I am here just to learn, to improve, to help my team improve.
I am here to change anything. I'm here to adapt. The critieria between a yellow and red card. What is a foul and what is not.
I try to be positive. I speak to my players about how we have to play, respect the rules. What I have done is always be positive.
I don't want preconceptions. I want to learn as much as possible.
Our job is to convince guys that our way is the best way to cross the road. The tactics and training and facilities are important, but I still have to convince you.
What I have to do to make sure I don't lose some games in a row; I don't know.
I try to play in one way all my career and here, with high pressing, but it is different in England. Many times the ball is more in the air than the grass, and I have to adapt.
It doesn't mean my footballing ideas are special, different, better than the others. I am not saying it's my football, my ideas, and the other coaches are nothing. It's the way I believe. I'm not special.
At Barcelona, I had the best players ever, and they helped me to be a successful manager.
I want to win games; I don't want to lose games.
I feel what I feel, and in the Premier League, there are some special things, but the pitch is the same. What I believe is good and will be good.
When you are 10 points behind, you have to be focused just on the next game.
To score four times against an Italian team when you trail 2-0 is a big deal.
If you want to win, you have to beat the big teams in Europe, and Juventus are awesome.
I started playing football young, and my career was on the pitch.
I want to feel I can help the club to believe they are good, and I want to feel the fans knowing the team is good. Sometimes you don't believe that because in the past, you have not won as many titles like the other ones.
It is one of the best clubs in the world by far. I'm loving Manchester City.
I am grateful to be here, and I will always be grateful for the opportunity Manchester City gave me.
At the end of the day, it's my players play against their players, and the end of the day, that's what's important.
I come here to be coach of Manchester City and train these players. That's the reason I am here.
The fundamentals, what I want, which is to take the ball, try to play as offensive as possible and dominate the game through the ball, is the same. I grew up with that; I was a player with that idea, and I am a coach with that idea.
I don't understand the lack of respect for amazing players when people say they are not good enough for me.
Barcelona are special in the way they play. They're a machine.
You know what happens in all the big companies and business in the world. If something doesn't work, you have to find a solution.
We have to cut out some of our mistakes, but the main thing in English football is controlling the second ball. Without that, you cannot survive.
Sometimes when you miss out on points, it is a pity, it is a shame, because we tried to do everything in the game.
Maybe Klopp is the best manager in the world at creating teams who attack the back four with so many players, from almost anywhere on the pitch. They have an intensity with the ball and without the ball, and it is not easy to do that.
I thank Manchester City for giving me the opportunity to train these amazing players.
I want happiness for the players.
I don't want players who don't want to stay.
I have a lot of respect for the careers of the players. They are with us, they are with me, and I treat them like professionals.
