American,Actor
Being on Ozzfest has been a great way for us to break out and show metal fans that we have a heavy side.
We knew that we wanted to play heavy music but I hadn't gotten into melody and things like that.
I really didn't think about song writing.
Being a new band, I just can't think of a better way to get your name out to all of the Hard-Rock crowd than playing with twenty of the biggest Hard-Rock bands in the world.
That was our first major tour and we got a chance to play in front of like 5000 people every day so it was like a Rock and Roll boot camp for us really, we learned a lot and made a lot of good friends.
Actually, we got signed in November of 2000 with Dreamworks which is the most amazing label. We have friends on other labels and though we are not selling millions of records, yet, they treat us with tons of respect and give us some very good guidance.
It is, we wanted to make a record that reflected our love of Hard-Rock music and it is sort of Metal though we don't really describe ourselves as Metal.
Lyrically we tried to just not be the same as a lot of the other crap that is out there right now.
I wanted to write some lyrics that had some meaning to them, lyrics that were meaningful to me and hopefully people can take something from that.
Whether you like another band's music or not you never know who is going to take you out on tour or who you are going to be friends with and that is just something that is important to us.
Musicians don't respect a lot of the stuff that is on TRL and a lot of musicians think that stuff on the radio is not good musically so when musicians say that they like us it obviously feels good.
Everything is completely democratic in this band so far and that is the way that we would like to keep it.
I think that every band tries to mature their sound through their existence, you know?
As far as I can see there are no problems with people in our band as far as the relationships go anyway.
You have to make sure that your assets and your back is protected before you make any big decisions.
A lot of big labels will just sign bands like a write off.
So you have to just be really careful and make sure that when a deal comes along, that it's like the right deal for you... not necessarily the most money, because you have to pay the record label that back in like record sales and stuff.
You don't want the biggest record deal as far as money goes, you just want to make sure that the people at the label really support your band and the music and stuff.
Well, our songwriting process is pretty collective.
We really try to make sure that the band writes the songs, not just one person.
Hopefully people can look at our band and see that we're a heavy rock band. We're definitely not a metal band, but we're a band that focuses on meaningful lyrics and melody.
