Indian,Actor
My personal style statement is very casual. And for me, comfort tops the chart over anything else.
I feel that if you are not comfortable, you can't be stylish, and that is the rule I follow.
I didn't even know I would be an actor; I always wanted to be a cameraman.
My life is cinematic in some ways.
I am resilient like my mother and have the ability to face any kind of storm.
My heritage is Pakistani, and I have loads of Pakistani fans on social media who I would love to connect with.
If I dabble in too many things and don't focus on channelizing my energy into one thing, I might mess it up.
As a host on TV, one has to engage the audience and contestants on the show. One has to bring a new element to their personality while hosting so that it doesn't look monotonous to the audience.
I can't put on a facade every time I go out.
I look like my mother but behave like my father.
Even actors are human beings, so we have issues to deal with - physical, emotional, and mental.
A film is not something that can be made over the phone or Skype. Creative people meet, spend time together, and then come up with something.
I work very hard in the gym. Sometimes, I come home very late, around 1 A.M., but still I go and work out at the gym. I don't ever stop.
Filmmaking as a process, it's bittersweet.
I have made my mistakes my strengths instead of looking at whose fault it is.
A relationship will be futile if it's based just on physicality. Intellectual stimulation is a must for me.
If a man is secure enough to allow his partner to go out and express herself, and if he does not feel as ambitious as her, he can be a homemaker also. There is nothing wrong with it.
My mother was the nicest person in the world. I still have people coming to me to say how she was so warm, generous, and kind-hearted. She never washed her dirty linen in public. She always maintained her equations with people.
I try and work out at least six times a week with my trainer because that's important for my body type, which is so different from a typical Indian boy.
I wanted to tell my story because I believe that if I can inspire or motivate even 10 or 15 people to start losing weight, it's a very big achievement. If I've managed to do it, anybody can.
If I feel insecure, then I am in the wrong profession. I have to trust my director and the material he has given me.
I signed 'Aurangzeb' because I loved the story. I thought it was an untold tale. For whatever reason, the audience did not like the film. Fair enough, but I still enjoyed the process.
Who would say no to a film like 'Gunday?'
I want all my films to do well.
Success demands sacrifices. I believe it's a small price to pay for the adulation and love one receives.
It's silly to have a prototype, because one inevitably falls for someone unexpected. My only criterion is she shouldn't just look nice; she must have a personality, too.
From the age of 14, I wanted to be a director.
My granddad passed away a month before I started shooting for 'Ishaqzaade,' and my mom died just before the film's release, both within a year of each other.
Every character, for me, is a new discovery.
I'd like to do a hundred different films.
People are always ready to pull you down.
Every morning when I wake up, I am grateful and happy that I come to the film set. It is home.
I am intrigued by women I have conversations with.
When 'Ishaqzaade' released, I was going through hell. It didn't matter what I said or did, because I had lost my mother.
I think that growth happens and that learning happens in anybody's life regardless of what profession you're in.
I'm happiest when in front of the camera, and I didn't know it until I got up there.
I've never been in a fight, not even while in college.
I internalise things. My sorrows and joys are private.
I went to acting school, and I polished my dancing, but I didn't really learn how to fight.
I am so broad and big-structured that even two kilos on me can look like gaining 10 kilos, and losing two kilos can also look like shedding 10 kilos.
I am hungry for good work.
I made peace with 'Tevar' not doing well and moved on.
There is nothing wrong being a house husband, and I do believe there is something right about it.
Argentina is amazing.
There is pathos and drama in 'Half Girlfriend.'
I don't know how I got such an image, but I am not a Casanova. It's an image that I wouldn't have liked for myself.
I didn't have any relationships in my teenage years, as I felt I was not attractive enough.
When you aren't doing too many films, people find other things to write about you.
It's important to be successful, and not just because there is competition, but also because it leads to better work for you.
Sadly, Indians are not very easily accepted in Pakistan, and that has a lot to do with the governments.
My grandfather is from Peshawar; he was born there.
I considered obesity a disease. It can destroy you from within. It almost destroyed me, and I do not want that to happen to anybody.
Two actors can be friends very easily. I think two actresses can also be friends.
I think everybody can get along.
Movies are my bread and butter and my inherent passion.
In a population of over one billion, there are 12-15 names that have the potential to be main leads in Hindi films. I am within the minority of the minority.
My ambition is very cinema-driven.
I am too ambitious to become a house husband.
When I get married, I think what matters is you should be happy with the person you are living with.
Hollywood has cracked emotions very well with animation, and that is where India will eventually cover because it is an emotional country, and we just want a right story to tell, which will stir the right emotions with the audience.
It has been an amazing experience working on 'Half Girlfriend.'
The choice of films I make is directly proportional to the kind of cinema I have grew up watching.
In the beginning, I got different kind of roles, and then I realised it's great to be that way. And that thought is always there before signing a film.
I aspire to play interesting characters.
I understand that people talk, and frankly, I can't control that. There's no point in getting upset over a thing that you can't control. You just have to let it go.
I won't think about what people will say, even when I am actually seeing someone. Somebody will say something, then someone else will contradict it. I can't keep chasing all of them and try and correct everyone.
I love leather jackets, and I am obsessed with it. I carry leather jackets fairly well.
As a host, I did 'Khatron Ke Khiladi,' and it was a learning experience.
For an actor to create a different look for every film is not easy.
Your success can't be determined by your surname but only by your work.
When you come from within the industry, you are better prepared for the industry. For example, you see your family deal with the nonsense that is written in the papers, or the highs and lows of a hit and a flop.
Sometimes, it is important for actors to take risky decisions.
An actor is defined by the choices he or she makes.
I don't want success to affect me to that extent that I change or failure to that extent that I get sad, bitter and negative.
