Austrian,Actor
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
Just remember, you can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.
For me life is continuously being hungry. The meaning of life is not simply to exist, to survive, but to move ahead, to go up, to achieve, to conquer.
The mind is the limit. As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something, you can do it, as long as you really believe 100 percent.
The future is green energy, sustainability, renewable energy.
Help others and give something back. I guarantee you will discover that while public service improves the lives and the world around you, its greatest reward is the enrichment and new meaning it will bring your own life.
Milk is for babies. When you grow up you have to drink beer.
In our society, the women who break down barriers are those who ignore limits.
The resistance that you fight physically in the gym and the resistance that you fight in life can only build a strong character.
As long as I live, I will never forget that day 21 years ago when I raised my hand and took the oath of citizenship. Do you know how proud I was? I was so proud that I walked around with an American flag around my shoulders all day long.
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach.
It's simple, if it jiggles, it's fat.
The worst thing I can be is the same as everybody else. I hate that.
I think that gay marriage should be between a man and a woman.
My body is like breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I don't think about it, I just have it.
The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle grow. This area of pain divides the champion from someone else who is not a champion. That's what most people lack, having the guts to go on and just say they'll go through the pain no matter what happens.
Start wide, expand further, and never look back.
Money doesn't make you happy. I now have $50 million but I was just as happy when I had $48 million.
Training gives us an outlet for suppressed energies created by stress and thus tones the spirit just as exercise conditions the body.
Government's first duty and highest obligation is public safety.
I welcome and seek your ideas, but do not bring me small ideas; bring me big ideas to match our future.
I saw a woman wearing a sweatshirt with Guess on it. I said, Thyroid problem?
'I'll be back' always sounded a little girly to me.
The success I have achieved in bodybuilding, motion pictures, and business would not have been possible without the generosity of the American people and the freedom here to pursue your dreams.
When you campaign and have to participate in so many debates just to the win the nomination of your party, you've had a lot of practice. You get to figure out as you go from one debate to another where you made your mistakes. By the time you get to the big debate you're pretty polished.
Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.
My relationship to power and authority is that I'm all for it. People need somebody to watch over them. Ninety-five percent of the people in the world need to be told what to do and how to behave.
If you work hard and play by the rules, this country is truly open to you. You can achieve anything.
I was born in Europe... and I've traveled all over the world. I can tell you that there is no place, no country, that is more compassionate, more generous, more accepting, and more welcoming than the United States of America.
In this country, it doesn't make any difference where you were born. It doesn't make any difference who your parents were. It doesn't make any difference if, like me, you couldn't even speak English until you were in your twenties.
If my life was a movie, no one would believe it.
I can promise you that when I go to Sacramento, I will pump up Sacramento.
I told Warren if he mentions Prop. 13 one more time, he has to do 500 push-ups.
Everything I have, my career, my success, my family, I owe to America.
Freedom is a right ultimately defended by the sacrifice of America's servicemen and women.
I believe with all my heart that America remains 'the great idea' that inspires the world. It is a privilege to be born here. It is an honor to become a citizen here. It is a gift to raise your family here, to vote here, and to live here.
Political courage is not political suicide.
I am a big believer in education, because when I grew up in Austria - when I grew up in Austria I had a great education. I had great teachers.
I do the same exercises I did 50 years ago and they still work. I eat the same food I ate 50 years ago and it still works.
I had this child, and it destroyed my family.
I'm not looking for sympathy at all.
I came to Hollywood and within a decade I was one of the biggest action stars of all time.
Women are the engine driving the growth in California's economy. Women make California's economy unique.
I think Americans are very patriotic.
I have plenty of money, unlike other Hollywood celebrities or athletes that have not invested well.
I speak directly to the people, and I know that the people of California want to have better leadership. They want to have great leadership. They want to have somebody that will represent them. And it doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or a Republican, young or old.
My friend James Cameron and I made three films together - True Lies, The Terminator and Terminator 2. Of course, that was during his early, low-budget, art-house period.
You can scream at me, call me for a shoot at midnight, keep me waiting for hours - as long as what ends up on the screen is perfect.
My own dreams fortunately came true in this great state. I became Mr. Universe; I became a successful businessman. And even though some people say I still speak with a slight accent, I have reached the top of the acting profession.
I know a lot of athletes and models are written off as just bodies. I never felt used for my body.
One of my movies was called 'True Lies.' It's what the Democrats should have called their convention.
To restore the trust of the people, we must reform the way the government operates.
We are a forward-looking people, and we must have a forward-looking government.
I feel good because I believe I have made progress in rebuilding the people's trust in their government.
And now, of course this is another thing I didn't count on, that now as the governor of the state of California, I am selling California worldwide. You see that? Selling.
For 20 years, Simon & Schuster asked me, 'Why don't you write your autobiography?'
I think that people are interested seeing me on the screen.
I am the most helpful and open up doors for everyone and I like to share.
Politically there were failures. And also on the personal level, there were tremendous failures.
What's fascinating is, people in Washington would rather spend time in Hollywood, and people in Hollywood would rather spend time in Washington.
I'm addicted to exercising and I have to do something every day.
As president, Reagan worked very well with Democrats to do big things. It is true that he worked to reduce the size of government and cut federal taxes and he eliminated many regulations, but he also raised taxes when necessary.
Teddy Roosevelt is still a hero among environmentalists for his conservationist policies.
It's time to stop thinking of the Republican Party as an exclusive club where your ideological card is checked at the door, and start thinking about how we can attract more solution-based leaders like Nathan Fletcher and Anthony Adams.
Well, you know, I'm the forever optimist.
Well, I think that California has had a history of always spending more money than it takes in.
Even with my divorce and with everything, I don't need money.
People should make up their own mind about what they think of me.
I'm sure a lot of people out there make mistakes.
People need to be insured so when you have an accident out there, or when something catastrophic happens to you, that you're covered and there's not someone else has to pay for you. That is as simple as that.
