American,Actor
The more relaxed you are, the better you are at everything: the better you are with your loved ones, the better you are with your enemies, the better you are at your job, the better you are with yourself.
Don't think about your errors or failures; otherwise, you'll never do a thing.
No one really wants to admit they are lonely, and it is never really addressed very much between friends and family. But I have felt lonely many times in my life.
Movie acting suits me because I only need to be good for ninety seconds at a time.
Somewhere there's a score being kept, so you have an obligation to live life as well as you can, be as engaged as you can.
And I don't like to work. I only like working when I'm working.
I go home and stay there. I wash and scrub up each day, and that's it. One month I actually grew a moustache, just so I could say that I'd done something.
My favorite thing about New York is the people, because I think they're misunderstood. I don't think people realize how kind New York people are.
I don't want to be that guy mumbling into his drink at a bar.
I always want to say to people who want to be rich and famous: 'try being rich first'. See if that doesn't cover most of it. There's not much downside to being rich, other than paying taxes and having your relatives ask you for money. But when you become famous, you end up with a 24-hour job.
I'm a nut, but not just a nut.
I realized the more fun I had, the more relaxed I was working, the better I worked.
I throw a Christmas party at my house. It's not really a Christmas party, because I don't want to call it a Christmas party. But let's just say I put a lot of Christmas trees around the house, so it smells good.
I think that the online world has actually brought books back. People are reading because they're reading the damn screen. That's more reading than people used to do.
When you see grown men near to tears because they've missed hitting a little white ball into a hole from three feet, it makes you laugh.
Yeah, I think that's sort of the American way. And it's also the Polish way, it turns out.
One of the things I like about acting is that, in a funny way, I come back to myself.
While I have felt lonely many times in my life, the oddest feeling of all was after my mother, Lucille, died. My father had already died, but I always had some attachment to our big family while she was alive. It seems strange to say now that I felt so lonely, yet I did.
When I work, my first relationship with people is professional.
Awards are meaningless to me, and I have nothing but disdain for anyone who actively campaigns to get one.
The studios don't seem to foster good writing. They're not so interested in that, but they're more interested in what worked most recently. They're definitely very serious about making money, and that's not a wrong thing, but you don't have to make money the same way all the time.
There's only a couple times when fame is ever helpful. Sometimes you can get into a restaurant where the kitchen is just closing. Sometimes you can avoid a traffic violation. But the only time it really matters is in the emergency room with your kids. That's when you want to be noticed, because it's very easy to get forgotten in an ER.
I've never made any horrible, horrible movies. If you don't ruin your reputation, you can always get work.
We're born alone. We do need each other. It's lonely to really effectively live your life, and anyone you can get help from or give help to; that's part of your obligation.
I went to Second City, where you learned to make the other actor look good so you looked good and National Lampoon, where you had to create everything out of nothing, and SNL, where you couldn't make any mistakes, and you learned what collaboration was.
Whenever I think of the high salaries we are paid as film actors, I think it is for the travel, the time away, and any trouble you get into through being well known. It's not for the acting, that's for sure.
