American,Actor
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
As you think, so shall you become.
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
Ever since I was a child I have had this instinctive urge for expansion and growth. To me, the function and duty of a quality human being is the sincere and honest development of one's potential.
Showing off is the fool's idea of glory.
It's not the daily increase but daily decrease. Hack away at the unessential.
A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough.
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering.
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
Real living is living for others.
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
Obey the principles without being bound by them.
The possession of anything begins in the mind.
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.
