American,Actor
You can't undo the past... but you can certainly not repeat it.
If you take guns away from legal gun owners, then the only people who would have guns would be the bad guys. Even a pacifist would get violent if someone were trying to kill him or her. You would fight for your life, whatever your beliefs.
I believe in justice, and I believe in people being held responsible for their actions.
On the one hand, we'll never experience childbirth. On the other hand, we can open all our own jars.
I mean, look, I wear makeup in films. I don't wear makeup in real life. It's just part of the gig, that's all.
My wife heard me say I love you a thousand times, but she never once heard me say sorry.
I hate government. I'm apolitical. Write that down. I'm not a Republican.
Everybody, no matter how old you are, is around 24, 25 in their heart.
Violence - look, we live in a violent world, man. This country was founded on violence. Who's kidding who?
Every day, I work at not taking this fame thing seriously. Fortunately, I have a great group of friends who help me do this.
They look right. And you move left.
I'm happy every day.
Hair loss is God's way of telling me I'm human.
I'm really just a regular guy who has had an incredibly blessed life.
I just have more fun when I get to try new things - and the action film genre has kind of painted itself into a corner, copied itself so many times and it has basically run out of bad buys.
I hate working out. Because I work out for films now solely I come to associate it with work.
But the action film genre is gonna have to come up with some new bad guys.
After I did the first Die Hard I said I'd never do another, same after I did the second one and the third. The whole genre was running itself into the ground.
Justin Timberlake is terrific in this film. I told him it's time to stop singing.
If you catch him, just give me four seconds with Saddam Hussein.
I like having the dough to come and go as I please.
I wake up laughing. Yes, I wake up in the morning and there I am just laughing my head off.
Too many children in foster care are falling through cracks. Be a hero, take the time learn about adoption today.
I've always had confidence. Before I was famous, that confidence got me into trouble. After I got famous, it just got me into more trouble.
I just try to go to work, and concentrate on coming home to my girls.
Art imitates life and, sometimes, life imitates art. It's a weird combination of elements.
