Canadian,Actor
Yeah, we're sweet but savage, and I think a lot of Canadians are that way.
I, sir, I just like to work. I'm humble.
No, they're nice guys. They wear girdles, but they're nice guys.
I think you're the grumpy Kid in the Hall, I'm the nice Kid in the Hall.
I'm just ah, actually developing a tv show for HBO, and I'm directing a film this summer, and actually I'm doing some live shows out in western Canada.
Is it spoken word? Kinda, but that's a weird area. Is it comedy? Well, it's funny but no, it's not comedy.
I think you can see that in the show. Music was my touchstone. Music is still much more important to me.
I hate to sound like Julie the cruise director but it's people that I think about all the time.
L.A. Woman is amazing, but when I was growing up I was into the Who.
No, I don't run all the way. I'm not like an Olympic class runner.
I think that's why I like baseball. There's something great about it - you're young, the pitcher's young and he's got this great arm, and he doesn't really realize anything about strategy.
Most of the people I know in bands, all they are concerned about is getting to do the next record.
I would rather be a security guard than a rock star.
However, we couldn't focus on the films much during the series because we're dumb. Individually we're smart guys, but together we're one big dumb guy, and couldn't concentrate on two things at once.
In terms of the series, we worked separately, getting together in rehearsal to beat out the material.
But we wanted to work in a way we never had, which was write everything together. We had to face each other in the same creative room, which gets tougher as you get older, because you don't want to be confrontational.
We see less of Dave, certainly, and he's kind of fallen out of the sphere of our group, mostly because he's working on his show, and has kind of lost the fun of the party.
But after this last year and dealing with the studio, the rest of us are closer than we've ever been.
Cancer Boy probably has the saddest, noblest, sweetest heart of any character I've ever done.
I don't really like comedy.
You know, funny is this weird word for me. I hear is so many times it has no meaning anymore.
I don't love comedy but I can watch someone who's kind of interesting forever. I think a waitress who's having a bad day is a lot more fun than Robin Williams doing forty minutes of material.
I like to do little obsessed losers, or people who are in over their head, or people who are trying to figure stuff out, or guys whose girlfriends leave them and they don't quite get it. Guys who just don't quite get it.
I got through college realizing business was repugnant.
I got involved in improv comedy. It settled me down when I was getting wild. I was sort of an evil teenager smashing up my cars and drinking and driving, let's just say, a lot.
