American,Actor
I like to impress myself when I dress.
There's a time to impress someone, and then there's a time to make an impression on someone.
You learn the hard way. That's the thing with social media. Nobody knows what they're doing.
Looking back, the biggest mistake I made was feeling ashamed of it. Acne is a part of life. You don't need to be embarrassed of it.
I bought a girl roses once.
It's great living with your best friends.
Social media... it's the future for the new generation.
When I got out of high school, I started breaking out. I tried everything from A to Z as far as seeing doctors and getting prescriptions. I even did home remedies, and I had no luck. A fan gave me Proactiv, and it cleared my skin, but there were too many steps. I lose everything, and I lost one of the products. My acne started to come back.
I started breaking out of my shell in sophomore and junior year.
I don't own cable, but my TV came with a Netflix button.
People get to choose who they follow, so they follow me for me. It's super humbling and awesome.
My daily diet consists of basically anything I think looks tasty, whether that's pizza, sushi, burgers, quesadillas. I like everything.
I travel a lot, and that makes it harder to date, but it also opens up opportunities for me to meet people where I wouldn't normally meet them.
I had no idea at all how to model, but people would start to follow me. So, I would go to these start-up companies and say, 'I have all these followers... how can we work together?'
My goal is to bridge the gap between social media and traditional media.
I like to post positive content, and I like to try and make people smile. That's why those videos are popular. I don't fake it.
I'm working on bridging the gap between mainstream famous and Internet famous. They're two different things, but eventually, social media will be the way to become a celebrity.
I used to cuss in my tweets, and now I don't.
If I made a mistake on a piece of content, I'm going to learn from it.
I have a tweet that said, 'I want to be a Calvin Klein model,' and that was in 2011. And then I modeled for Calvin Klein. And then I had a tweet like, 'I wonder what it's like to be in front of thousands of fans,' and I've been in front of thousands of fans.
I'm pretty into computers. I used to be a lot more into it when I was younger.
Be an individual. I mean, obviously it's hard for a brand, for a corporation, to have a huge following.
People always like people, you know?
It's hard to sell a brand without having a face to it.
You can't be like, 'Alright, I'm going to make this viral!' You just put stuff out there, and you hope that people engage and resonate with it.
It must be horrible having people scared to talk to you. But I think it's kinda cool that I don't really know anyone in that way.
I don't really like to promote anything, but I will promote things I believe in and things that work.
I have used Proactiv, and I use X Out, and they are the only things that work for me.
I'd previously done 'Expelled,' and that was more on the comedy side, so I really wanted to challenge myself and see if I could actually do a drama.
I did the Vines first, and then I chose Instagram because the filters were better, and you could post the best picture of yourself, which I figured would help my modeling career.
I'm really bad at baseball.
We filmed 'Expelled' in Santa Clarita at an all-girl's school. There were twelve hour days.
I'm from San Bernardino, California. It's, like, all cows and dairies and very open.
One time, I pranked my sister: I put red solo cups in her room on her floor and filled them with water. Then I put string all over so you couldn't get anywhere.
