English,Actor
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
A tramp, a gentleman, a poet, a dreamer, a lonely fellow, always hopeful of romance and adventure.
To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it!
Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot.
A man's true character comes out when he's drunk.
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles.
Words are cheap. The biggest thing you can say is 'elephant'.
Laughter is the tonic, the relief, the surcease for pain.
What do you want a meaning for? Life is a desire, not a meaning.
We think too much and feel too little.
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl.
Life could be wonderful if people would leave you alone.
This is a ruthless world and one must be ruthless to cope with it.
I remain just one thing, and one thing only, and that is a clown. It places me on a far higher plane than any politician.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took from the people will return to the people. And so long as men die, liberty will never perish.
I had no idea of the character. But the moment I was dressed, the clothes and the make-up made me feel the person he was. I began to know him, and by the time I walked onto the stage he was fully born.
Despair is a narcotic. It lulls the mind into indifference.
Man as an individual is a genius. But men in the mass form the headless monster, a great, brutish idiot that goes where prodded.
I am at peace with God. My conflict is with Man.
I suppose that's one of the ironies of life doing the wrong thing at the right moment.
Only the unloved hate; the unloved and the unnatural.
The saddest thing I can imagine is to get used to luxury.
We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each other's happiness, not by each other's misery.
I don't believe that the public knows what it wants; this is the conclusion that I have drawn from my career.
To help a friend in need is easy, but to give him your time is not always opportune.
