American,Actor
I've been playing music since I was born.
I watched 'Full House.' I loved 'Full House.'
My dad is in the music business in Nashville. I was the third child born in my family, and there are three notes in a chord, so that's how they came up with my name.
I got my first instrument for Christmas when I was three or four years old. My parents got me a mandolin because it was the only instrument that would fit me because I was so small. I went straight from that into the drums when I was six, and then I started playing guitar when I was seven or eight.
I love John Stamos. John's a really friendly, cool dude.
I write alternative, folkie pop. It's very acoustic.
I'm a huge Neil Flynn fan.
My real name is Chord Overstreet. I actually got my name because my dad is in the music business as a songwriter. I was the third one in my family born, and there are three notes in a chord, so that's how they came up with my name.
I got my first instrument at Christmas when I was three or four. My dad and mom got me a mandolin. It was the only instrument that fit me because I was so small. I went straight from that into drums when I was six and then started playing guitar when I was seven or eight.
If I'm going to be on national T.V. without my shirt on, I've got to look good.
Throughout your whole career, there's a bunch of people you might have to kiss. Say there's this character opposite you, and you might not be into her - or him, personally. You just gotta' do it. That's your job.
I've always been a fan of 'Beat It,' 'You Rock My World,' and 'Smooth Criminal.'
I always knew I wanted to have a good career, so I made it happen.
It's not weird being recognised, but it's weird having to stop what you're doing to take pictures or sign something. But the fans are the reason you have your success, so it comes with the territory.
I would rather hang out in my house with a couple of friends than go and rage all night.
I freaking love Gwyneth Paltrow - I think she's awesome. She is fantastic.
I can play the harmonica with my nose.
I talked to my agent and said that, basically, I'm the Taylor Lautner of TV. We both have our shirts off a lot. And we have the same agent, so we goof around about it. I'm waiting to open a script and see my shirt on.
I don't want to be compared to Brad Pitt because I don't want to, you know, disappoint anybody. Brad Pitt is an icon.
