American,Actor
I've spent so much of my youth trying to change people or change girls and then having it done to me and people wanting me to change.
I love 'Boardwalk Empire.' I really love that world. I love that style. I love all the actors on it.
I'm not a cook. I don't think I ever will be.
I like to eat.
I'm from Long Island. Strong Island.
I'm from another time period. E-mailing sometimes, for me, is difficult.
Well, it's always strange to kiss someone with 10, 20, 40 people around.
I would love to close my eyes and see myself with my girlfriend when we're 99 years old and I have a pipe and she's knitting a sweater, and I hope that's the way it goes. I think it's a challenge every day.
I think Aaron Sorkin is like Shakespeare. When you go through it, there is a rhythm and clues all over the place of how it should be played.
When you do a play, you do it for a couple months, and it just gets in your bones. You can learn about somebody that way.
I am a big fan of movies from the '70s.
I like funny things, but I don't find myself particularly funny.
If you're playing your character and you're running into all these people who know who you are and treat you in a way that doesn't pertain at all to the character, it takes you out of it more, so when you're alone in a city where people don't know you, you can kind of pretend even more and get into the head space of where you need to be.
It's always flattering when somebody you really respect and like wants you to be involved in their project - let alone writes a part with your voice in mind.
Yeah, I think everybody has the crises of questioning themselves at some point or other in their lives. Is this where I should live? The job I should have? The girl I should be dating? Is this the friend I should have?
I think as an actor, you're constantly putting yourself out there, and a lot of times failing - and failing in front of a bunch of people - and sometimes you have a good moment and something clicks.
There's been a lot of times that I thought I'd never work again; I was really bummed out.
Ultimately, making movies, if you don't have a big star, it's hard to do. Or if it's not a star director.
I'm lucky to just be a working actor. There are so many great actors out there and I'm just lucky to have gotten work.
As corny as it sounds, I'm often pinching myself going, 'What great opportunities and great parts and great people that I've gotten to work with.'
What's monotonous about being an actor and often makes me want to throw in the towel or drive a car off a bridge is the auditioning - the waiting around.
