Canadian,Actor
Stuff happens when you are a kid; it scars you inside for life.
What does kissing really mean to me? To me, if you feel, when you kiss a girl, that certain feeling of all those dolphins, like, swimming through your blood stream, and you get those good tingles inside your stomach, I don't think there's any better feeling.
I'd love to see the rushes but it's just not allowed because directors and also a lot of actors feel that if they see their work, and the director likes what they're doing, the actor might try to correct their mistakes.
It basically comes down to that word: Love. I guess that's what it's all about.
But a year before that, I was starting to drink beer on the set of the film Lucas (1986).
But one led to two, two led to four, four led to eight, until at the end it was about 85 a day - the doctors could not believe I was taking that much. And that was just the valium - I'm not talking about the other pills I went through.
Corey feldman and I did sneak into the screening room one day during Lost Boys.
I have a doggy, a Japanese Akita, who I live to play with.
I lived in Los Angeles in the '80s, which was not the best place to be.
I make myself pizza if it comes down to that drastic measurement.
I play keyboards and sing. I've written a couple of songs too.
I started on the downers which were a hell of a lot better than the uppers because I was a nervous wreck.
I think maybe ten years from now, I'm hopefully going to be, in like, Tahiti or something. Kicking back like in my huge mansion, if everything goes right, it's all up to me.
I'm trying to get in the habit of, you know, picking up a book and learning how to write my feelings down, not my feelings but my thoughts, about things, and hopefully I'll moving toward the writing and directing thing soon.
I've gotten to work with some great people. I've been really lucky.
Um, you know, they have every right to feel the way they do and things are great with me, as you see, I'm very, good shape now and on the ball. Things are happening.
Well, my favorite roles so far are Lucas and Lost Boys.
You are what you wear. I wear something different everyday.
I wanted to play professional hockey, man. But when I acted, I thought, 'Well, okay, maybe I do have something here.'
I don't like Heather Graham. She did an interview and said, 'I didn't want to kiss Corey; I didn't want to catch his mononucleosis. He had a kissing disease.'
I absolutely did date Victoria Beckham, yes.
I want to direct. Definitely a goal of mine.
Horror movies, man, the blood entails so much time. And horror movies are not fun; definitely not starting there as a director. Definitely not horror.
I always thought acting was all lights, camera, action. It's a job; you have to do your job correctly.
I feel like, with myself, I ruined myself to the point where I wasn't functional enough to work for anybody, even myself. I wasn't working.
My mom saved my life. She gave me mouth-to-mouth more than once.
