American,Actor
The idea of a new hero for a new day sang to me.
I think, in our darkest moments, you have to find the humor, and you have to find the lightness.
I like being a chameleon and doing things that are just so different that people will be like, 'Oh, that's him?'
Sometimes '24' can seem a little grand. Sometimes these things can seem a little outlandish.
In television, to be a hero and look like I look, that really stuck with me.
If the challenge wasn't there, there's no reason to say 'yes' to the role.
I didn't grow up seeing faces of patriots, emotional and raw and gritty, who looked like me.
I sort of have to have a positive outlook.
I remember seeing the first episode of '24' when I was 13, and to be that face for a 13-year-old and open up that possibility, it shows you the world isn't on fire. There's possibility there.
What everyone loved about '24' is still there - the clock, the tick, the lean-in factor, the pacing.
Sometimes, as actors, we feel like we want to hold on and control where a character goes.
I have members of my family who are in the military. I have friends who are in the military. Classmates who served in the military.
In 2001, terrorism was fought in a completely different way.
I knew I wanted to be an artist early on, but I decided to seriously pursue the profession when I auditioned for Juilliard.
I'm a very private guy, so it's an adjustment for me, but a welcomed one, as long as the work remains the focus.
When somebody says, 'Do you want to play Dr. Dre in a movie?' I mean, how do you respond to that? My initial response was 'no' because I don't think I can do it ,and I don't want to be the one to mess it up!
The rules of engagement are totally different when you're on the homefront.
I like being the underdog.
I like doing things that people wouldn't necessarily think I can do.
We are a diverse people, man.
Growing up, we never got to see a hero who didn't have superpowers who looked like us, that you could kind of look to and say, 'I could be that guy one day. I could be a patriot. I could be a soldier. I could work in the government and be a hero.'
On '24,' you don't have time to emote and deal with stuff, because stuff just keeps happening. Every other minute, there's something crazy that's happening that's threatening this country.
I remember 'The Cosby Show,' but that was something completely different. Comedy. There was a lightness to it and a sort of unrealistic perfection.
You know how trends go with television. Next year, the networks might not be open to taking risks.
The challenge is making sure that every single moment is honest, no matter what. It's doing Eric Carter justice. Not trying to fill Jack Bauer's shoes. Not trying to step into Kiefer's legacy.
I have the most utmost respect for the men and women overseas, and I only played a soldier on television. Again, I can only imagine the sacrifices that they make every single day.
I grew up in D.C.
My mother's a police officer, so there was only so much trouble I could get myself into. But my father grew up on the other side.
I had my foot in both worlds. I knew what I didn't want, and so I had to make a choice, just like N.W.A. made choices.
There's good cops and bad cops, and the good cops have to hold the bad cops accountable. We have to hold the bad cops accountable, too.
I like to surprise myself. I like to surprise my fans, too.
I feel immensely blessed - not just that I'm working, but that I'm working on projects that I really care about and like. I've always been that way.
I'll just put it this way: I've struggled enough as a working actor - and, most of the times, a not working actor - to know that anytime you are working is a blessing.
I'm the guy coming from Juilliard.
I'm not going to lie to you: I'd prefer not to go to the gym and not to run.
Even before I was working off-Broadway, there were lots of different TV shows that I would actually say 'no' to, and my agents would be like, 'Are you crazy?' but they stuck with me because they know the kind of things that excite me.
I want longevity in this career.
I know the struggle - trust me. I know how hard it is for us to say 'no' to a lot of things that get offered.
Yes, I do feel a deep responsibility every time, every character, everything that I do.
So you want to take the risk, and you want to step out there; you do it because that's what we have to do as actors. And sometimes in TV, it becomes big, and it becomes about the entertainment, but also, we have to focus in on the work.
Eric Carter is a more raw, more emotional protagonist. He's a bit of an Everyman.
Nothing's out of the realm. I think '24' has always keyed into that.
The thing with '24' is that because it moves so much, it's a challenge, and sometimes things get revealed about these characters as you go.
