Canadian,Actor
I'm a cat whisperer. When I go to people's houses, their cats always like me better than the owners.
I've worked as a labourer, driven taxis and school buses, and been a car mechanic - whatever I could do just to get by. But it does mean that I know a little bit about a lot of things.
How do I put this? 'Glee' is like 'High School Musical' if 'High School Musical' had its stomach punched and its lunch money stolen.
It's really annoying when you're trying to get to know someone and she doesn't pay attention to you because she's obsessed with her phone.
I recently had a few days off while shooting a movie in Budapest, so I took a cab from the set to the airport, looked at the departure board, and decided where I wanted to go right then and there. I spent four days in Rome and didn't tell anyone I was going.
I think if you show up and you work hard and you're straightforward, you can always create your own opportunities. I hope I'm right.
I say eat fast and die young.
If people are taking pictures of me at Starbucks, it's not the end of the world. It's cool, it's fun, it's exciting.
I keep a pretty low profile. I live in Culver City with some roommates. I don't do the whole 'Hollywood' thing.
I was dirt-poor. I could barely hold down a job. Eventually, though, I started getting small parts on shows like 'Smallville,' 'Supernatural'... and lots of really bad sci-fi movies. I was running around the woods in wolf contacts, covered in fake blood made out of pancake syrup, roaring.
I took out a whole fireplace and put in broken glass and installed a burner underneath, so it looks like fire on ice. I did that in my bedroom suite. I'm pretty handy.
I like the idea of dating, but I'm not dating anyone exclusively, particularly right now. It's hard to be in a relationship unless you're ready to go public with it. So it's a lot easier for me to not be in a relationship. I really don't want that part of my life to be tabloid fodder.
I'm really pale.
I was 20 years old, working as a roofer and a telemarketer and driving a taxi, just barely getting by. A friend of a friend suggested I try acting. I was like, 'Why? What am I going to do? Community theater?' But I took a class, and the teacher thought that I had potential, so I moved to Vancouver and started auditioning.
But when the 'Glee' audition came around, my manager literally had to talk me into it. I was petrified to sing in front of anyone.
I see the people in the tabloids, the ones that get bad press, who have kind of gone off the edge, and I try to study them so that I don't do that. It seems like they lost focus at some point - that's the one thing they all have in common.
I'm Joe Canada, who never went to high school. I've never even been to a football game.
Maybe it'll be like 'The Simpsons,' and everybody will remain unchanged. Maybe that's what 'Glee's about. Maybe this is kind of a stasis show. I don't know.
I remember I'd come home from fifth, sixth grade, and I'd watch 'Saved by the Bell' and be like, 'I hope my high school experience is like that.' And it totally wasn't. It sucked.
I probably tweet every other day, which I know isn't half as much as some people.
I don't read that many novels, I'm more of a nonfiction fan.
I don't need to be wildly famous for my life to make sense.
I like Lady Gaga!
I'm lucky on so many counts - I'm lucky to be alive.
I stole a significant amount of money from a family member. I knew I was going to get caught, but I was so desperate I didn't care. It was a cry for help.
At some point, you realize your parents are human. They make the best decisions they can with the options available to them.
