British,Actor
The comfort zone is the great enemy to creativity; moving beyond it necessitates intuition, which in turn configures new perspectives and conquers fears.
A British porch is a musty, forbidding non-room in which to fling a sodden umbrella or a muddy pair of boots; a guard against the elements and strangers. By contrast the good ol' American front porch seems to stand for positivity and openness; a platform from which to welcome or wave farewell; a place where things of significance could happen.
I'm shocked at being recognized.
Every night, half an hour before curtain up, the bells of St. Malachy's, the Actors' Chapel on New York's 49th Street, peal the tune of 'There's No Business Like Show Business.' If you walk the streets of the theatre district before a show and see the vast, enthusiastic lines it sounds like a calling: there is certainly no place like Broadway.
All my early school reports from the age of 5 were 'Daniel must learn not to distract others.'
None of us had any idea of how successful Downton was going to be. I thought I was signing up for another period drama that had a slightly modern feel. It had a freedom about it because it was coming out of the head of Julian Fellowes. Anything could happen and generally did.
Soap opera seems to be a dirty word, but actually they are the most popular shows we have.
I'm lucky to be married to someone who entirely gets what I do. She is totally sympathetic to the actor's life. Her own mother was an actress, so she sort of grew up with it.
My dad's family were pretty working class, actually.
I want to spend as much time as I can with my family, yet I'm aware of having to bring home the bacon.
I don't know much about my biological background.
Not a lot of people would think that I spent most of my early years totally rebelling against anything I could, getting suspended from school, going on demonstrations.
I was a pretty difficult teenager.
People look at me, they know I've appeared in costume dramas and they automatically assume I must be a Tory, I must be a certain type of person.
I was never very happy at school.
I always wanted to be an actor.
I never quite toed the line.
I don't see money or a particular status as an actor as a goal, but I want to do the best work I can in as interesting a range of roles as I can.
I haven't done as many films as I would have liked.
When it is good, theatre takes a lot of beating both to watch and perform.
What was interesting was talking to older gay men about what it was like being gay in the Eighties.
In the 21st century, I think it's fair to say, homosexuality is more accepted in Britain and it's wonderful that my generation has been able to grow up with that.
I'm a huge fan of Eighties music.
I've been a lucky boy.
The female attention I have to struggle hardest with is from my two-year-old daughter.
I don't think many people get to play big emotions in life.
I never quite toed the line. I was a bit disruptive. All my early school reports from the age of 5 were 'Daniel must learn not to distract others.' And now, that's what I do for a living.
I don't think there's ever a right time to have kids. I'm actually pretty glad it's happened quite young.
I'm amazed by just constantly - there's not a week that goes past where there's not someone in Ulan Bator or Rio De Janeiro suddenly says, 'Ooh, 'Downton' started this week.' You completely forget it's staggered across the world.
'Planet Earth' was such an extraordinary series and the 'Making Of'... is fascinating: the creatures and stories behind the camera are just as fascinating as those in front. It's a bit of a dream come true to be a part of the team in some small way.
