British,Actor
I was a savage for so many years of my life. There was some seed of determination in me that I was not conscious of. I was mostly consciously getting into trouble and drunk.
When I was younger, I made some decisions that I shouldn't have. And, in hindsight, I've almost always been wrong when I haven't listened to myself.
There's nothing worse than finding yourself in a situation, a very demanding piece of work, and knowing that you're not a true ally to the person who's in charge of all that.
Everybody has to know for themselves what they're capable of.
You can never fully put your finger on the reason why you're suddenly, inexplicably compelled to explore one life as opposed to another.
I broke things to get attention.
I would wish for any one of my colleagues to have the experience of working with Martin Scorsese once in their lifetime.
A voice is such a deep, personal reflection of character.
I'm not really a storyteller myself - I tend to get all tangled up when I try and tell stories.
I find it easier to work when it's quiet.
Where I come from, it was a heresy to say you wanted to be in movies, leave alone American movies.
How people are around a director, it really does affect everything, every detail of the life of the movie.
If you have a certain wildness of spirit, a cabinet maker's workshop is not the place to express it.
I'm a warrior when it comes to pursuing roles.
I have always been intrigued by these lives I have never experienced.
I come from not just a household but a country where the finesse of language, well-balanced sentence, structure, syntax, these things are driven into us, and my parents, bless them, are great custodians of the English language.
At some point in your life, if you're lucky, you get to design the way in which things evolve.
I live in a landscape, which every single day of my life is enriching.
I like things that make you grit your teeth. I like tucking my chin in and sort of leading into the storm. I like that feeling. I like it a lot.
I still relate to my father very much. I mean, I talk to him in a certain way, as we do talk to the dead.
I'd always felt very strongly in the power of vocation.
I have a strange relationship with time. I'm not aware of it passing.
My main memories of my father are of his illness.
Shoes are strange things. If you take your shoes off in a situation in which you're vulnerable, you'll feel 10 times more vulnerable.
For as long as I can remember, the thing that gave me a sense of wonderment and renewal... has always been the work of other actors.
There must've been some part of me that wanted to make my mark. But there was never a defining moment.
I avoid talking about the way I work. But in avoiding it I seem only to have encouraged people to focus their fantasies about me in an ever more fantastical way.
My preference is that, that day when someone sticks a tripod in front of you with a camera on the top, it is not day one.
Well, we all have murderous thoughts throughout the day, if not the week.
We all live under some repression; we have to, it's part of the deal.
I'm not keen on history being tampered with... to any extent.
I didn't like the idea of being foolish, but I learned pretty soon that it was essential to fail and be foolish.
Quite honestly, if I were doing work related to a living being or historical being where there was visual or audio recordings available, I would find that extremely difficult because I don't know how you would avoid the process of mimicry. And mimicry, to me at any rate, is a very dull prospect.
I've been very lucky.
I just knew at an early time in my life how important privacy was.
Germans don't speak in a German accent, they just speak German.
I'm not picky, quite honestly.
In all fields of creativity you see the result of work that has become habit. Where the creative impulse has become flaccid or has died out altogether, and yet because it is our work and our life we continue to do it.
God knows, I haven't always been successful.
It didn't occur to me that it was possible to breathe life into Abraham Lincoln.
I became conflicted in my late teens.
For about a year, I just didn't know what to do. I did laboring jobs, working in the docks, construction sites.
When I did make the decision to focus on acting, I think my mother was just relieved for me that I had finally started to focus.
There are always practical decisions to be made about any character you're playing.
I'm woefully one-track-minded.
Periodically over the years I've always taken periods of time away from acting.
I've got a serious-looking head.
Very often there's this misapprehension about actors being people that need to display themselves, to reveal themselves in public.
The one thing that I appear to have been given, bearing in mind that I am capable of being very, very scatty and extremely lazy, is the ability to concentrate on something I choose to give my time to.
It is awesome to feel you are carrying on the family name.
It's a source of great sadness to me that my father died without having seen me do anything worthwhile. He was constantly having to make excuses for me.
I hate the domestic life.
I don't feel my son should pay the price for what I do.
I never retreat from films, as it were, I simply indulge in other interests, that's all.
Films exhaust me, they do, and I often want nothing more to do with them, but I'm continually surprised at the resurgence of the impulse to come back and do it all over again.
When I do work, I feel the same sort of urgency as I ever did. If I didn't feel that, I don't think I would wish to be doing it. I wouldn't really see the point.
I'm not sure you learn anything on film sets.
I don't torture myself.
It must be hard interviewing actors.
I had a very vivid, almost hallucinatory moment in which I was engaged in a dialogue with my father.
I depleted myself to the point where I had nothing left.
A lot of guys in jail tattoo their hands.
To people who don't know me I'm defined by a number of things that people know about me that are entirely untrue.
I like to cook things very slowly.
Actors should never give interviews.
How can you be a recluse in a house full of children, even if you had the inclination to be, which I don't?
Ireland was a place for the renewal of hope and I still see it like that.
I can't re-examine work I did in the past with pride.
I find it difficult to be in rooms now for long periods of time. I can usually take it for about an hour. Then I stride out.
I don't deal at all well with the relative amount of stuff I have to face already.
I love what I do.
I suppose it's a very highly developed form of denial, but some part of me completely denies that I'm a performer.
If you remain unsettled by a piece of writing, it means you are not watching the story from the outside; you've already taken a step towards it.
I like to learn about things.
As actors, we're all encouraged to feel that each job is the last job. They plant some little electrode in your head at an early stage and you think, 'Be grateful, be grateful, be grateful.'
The West has always been the epicentre of possibility. One of the ways we forge against mortality is to head west. It's to do with catching the sun before it slips behind the horizon.
