English,Actor
Everybody knows someone like that: wonderful, attractive people full of passion and ideals. You envy them, but you know there's a dark side, which is brutal and cruel and violent. That dark side informs what's wonderful about them, and the passion and rage inform the darkness; they're inseparable.
I don't worry. I'm more stoical. Of course I have insecurities. I fear getting older. I fear death and illness. I'm not prone to depression, but I get depressed because everybody gets depressed. Suddenly I'm away from my family or doing a job I'm not enjoying.
One can only improvise what one knows.
It was so boring, and 'Dragonheart' was so unchallenging - there was no research involved or any rehearsal. So I was in my hotel room every night with no English-language TV except 'Beavis and Butt-head' at 10 o'clock every night.
The making of 'Naked' was an absolutely phenomenal, mind-bending experience. That film was life-changing and put my career onto a whole different level.
I am the sort of guy who does go to modern art shows.
And it was only released in London last week, so when I go back to England Monday or whatever, I am expecting heaps of adulation. I'm hoping there is. If that doesn't happen I will be disappointed.
I had such a nice time making it, and I can't wait to make the fifth one. The whole crew were just really, really lovely. All the costume people, the make-up girls, the kids - even my driver.
I keep myself content by doing lots of different stuff and make sure that my next role is completely different to the last. I just enjoy the versatility of it, the challenge of doing lots of different things. It keeps the job interesting.
I like tourists. I think it's nice to live in a town that people come from all over to visit.
I had no idea how one became an actor. I didn't know things such as drama schools existed. It all just sort of happened accidentally.
I could, of course, have written about the film world and the jealousy there and the frequent belief that others don't have talent. But, for some reason, it just struck me to write about art.
I don't think Alfonso was a big expert on Potter either. He was feeling his way through it more than I was.
The very best thing about doing it is seeing the reaction on kid's faces when you tell them you've done it.
Well I am afraid that I am going to die, because I have just put a down payment on a house.
Restoration I did because I really loved e novel and I like Michael Hoffman, who directed it, but it wasn't a really challenging part for me. I'm not critical of the film: I just don't think I gave a very interesting performance.
It wasn't the greatest script in the world, but not many people can say they've played a wicked king in a swashbuckling Arthurian special-effects monster movie.
I met the Coens here a few years ago and they said they liked my work.
I'd only read a bit of the first book. And I just knew about all the media furor over it. But I'd not read books 2 or 3. I'd just read a bit of it. And I'd seen the films.
Yeah, well that's the best thing about it, I think, is knowing kids and kids getting mental when they know you're in it. Any kid you meet and anyone I know tells the kid you're in it and they get short of breath.
I was still listening to the Beatles until I came here, you know.
When you do something well, this is the best job in the world.
Before Anna, I'd had a few relationships and I'm glad I've been around a bit. I know where it's gone wrong or know who are the wrong people for me and who I might be wrong for.
I'd had a relationship with a French girl, a Japanese girl, an American girl, a Filippina and she was there all the time - a Lancashire girl. I thought: 'It's a Lancashire girl I was looking for. Why didn't I realize it?'
I'd been a stepparent for about two years with a woman who had a child, and I came to realize I adored children and was good with them. So I was very happy when Anna got pregnant.
It's certainly not easy having to spend a lot of time apart, and having a five-year-old child who's got to be at school. So we need to learn how to organize our time really well because for months we will be in two different countries.
I think the most beautiful sound is a child laughing.
Trying to keep a relationship going on the phone is disastrous.
I used to write out of angst. My writing was quite miserable, quite angry, even when it was funny. It was based on this sadness and tired emotional disdain for the world.
Playing a character who becomes a Buddhist was a great experience.
In the prepping for 'Azkaban,' I read 'Azkaban' and 'Goblet of Fire.'
Most parts I've played since 'Naked,' I can barely remember who they were, let alone repeat any lines.
I like time off. I'm not a workaholic.
I really like Los Angeles. I like the weather, the openness of it, the beach, the mountains, the desert. I find it inspiring. I get quite a lot of writing done out there.
I was interested in the idea of celebrity... some very untalented people getting very successful and making a lot of money for not a lot of work, sometimes.
The oddest things happen to me. It goes in seasons. Nothing will happen for a long time, and I miss it, and I remember how these strange coincidences used to happen to me and how amazing it was, how it made me want to believe in something. A year will go by, and then a slew of them will come along, like buses, one after another.
It's a bit odd to have a daughter who sounds American.
When I'm sat in the pub with my mates, they've got their stories: Richard and Tracy have split up, they went to Arsenal and this fight broke out... My anecdotes are like, 'I was in this bar, and Michelle Pfeiffer rang, and I had wax in my ear, so I couldn't hear what she was saying...'
You become judged entirely on your ability to bring in the dollars, and the fact that none of the films I did was a huge hit became significant.
People sometimes say, 'Why do you choose a part?' and sometimes it's not that I chose it but that that was the one that came along.
I did 'Basic Instinct 2' because I had a baby about to be born, and the director said we could shoot before the due date.
'An Inspector Calls' is a British classic, and I am thrilled to be working on this beautiful screen adaptation with Aisling Walsh.
I've always tended to write comedy, but I'd hate to just write some kind of sitcom or a lighthearted series of jokes and slapstick. I wanted to talk about some deeper things within the comedy.
I would consider myself one of the least misogynistic men in the country - if anything, just the opposite.
I'm much more Buddhist. I mean, I'm not a Buddhist. I should be so lucky to be a Buddhist, a real Buddhist, but of all the things I investigated, that seems to make the most sense to me.
I kind of drifted into acting through a series of coincidences.
It's not the easiest thing to have two actors in a family.
I love being a dad.
I had grown up in a toy shop in Blackpool and then moved to London to do an acting course.
I've never been that bothered about doing stage or television. I just love doing films. With theatre, it goes on night after night.
'Naked' propelled me into a whole other league. America started calling. I went over to Los Angeles and met all those people, and I started doing a few American films of various levels of quality.
It's not my ambition to direct lots of films. I think if I direct one film in my whole life, why rush it?
I don't think its good for the soul to invest too much of yourself in technology.
