American,Actor
Most bad behavior comes from insecurity.
Most bad behaviour comes from insecurity.
When I was younger I probably didn't understand something basic about tact, but I think it kept faint-hearted people at arm's distance and that's not such a bad thing, because life is short and I know the kind of people I want to work with.
I was the all-American face. You name it, honey - American Dairy Milk, Metropolitan Life insurance, McDonald's, Burger King. The Face That Didn't Matter - that's what I called my face.
When you connect with a cause, it's like falling in love.
I had a very insightful friend who warned me back when I stopped reading scripts, 'It's easier to change directions while you're still moving.' If you stop, it's harder to get started again. I still don't think I made the wrong decision, but he was right.
A good marriage is different to a happy marriage.
I am one of the happiest people I know. And that's a weird place to have arrived at from being a depressed Jewish kid.
It's no secret that I didn't love 'An Officer And A Gentleman' then, and I certainly don't love it now, so at least no one could accuse me of being inconsistent.
I don't believe in careers. I believe in work. I'm not interested in some 'big picture that would be really good for me'.
I tend to wear outfits that match the walls.
I was never afraid of failure after that because, I think, coming that close to death you get kissed. With the years, the actual experience of course fades, but the flavor of it doesn't. I just had a real sense of what choice do I have but to live fully?
I push for what I think can be the best, and if I feel they're not going for the best, it kills me.
Just because we're on schedule is no reason to shoot bad acting. Someone once said to me, 'You're inconsiderate.' And I said, 'Inconsiderate? Bad acting is the ultimate inconsideration.' It's a collective slap to a million faces at the same time.
I do admit to being challenging, but it's always for the work, it's never personal. I will walk out on a scene if it's all lit and ready to go but it's not happening.
I used to love going on a junket and promoting a film when it was not a 24-hour news cycle, and when there weren't so many media outlets. You could actually talk about the film.
I just live in the truth and think that every moment counts.
I happen to be interested in watching a face age. I like faces of women aging so it makes me personally quite sad. That's a beautiful gift from God. If people don't want to see that anymore then I won't be in anymore movies.
Granted there are only seven stories in the universe. And I agree with that. But give me a great variation of those stories. And literate.
Show me the story. I just want to tell a story that pulls me forward.
I never thought I would start working again, and I did, but it was really hard, and I don't know that I would advise anyone to step back the way I did.
I always loved working as an actress, but I didn't understand why I couldn't just opt out of being famous. And then I realized you can, and I think I did. And eventually, I came to understand that you can do that and also keep working.
I think when it comes to Botox and surgery, actresses should do it or not do it, but be honest about their choices.
Never say never, but the thought of electively cutting oneself is beyond my grasp, and I also object to it politically. Denying the lines on our faces makes a comment about age and wisdom I don't care to make.
I think it's a little irresponsible for women who choose surgery to then say they can portray the average woman on the street, because if the average woman can't afford those treatments, then she's going to say, 'I'm 53 and I don't look like that,' and start thinking she's ugly or inadequate.
People who make lots of money at what they do should just shut up about it.
I just want to sleep, and eat, and learn about what's going on in the world.
