American,Actor
Whatever I do, I just want it to be good.
I went to school in Long Beach, and all the seniors I used to kick it with called me Pac.
'Dear Mama' is my favorite song from Tupac, man. It touches you, and I think that that's the most important thing with music.
I will say this: Rapping-wise, there has never been anybody to match Tupac's energy when coming on a song, like when rappin'. It's unmatched. You can't duplicate it.
The one thing that I'm always gonna promote is, 'Don't look at a fellow black man as an enemy.' And it's hard. It's really hard, though, when you're coming up. It's something that you have to teach yourself and learn.
This is really honest: I have to remind myself not to look another black man as a threat.
This is more in regards to celebrities. What we've got to understand is that we are the influencers of the hip-hop culture, the black culture. We are the way out, you feel what I'm sayin'? As far as who we look to and where we get stuff from - hip-hop culture is influencing the world, really, but especially the black communities.
I vowed to never be on camera down-talking another black man.
He's a layered person, so you have to tackle all the aspects of Tupac individually.
My fondest memory of Tupac is my father producing 'Toss It Up' for him when I was 7 years old and hearing that.
If you want it, and you want to get it, then you've got to work hard for it, like Tupac was working hard for it.
My father's relationship with Pac was something I was proud of.
There's so much black content on multiple platforms, and it's all getting great ratings. If you think about the Oscars snubbing 'Straight Outta Compton,' in a way, that kicked all of this off.
Being on television is a little constraining. You spend six to eight months filming, and you get stuck in that gear. I feel like doing movies is a lot more my style.
I have to say that I'm a very passionate person.
There aren't many people in the world that are as respected and loved when it comes to entertainment and as big as Pac. But the greatness that I adore the most is him as a man.
I submerged myself in his life. Before I went to sleep at night, that's what I was watching. The videos would literally be going on while I was sleep; that's what I was hearing in my sleep. I woke up in the morning, Tupac.
Black films and television are growing and getting the recognition... and the opportunities.
I was always critiquing my work. I let everybody else around - producers, directors, other actors - they give the nod of approval or the praise. Because I tried to always bring the best, so even if they were happy with it, I was still scrutinizing it.
Everybody has the Tupac that they admire. Certain people love the hip-hop person, the rapper. Strictly just the rapper. A lot of people, the newfound Tupac fans... they're into Death Row-era Tupac. But that was only nine months!
Growing up, you hear Tupac's music, it's kind of like... it goes without saying that everyone likes Tupac.
I was working - just a regular working-class guy - but, at the same time, always aspired to do music.
In 10th grade, I was kicking it with the seniors. I introduced myself, and they were like, 'Yeah, Demetrius is cool, but we're gonna call you Pac.' That was it! It could be worse!
Tupac was a person who was all about love. I feel like that's me, too; that's who I've always been.
I want to be a part of bringing people together and sharing that love.
I definitely want to keep acting now. I've got all kinds of projects I want to do.
