Irish,Actor
Life is difficult for everyone; everyone has bad days. Everyone has trouble in their life, because it doesn't matter how rich you are: Sickness and trouble and worry and love, these things will mess with you at every level of life.
Going home, spending time with the family, I feel they're my friends as well, all of them. I look forward to meeting any one of them for a coffee, and when we all get together, I just love it.
Conventionally handsome is not really where I'm at.
Everyone talks about how we're on our phones all the time, but the fact remains that when I'm away on a film set for two months, I can Skype my family. I remember the phone calls my parents had to make when my dad was away for a while when I was younger - that once-a-week expensive phone call! The time pressure on talking to your father!
The worst thing as an actor is when you're not getting opportunities to try and show what you can do; the best thing is when you get material that really lets you express something and that you're excited about.
Doesn't matter if I'm right or wrong - if I'm hungry or hot, I'm probably arguing with someone about something. Especially if that someone is rude.
As an actor, there's very little you can do if people don't want to see you. Just getting yourself into the room to audition is tough.
'Punch-Drunk Love' is my favorite movie.
Though rom-coms aren't necessarily my cup of tea, I was a huge fan of 'Notting Hill.' I laughed a lot, and the romance got to me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, time travel's a nightmare. Don't go down that path.
Portraying as human the people you hear about on the news doing bad things is dangerous. But it's also necessary and important.
I get asked to give stuff to my dad. I'm, like, 'I'm not gonna pass your script to him!' You know? My dad's my dad. I'm not his agent.
There is something wonderful about turning up every day and knowing that not just the character but the whole movie kind of rests on your shoulders. And there's great satisfaction when you think it's going well and then real terror when you think it's not.
Has anybody seen 'The Notebook' and not cried? I don't know, I don't know if that's the case. It sort of hangs around for a while.
It was when I was on stage that I realized that acting could be such a brilliant job.
Though rom-coms aren't necessarily my cup of tea, I was a huge fan of 'Notting Hill.'
I'm pleased to say I grew up in a happy family in Dublin. I feel we're very close.
My mum and my dad have really good taste in movies. My gran would tape them off the TV and write notes about them, rating them.
I'd seen my dad on stage, and that was fine, but the real excitement was - that was my dad. Even now, when I see his films, he's always my favourite person in the movie.
I'm a little bit drifty. I'm a little bit all over the place.
If there's one person in the world with whom a chemistry read is unnecessary, it's Rachel McAdams.
Most of the time, I do what I'm offered, but after I worked for it. I think I try much harder for the things that scare me and inspire me. The things that scare and inspire you are things that are different from what you did before.
I'd been very certain about not wanting to do the acting thing because of my father. I thought I'd always have the father-son thing of 'He got you the part.'
The Coen brothers are amazing; they're special.
I worked with the Coen brothers, which had been a dream of mine.
I did 'Never Let Me Go,' and there were amazing people on that. Brilliant writer, director, cast. That was quite special.
I tend to play 'tortured' a lot, whether it's physically or emotionally.
My dad said, 'If no one was giving me acting work, I'd have to be prepared to create it myself.'
I like films that are gritty and hard-hitting and suspenseful. Thrillers, too.
Two things are always happening in acting. On the one hand, it's a team sport. We're all pulling together. But on the other, you have to look after your own character. Guard their interests.
Angelina Jolie is just an extremely talented, generous, nice person to be around and to work with.
I don't go to premieres I'm not involved in.
Look at Cillian Murphy: 'Batman,' 'Tron'... those are some heavy-hitting franchises. But he works his way around it. He manages to have a great career and a great life.
I like Philip Larkin an awful lot; I really like his view on life, and I really connect to it.
I find looking forward scary because you might die.
The idea of having dreams that don't come true is really terrifying.
Normally, in a film with lots of twists and turns, half of them don't make sense; they're just there for their own sakes.
'Black Mirror,' I read that, and I had another offer for a movie at the same time that was a bigger movie, an actual film as opposed to TV, but I said, 'No, it has to be Black Mirror.' And it hadn't been sold to Netflix, hadn't gone abroad at that point - but it's just good work - that's all there is to it.
The Olympia was a really special place for me as a kid. I saw Dad perform there so many times, so it means a lot.
My father is just getting better and better, and that speaks so well of the way he approaches the work.
I watched a couple of films I was in and thought, 'Those are pretty close to what we wanted them to be. I feel actually weirdly OK with it all. I can still see flaws in what I'm doing, but I think I delivered. I think I improved the film with my presence.'
'Star Wars' is different to anything I've done before.
The whole idea with acting is that you take some risks. And if you take some risks, you're really going to mess up sometimes. But it's not OK to mess up a movie; it's not OK to do that just so you can improve as an actor. But film-making takes a little bit of risk in every department.
Fail again, fail better.
I did like 'Star Wars' when I was a kid. I saw the prequels first; I didn't see the full original films first all the way through.
In 'Cavalry,' I had one scene where I was playing a pretty awful character.
'Pale Fire' by Vladimir Nabokov was bloody hard work but really thrilling.
I like cashew nuts.
