American,Actor
I like to be at a party and be a quiet observer, be in conversation. I wouldn't say I was a class clown growing up, but I would definitely sit back in class and take snipes at the teacher.
I wasn't a great student; I was lazy. But when I was in sociology class, I listened.
Because makeup happens in my life as an actor, face wash is a key. I use La Mer cleansing gel every morning, every night, sometimes three times a day. Also, I use Bobbi Brown's Hydrating Face Tonic that you put on after you wash your face. It just rejuvenates your face. It takes away that morning face.
I'm a regular dude from Kansas who grew up with pigs and cows.
No, I'm not gay.
The most important thing for me as an actor playing a character is to make you laugh. That's my No. 1 goal.
Bringing up a child in a loving relationship is the most important thing.
My mom's passionate and energetic and very funny and enthusiastic.
When I was a kid, I wanted to be a clown. I didn't want to be an actor, I wanted to join the circus and entertain people.
I never thought I would be somewhat of a gay icon.
My dad had a retail business in Leavenworth, Kansas, and there's a whole bunch of prisons there, so it was a backdrop of my childhood, these ominous prisons sitting off the road.
Growing up, one of my cousins was an out gay man.
TV is definitely easier hours.
People don't realize how long hours are when you're shooting a movie.
Quickly you learn it's way better to have fans talking and caring about you than not.
I sort of look at music as helping me get through situations.
I have a Tinder account. Now I've done Bumble, and I've tried this other one, and the way I justified it is that... because I'm on TV, I shouldn't be eliminated from participating in what's going on in the world. But people are always like, 'I can't believe you're on a dating app!'
I've never lived in New York. I've never done a play off or on Broadway, so I think that's in my future. Have that experience - get a little apartment in the city and grow a beard and walk around with earbuds in my ears, and a stocking cap and a big giant scarf.
I took a sociology class, and I got an A in it. Then I found out you could get an emphasis in criminal justice. I wanted to be an administrator.
I got dared to audition for a play by my best friend Paul. He got cast in 'Hamlet,' and I got cast in 'Prelude to a Kiss,' and that changed everything.
I'm always open to meeting people, but I would be lying if I didn't say that my trust issues have changed because of 'Modern Family.'
All I ever wanted to do was get a great job on a TV show. When I read 'Modern Family' and started looking at what was available - I obviously couldn't play Gloria; I couldn't play Claire. When I saw the character of Cam, I was like, 'I have to have a shot at this,' because I thought it was a character that would be really fun to play.
I'm a full-contact actor, meaning that I love to act in my toes and in my fingers, and I just try to keep it surprising.
I'm an actor in that I just want to create roles and characters and play parts that people remember and like or dislike or hate.
On an animated television series, you pretty much read the script as written. Whereas on an animated feature, you'll sometimes record the same scene multiple times over the course of a year as the filmmakers continue to tweak that part of the movie.
My job was to give 'The Secret Life of Pets' production team lots of options when it came to Duke. So that's what I always tried to do.
