American,Actor
Intelligence is enormously sexy.
Each of us needs something - food, liquor, pot, whatever - to help us survive. Dracula needs blood.
My body of work means nothing to me.
The last few years have been pretty hectic.
Revelations come when you're in the thick of it, pitting yourself up against something larger than yourself.
I just feel that no matter what comes in a career - and mine has been all over the map - you must stay at the table, pick up the cards you're dealt and play them.
And the test for any actor is whether you stay at the table or go away.
Vampires are sexy to a woman perhaps because the fantasy is similar to that of the man on the white horse sweeping her off to paradise.
It's interesting to fantasize having a man sink his teeth into your neck for sustenance, knowing that it isn't going to be terribly painful but rather very exciting.
I'd always felt a man should marry later in life.
The best kind of kinky sex is to have kinky sex with your wife or husband, the person you love.
But I firmly believe that you can't be emotionally free until you are emotionally committed.
There are no taboos in bed, and there shouldn't be any taboos in bed.
I'm a firm believer in absolute honesty.
Physical qualities don't really matter much.
I grew up in a household where everybody lived at the top of his lungs.
I always signed autographs when I could and always stayed and chatted with them when I could.
However, I don't by any means suggest that I'm always playing myself.
As a matter of fact, I rarely ever play myself.
Then, for a hot three or four weeks I wanted to be a concert pianist.
But when I was seven or eight, I did my first little piece of acting.
What helped me most were my failures and slumps - when I couldn't get work, people weren't interested in me or had written me off.
The only thing you have then to believe in is your craft.
But in order to be the thing you want to be, you have to work like a dog at the thing you love.
If you're lucky as you get older, you respect the craft and it becomes a skill.
You start acting in spite of your neuroses, not because of them.
