American,Actor
You've got to go out there and do your things. Whatever comes your way, you jump on it, and like anything, that's how you get your experience.
I did 'The Grey,' and it was very intense and emotional because we're in the wilderness, and it was always 30 degrees. You kind of lose your sense of reality in the fact that you're filming a movie.
I was a wrestler. I played football, lacrosse. After high school, I got into jujitsu. I boxed my whole adult life.
I'm a believer in getting punched in the face. I know it sounds cliched, but to me, fighting is a metaphor for life.
I'm not really enamored by movie stars.
What I look for in a role is the physical. But what's the journey emotionally? Can I take this person who is this archetypal tough guy and find the beauty?
I grew up with no money. No money. I always struggled and had the sense that there was this other class of people who went to college - this was when I was younger.
Listen, 'The Purge' actually exists in some form or another in many places around the world when you think about it.
You get spoiled on 'Captain America,' where your trailer's two blocks long and it's got three bedrooms.
When you have Liam Neeson in a film, no matter how good everyone else is, it's a Liam Neeson film. And if there's wolves, and you're running, it's about Liam Neeson running from wolves.
The soap opera was so long ago - the thing about soap operas, and there's something to be said for doing it, but you do a script a day. I don't want to say it's a training ground; it really isn't, but what it does teach you is discipline.
My favorite movie is 'The Outlaw Josey Wales' with Clint Eastwood, a guy who gets his family killed by the bad guys then goes on a journey of revenge, eventually discovering himself - very existential.
A film that I love is 'Deliverance' from back in the day. You start out with these archetypal characters - the hero, the bookworm, the pacifist - and by the end, it's all turned upside down. I love that.
What people don't know is that I'm a blackbelt in jujitsu, which I've been for 20 years, and I've been boxing since I've been 15 years old - those are things that come natural to me.
