Peruvian,Actor
Hawaii is a beautiful place to bring up a family.
I mean, I do wear a wedding ring and take it off when I shoot.
I wake up every day with a smile on my face.
When I'm acting, I've always got to make it make sense to me why I do anything. Whether it's right or wrong, I've just got to believe this is the reason why I am doing this and just go with it.
Being in Hawaii, it's almost impossible not to be fit, I think.
I swim. I do a little bit of surfing. I would say I'm a beginner at surfing. I run. I cycle. I play a little bit of soccer.
I feel like I'm part of television history.
In an ideal world, I'd love to work on something that is on par with 'Lost' or better than 'Lost.'
I love my life.
'Lost' fans were fantastic fans. I've said this before, but they were rabid, and they questioned everything - they were merciless, but I loved them for that.
The viewing figures for 'Lost' were huge. I don't think the viewing figures for 'The 100' are up there with 'Lost'; hopefully, they will be.
That's the thing with 'Lost': you can put a spin on so many things.
I would like to have a 'Lost' clapper board with the numbers and the clock at the top.
I was born in Peru, and we moved to Scotland when I was 15, but I've not lived here for a long time. But I would always say that I am Scottish, and Scotland is as close to a home as I have.
I love working in TV. TV is fast. You shoot it, and it's done quickly.
I was a theater actor back in the U.K., and you knew the whole play, so you could plot your storyline and character. And then I did 'Lost' and didn't know, and it was kind of frustrating, but I enjoyed it.
I think any parent, at some time or other, has thoughts of their child dying. That's probably one of the worst things that could ever happen to a parent.
For all the creationists out there, Darwin's just an atheist. But he was actually agnostic.
'Not Another Happy Ending' is a romantic comedy starring Karen Gillan and Stanley Weber. It is about these two characters and their relationships.
I like romantic comedies, as it is a fun and light thing to get involved with.
My theatre background is probably more extensive then my film, and I have done a fair bit of television.
In film, I think that you do have a little more time to invest in the character compared to television, where you are shooting from the hip and making quick choices. It is the speed of things that is the major difference - certainly in my experience.
I love Terry O'Quinn. He's a wonderful guy, wonderful actor.
I do have to go to the gym, which I don't enjoy that much.
Coming off a show like 'Lost,' there were other offers, but it was difficult to get excited about anything because 'Lost' was such a great piece of writing and such a hit show.
When I was filming 'Lost,' we'd be in the jungle. The only thing we had to contend with was the sound of the ocean. That was it, really.
