American,Actor
I hope that my daughter grows up empowered and doesn't define herself by the way she looks but by qualities that make her a intelligent, strong and responsible woman.
I'm a ninja! I like swords and knives and stuff like that.
I've been acting since 2002, around about there.
Raising a daughter is hard work. There's no other way to describe it for me.
I'm OK with being the Old Spice Guy because before I was the Old Spice Guy I was the guy looking for work on his couch.
I think commercials are something that everyone does to get out there and get a little bit of exposure, get their feet wet, and also pay the bills. So anytime you can be a part of a wonderful, fun commercial, that's just a bonus.
Listen, I'm a big fan of everything on NBC. When I think of comedy on TV, I really think of NBC.
You know, I stopped being competitive after I played football.
Writers sometimes write things for me and I like to see what they write because I want to see what their take on my delivery is or what they think that I can do with something. So I kind of leave that to them.
I played football, honestly, to get a scholarship.
I love acting. I love performing.
I like hanging out with people.
If you have the athletic ability, why waste it in one sport?
When it comes to me, I know what I can do and can't do.
I believe there's nothing I can't accomplish.
Who names themselves 'The Situation?' I do not take myself seriously like that - not in the least bit - that would be so pretentious.
I write short stories. I write every day.
When a girl finally texts me back, that ding on the phone is like an angel singing.
People really love 'Madea' movies and get a kick out of them. They're phenomenally successful. People get excited when a new one's coming out.
I think an education is beneficial, but whether it takes an education to be successful in the arts is a whole other question.
Sorry, I'm not much of a cook.
I don't sit down and have meals too often, unless I go out for dinner.
I do date quite frequently.
What is good hair? It can be anything to anyone. Good hair is healthy hair, whatever you perceive that to be.
I'm just a normal guy.
I just like making people laugh.
