American,Actor
There's only two people in your life you should lie to... the police and your girlfriend.
My motto is: more good times.
Beer, it's the best damn drink in the world.
With my sunglasses on, I'm Jack Nicholson. Without them, I'm fat and 60.
I am a person who is trained to look other people in the eye.
When I come up against a director who has a concept that I don't agree with, or maybe I just haven't thought of it or whatever, I'd be more prone to go with them than my own because I want to be out of control as an actor, I want them to have the control, otherwise it's going to become predictably my work, and that's not fun.
The minute that you're not learning I believe you're dead.
Just let the wardrobe do the acting.
Acting is everybody's favorite second job.
Because you know, down deep in my heart, when all is said and done, I still live under the illusion that basically people think of me as an up-and-coming young actor.
Early on, if I was alone two three nights in a row, I'd start writing poems about suicide.
I sort of understood that when I first started: that you shouldn't repeat a success. Very often you're going to, and maybe the first time you do, it works. And you love it. But then you're trapped.
I think that's what distinguishes Schmidt, really. In the movies now, so much of what is appealing to an audience is the dramatic or has to do with science fiction, and Schmidt is simply human. There's no melodrama; there's no device, It's just about a human being.
I used to think that one of the great signs of security was the ability to just walk away.
I'm an actor who they said was wrinkled and balding and everything else when I was in my early 30's. Most of the people who wrote that who thought they were younger than me are now bald and wrinkled.
I've never been able to say I've been influenced by a list of artists I like because I like thousands and thousands and I've been influenced in some way by all of them.
My whole career strategy has been to build a base so that I could take the roles I want to play. I'd hate to think that a shorter part might not be available because I was worried about my billing.
A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear.
In this industry, there are only two ways up the ladder. Rung by rung or claw your way to the top. It's sure been tough on my nails.
I'm definitely still wild at heart.
If I go into a restaurant there's a very good chance that I'm going to spend my time being the mayor. If I want to have a good time, I'm happier having dinner here.
One of my school friends' parents owned a minigolf course, and a bunch of us kids would play there all day in the summer. Two-under deuces was a good score.
I always knew there wasn't going to be anybody to help me and emotionally support me, that whatever I did I'd have to do on my own.
I just like art. I get pure pleasure from it. I have a lot of wonderful paintings, and every time I look at them I see something different.
Almost everybody's happy to be a fool for love.
I'm content with the fact that I made a decent effort. That's what I've always worried about: that I wouldn't try hard enough.
I'm the last guy in the world to feel overlooked by the Academy.
In other words, I wouldn't like to be an actor if I could only be real. I like to get wild, behaviorally wild, and it's crazy to think of any form where it's just one way.
It's a slight stretch of the imagination but most people are alike in most ways so I've never had any trouble identifying with the character that I'm playing.
Most of the early part of an actor's career, you do the jobs you get.
Well, a younger woman is a type, but not necessarily a type for me. And what is a younger woman? I mean, I'm pretty old. Almost everyone is younger.
When I am cast in a movie where I feel that the woman's part is more interesting, I usually start thinking about Spencer Tracy and Fred Astaire. They seem to be the most clear actors when working with women.
We are going as fast as we can as soon as we can. We're in a race against time, until we run out of money.
When I was in high school, I earned the pimple award and every other gross-out award.
What's beautiful is all that counts, pal. That's all that counts.
There is no way you can get people to believe you on screen if they know who you really are through television.
If you get an impulse in a scene, no matter how wrong it seems, follow the impulse. It might be something and if it ain't - take two!
It's not like I'm starved for company - I have a few very good lady friends - but there's only a certain amount of times a woman wants to see you and never go out for dinner.
I would never complain about my life, even though I really would like to have a mate.
I hate giving advice, because people won't take it.
I don't think many people have a very good understanding of leisure and the importance it plays in our lives.
The camera photographs what's there.
There's a period just before you start a movie when you start thinking, I don't know what in the world I'm going to do. It's free-floating anxiety. In my case, though, this is over by lunch the first day of shooting.
I'm not a power person. I like everyone to be on an equal footing.
I like to not care that much about criticism, but I do care about it.
I've spent more time playing golf than anything else the last 18 years. Just wanted to be an 80s-shooter. Got there, too.
I wanted to be the best actor possible. I worked very hard at the craft of it.
Once I got started acting I loved it.
I'm a good friend.
The average celebrity meets, in one year, ten times the amount of people that the average person meets in his entire life.
You only lie to two people in your life, your girlfriend and the police.
