American,Actor
I lived the street life for a minute; I lost a lot of friends.
Growing up in New Orleans helped me live a real life. I experienced so many things.
Anybody who knows me knows that I'm just here to put a smile on people's faces.
I eat a lot. I'm a big sandwich dude. Turkey, mayonnaise, mustard, cheese, yes. I love craft services.
'Straight Outta Compton' is not a story we didn't know about or anything like that, but it's just something that resonated really well... It had no choice but to explode.
You can't be Eazy-E and not move a certain way, basically. So, I studied the culture of it, and also, one of my uncles is from L.A., and he's great. He was like my performance coach. He helped me get the lingo down pat. He helped me get a lot of things down pat because I would talk in that accent for 10 hours a day.
I already have two movies in the can, low-key, which are 'Vincent-N-Roxxy' and 'Keanu' with Key and Peele, which is my first comedy, and it's going to be super dope, definitely funny. They're so great, and they've been such life coaches to me.
I met Leonardo DiCaprio and Busta Rhymes the same night, on my birthday in New York.
I was the epitome of rags to riches.
I didn't know how capable I was until the people around me in acting school would say I was good.
I auditioned for 'Pitch Perfect,' and I had to sing. It was terrible.
I'm very acrobatic. I can do backflips and all that crazy stuff.
Growing up in New Orleans and just being in a poverty-stricken neighborhood gave me that same fire that Eazy had to separate himself from what could have ended up being such a bad situation.
If you get it right, it's the most grand thing you could ever do. So many people let biopics slip through their fingers, but the opportunity to play Eazy-E could change my life.
I'm from a very violent city. I'm from New Orleans, Louisiana, and it's good to see me be able to express my art, have a good opportunity for my life, make history and say something, without being violent.
