American,Actor
Theatre was my first love. I can't take the theatre out of me. And I wouldn't want to. To me, it's home.
Well, I'm a big believer in 'never say never.'
You just have to speak up. You just have to say, 'I would like to do this,' and it's amazing what people who listen can do for you.
The theater I got to do informs every move I make as an actor and will for the rest of my life. I can't shake it if I wanted to, but I don't want to.
My hiatus timeline is so minimal, there's only a select number of projects that I can go in for.
'The Big Bang Theory' has completely changed my life.
I think intelligence is usually sexy until it becomes irritating. After that, you're stuck.
My favorite sci-fi movie of all time is 'Close Encounters of the Third Kind.'
I was very fascinated with meteorology at a young age. I lived on the Gulf Coast and hurricanes blew through there. That is the class I failed in college: meteorology.
To have a job you can count on as an actor is so rare, whether that means belonging to a regional theater company or being on TV.
There's no audience to wonderfully get in your way when you're doing a single-camera anything, whether it's a sitcom or drama or film. And I do mean that in the best way.
I've always loved TV very much, and as a child I was so religious with it, but now it's more when it fits in.
I'm also a big 'American Idol' fan. I think it's just great fun.
I was very average in the social label scale going through school. I was neither the coolest person in school, nor did I suffer the slings and arrows of being made fun of to such a degree that I couldn't get through the day.
I don't think the jet-setting life is really for most people.
As a human being, you know that there are some days when you'd rather not talk to anybody - but I can't really do that anymore without appearing rude.
It's a shame, but every time I get something scientific in the script, I read up to find out what I'm talking about - but then I'm on to the next script and it's forgotten.
I was a very shy child.
I had a very strong interest in music, specifically the piano from a very small age.
I think in any form of acting, you're always well served if you've done theater.
I love seeing tennis up close.
In L.A., I have more of a yard existence, and so I enjoy walking my two little dogs in New York - one's a Maltese and the other's a Shih Tzu.
I did have a Twitter account that I tried for a couple days, but found I had nothing to say. There are some interesting facts I could share, but I don't want to share that part of myself.
I grew up with two different parakeets - one that lived for five years, and one that lived for 13 years - so I always had a bit of an attraction to birds and it's an oddly good fit to be in a movie about birdwatchers.
When I first started out in Houston, it was theater or bust. And I loved it. I still love it. And then I went to undergraduate and graduate school for acting.
My choices in projects have all been character or role-based, and on a financial level, it's obvious: as an actor on a TV series, I get a wonderful paycheck, and a consistent paycheck, which doesn't always happen when you're doing theater or movies.
