American,Actor
Always trying new things is always more fun, and it can be scary, but it's always more fun in the end.
Trophies and medals have never meant much to me. I've had amazing experiences, which let you feel like you've accomplished something.
Being funny is one of my greatest strengths. I can make girls smile when they're down, and when they're having a good time, I can carry on the joke.
Guys have a level of insecurity and vulnerability that's exponentially bigger than you think. With the primal urge to be alpha comes extreme heartbreak. The harder we fight, the harder we fall.
There are always roles that seem enticing that you can't do because of scheduling.
For me, there are worse things than being pigeonholed as the nice guy.
I got fired from being a lunch-shift bartender because I had a reading of a play.
David Foster Wallace, in my opinion, is one of the greatest writers we've ever had, certainly in the last twenty years. His obvious dominance of the English language is partnered with honest moments and the most beautifully dark sensibility.
My main focus is to always try to be myself first, and then, hey, if I wear a cool jacket, that's a bonus.
I'm a huge classics fan. I love Ernest Hemingway and J.D. Salinger. I'm that guy who rereads a book before I read newer stuff, which is probably not all that progressive, and it's not really going to make me a better reader. I'm like, 'Oh, my God, you should read To Kill a Mockingbird.'
The way the British 'Office' got away with being so dark was that it only had 13 episodes. There are realistic elements that people obviously enjoy, but they don't necessarily want to relive the trials and tribulations of their average work day.
I wanted to be an English teacher. I wanted to do it for the corduroy jackets with patches on the side. When I got to college, as I was walking across campus one day, I ripped off a little flyer for this sketch-comedy group. It ended up being one of the greatest things I've ever done.
I want to start a Dunkin' Donuts in Los Angeles. I already have the perfect location picked out. It would be the old Tower Records buildings on Sunset.
There's the push and pull you put on yourself and the push and pull the world puts on you. Most of the time, the world's going to win out, because it's just logical that you should be more successful and more motivated. You can always be more.
I was born in Newton, MA. Graduated from Brown University in 2001 with honors in English as a playwright. I attended the National Theater Institute at the Eugene O'Neill Center in Waterford, CT just after Brown. I moved to NYC in 2002 and was a professional... waiter, for 3 years.
It looks like I've been smart about it, but truly, I've been incredibly lucky to have the right people notice me and want to work with me.
To me, it seems like both 'Brief Interviews' and 'The Office' deal with characters that see themselves differently than the world sees them.
I definitely had fun being a waiter. I can't say for sure that I was a good waiter. I think that I made people have a good time.
I credit NTI, truthfully, with everything as far as where my head is and what my goals are and dreams are. I would say it was probably one of the most influential moments of my life, being there.
We can appear to be tough as nails, but guys have a level of insecurity and vulnerability that's exponentially bigger than you think. With the primal urge to be alpha comes extreme heartbreak. The harder we fight, the harder we fall.
Boston is actually the capital of the world. You didn't know that? We breed smart-ass, quippy, funny people. Not that I'm one of them. I just sorta sneaked in under the radar.
Each cast member brings their own vibe and antics to the set. You're constantly surrounded by fun loving people who can make you laugh in their own way.
I think one of the coolest things about the job is the level of trust we have for each other. The actors fully trust that the writers will write amazing episodes, and the writers trust that the actors will follow their instincts with the characters.
I used to make fun of my friends who had BlackBerries. And I know that the expression CrackBerry has been going around, but now I fully understand it. I'm actually addicted to a piece of machinery, and that's really embarrassing.
I'm really not feeling one way or the other with comedy or drama, I'm just sort of doing projects that I've been finding really fun to be a part of.
My favorite water cooler topic is fantasy football. I used to make fun of friends for doing it and now I'm obsessed.
Hearing anyone think that I'm any form of sexy or handsome is incredibly flattering.
I don't think I'll ever be comfortable being considered a sex symbol, especially after you work with someone like George Clooney.
I admire him so much; if I was ever going to have a dude-crush, it would be on George Clooney. I mean, I don't think you can avoid it. It's like a superpower - he just sucks anybody in around him.
I wanted to be an English teacher. I wanted to do it for the corduroy jackets with patches on the side.
When I got to college, as I was walking across campus one day, I ripped off a little flyer for this sketch-comedy group. It ended up being one of the greatest things I've ever done.
I'm a huge classics fan. I love Ernest Hemingway and J. D. Salinger. I'm that guy who rereads a book before I read newer stuff, which is probably not all that progressive, and it's not really going to make me a better reader.
A good part's a good part. You can play serious and funny moments with a well-written role.
All relationships are a learning experience, even ones you continue to be in. If you don't see them as that, then that's a problem.
You can never perfect a relationship, and you can never perfect yourself to be in a relationship. You're always going to be changing, and you hope it's for the better.
I've never been someone who dates all that much - I'm more of a serial monogamist.
I was one of those kids who had never seen an indie film before I got to college. If it wasn't a big, huge tentpole movie, or if it wasn't on the radio, I hadn't experienced it.
I'm that sort of weird guy who will watch a movie almost every day if I can.
I remember when I saw 'Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind,' I wanted to go out and direct a movie right there on the streets of Manhattan. Unfortunately, you can't without permits.
I love feeling strong. You pick up your daughter with ease while everyone else makes a little grunt when they pick up their kids.
I think we all get into situations where we don't know how to proceed, and those are really the scariest moments that we have, but that's also what makes us 'grow up' and learn a lot about each other.
I held down as many jobs as I could find, from being a waiter to working at a yoga studio and as a ticket-taker at a small theater company - anything that would allow me to go out and do auditions.
I've always loved those movies where somebody really wants something, and then the thing they want is right in front of them.
I was a waiter before 'The Office,' so to me, this was a winning lottery ticket. Everything about my life has changed.
Directing was a great experience, but it's terrifying to have the responsibility of carving up the other actors' performances.
Sadly, I'm one of those people who emotionally puts things off and then gets caught very blindsided at the end.
If there was ever someone to look up to, it's Tom Hanks.
I think we all have a responsibility to tell good stories.
Bizarrely, on movie sets, they don't really dig it when you look in the camera, which is a bizarre fact.
By being a waiter 100 percent, I think I was a lot like any other actor in New York. I had credits because I'd work lunches during the week, and then on a Wednesday would go be lucky enough to be in a movie like 'Kinsey.'
Growing up, I remember the 'Cheers' finale and 'M*A*S*H' and all these amazing finales, and I remember them being very, very important.
This is the time for me to step out and show that I don't just want to play the nice guy roles, and I think I'll find out what my limits are.
When people ask if I'm going to be sad that 'The Office' is over, they don't even understand the depth of that question for me. It's an era of my life. No one would have known my name if it wasn't for the show.
I always stay with my parents. When you come home, you gotta do that. It's weird to be like, 'Hey, I'm at a hotel. Drive 20 minutes to see me, and we'll have dinner.'
For me, 'Arrested Development' is the cornerstone of recent television comedy. It's so incredibly flawless and perfect.
It's funny: I've always had the analogy of a snow globe, that Hollywood is a snow globe. No, it's true. If you shake it up, you can look at it and really enjoy it. But don't ever go in. Don't ever buy into it and be like, 'I deserve all of this!' because it can go away at any time, so just have a lot of fun.
I had never taken acting at Brown to be the beginnings of a career. I always did it just for fun.
It's tough to live in New York and be in the business.
I had done one failed pilot. I remember, when it failed, I was like, 'Oh my God, how does someone survive this? That's it - that's the end of my career; it's over.'
I went to Dave Eggers with this idea of doing a movie about a guy going through some sort of Frank Capra-esque journey.
Being from Boston, I think we have to get the 'Good Will Hunting' poster tattooed on our backs when we're like 16 or 17; it's just a rite of passage. That movie is so, so, so huge.
I'm not looking to do 'Half Nelson' next, but to play anything that's a little more complex is really fun.
I planned on being an English teacher, but I don't know where that went.
