American,Actor
When people show loyalty to you, you take care of those who are with you. It's how it goes with everything. If you have a small circle of friends, and one of those friends doesn't stay loyal to you, they don't stay your friend for very long.
Be loyal to those who are loyal to you. And respect everyone, even your enemies and competition.
I'm the one person who wears the words 'hustle, loyalty, respect' on my T-shirts and merchandise. My audience is children. It's very flattering to see a kid wear your T-shirt; it's even more flattering to have a dad come up to you and say, 'I watch you with my kid. Keep doing what you're doing. You're a role model for my son.'
I have certain things that I stand for, certain things that I believe in, and if you don't like it and you tell me to go to hell, I think that's your God-given right as a fan. It's one of those deals where I'm that one guy who is outside of that realm of good guy, bad guy. I'm just me, and it elicits a response both positive and negative.
If you don't learn from your mistakes, then they become regrets.
Seriously, I grew up a fan of Hulk Hogan, and I think I bring some of his best values to the ring... the values of a superhero. Always do your best. Never give up... I think kids want to believe in that, and they should believe in that.
I don't play a character. It's totally just an extension of myself.
A relationship is based on communication.
I'm a cigar aficionado.
What I really like about 'Grit' - especially being the guy who goes on TV every week and says 'Never Give Up' and who truly tries to live his life to that credo - we recruited 16 people who said, 'I will never give up.' And the only way they can leave the contest is by doing the one thing they said they never would.
But I've been freestyling and messing around with rhyming since I was 13. That's when I really started listening to hip-hop music.
Winning the Royal Rumble is as big an accomplishment as anything.
When I hear people boo, that just makes me want to go out there and work harder.
I don't doll myself up for TV because I want people to accept me for who I am.
Every member of the U.S. Armed Forces knows what they signed up for, and they know what their job is, and they are proud of their job.
I don't have any elaborate uniforms; I come to the ring in a T-shirt, a pair of sneakers and some shorts.
People can say whatever they want about the sport of bodybuilding, but to get prepared to do a contest or even think about doing a contest, or even to get into decent shape, it requires a certain amount of discipline, and it comes from taking a new year's resolution to a lifestyle.
Paul Bearer was very influential in the early stages of my career. He constantly hounded me and I just think he realized the potential that was there. He convinced me that I was in the right place and doing the right thing.
'Tropic Thunder' is one of my favorite movies of all time. 'Blazing Saddles.' Anything that will get me to smile.
I've met fans that are 9 months old to 90 years old.
Being a pro wrestler can be kind of difficult sometimes. We have a perception about what we do - and I totally understand the perception, because we're a weekly episodic program, and we're having fun all the time, so people think that's kind of the most talented thing I could do.
Amazingly enough, athletic achievement is one of those things that seems larger than life at points. I think we all look to sport for inspirations.
I've worked my entire career to try to broaden the perception of the WWE. A lot of folks think because we're so entertaining and oftentimes have such wild and well-defined characters that it's all we are. It has kind of been my life's work to tell the public that's not true.
When you look back at your body of work, no matter what your career path, by the time you hang 'em up, if you can say, 'This place is in better shape than when I started,' then you did good.
I bring a lot of energy and passion to what I do. Plus, I've had some weird feats of superhuman strength!
The big moments for me are moments when I can actually contribute.
When you see me on TV, that's about as close to my real personality as you can get. There are a certain amount of folks who admire me, there are a certain amount of folks who don't, and I'm not going to try and change their mind. Nothing I can do will change their mind anyway, because they already have a good gauge of who I am as a person.
A lot of times, people are reserved or maybe scared of testing what your body is capable of. I'm not.
My dad is the reason I actually started watching wrestling. My dad was never big into sports; we were all big into sports as kids, and he'd go to our Little League games or whatever and not really know what was going on, because he didn't know about sports, but he knew about wrestling.
I'm not trying to brainwash my critics. If they're critics, they're critics, and that's their job to be critical, but I certainly enjoy the involvement I have with my fans. I enjoy the time I get to spend with them, and I don't waste time with someone stubborn who is not going to come around.
When you see me on TV, that's about as close to my real personality as you can get.
A lot of the stuff that I say doesn't even make TV because it gets cut out. So if you're at the live events you get to hear what I have to say, but if you're watching on TV, you're only getting about 50% of it.
I hang out with a lot of the people I did when I was in high school, when I was in college, and I have a strong unit of people around me, whether it be friends or family, and if my head gets too big, they will definitely check me immediately.
I think the way WWE Studios is going now - they're going away from action, doing more drama, more comedy - it will open a lot of people's eyes. Because a lot of people see big guy, big frame: action superstar. We've proven, especially with 'Legendary,' that that is not always the case.
My most string-beanish, I guess, is when I was 15 years old. From 15 to 16, I went from 155 pounds to 215. By the time I graduated from high school, I was between 235-250.
As a kid, what brought me in the gym, what got me in there every day was a chance to break your personal best, a chance to be strong; I just really, really dig that.
I'm the guy who'll drive 250 miles tonight and be at the gym tomorrow at 10 A.M., when people are still sleeping in. I'm the guy who'll fly to Australia and find a gym. Fly back and first thing I do off the plane is work out before I shower or eat.
I'm a small-time white kid trying to represent hip-hop. If a hip-hop artist comes up and beats me in a battle, who did they beat? A small-town white kid who ain't never been an MC, who ain't never done nothing. Now if an MC comes to battle and they get beat by a small-town white boy, that's MC suicide.
If you watch wrestling, you now know the hip-hop culture is being represented with wrestling. For the longest time, the cultures have almost been parallel.
I think the greatest hip-hop artist of all time is Jay-Z, without a doubt. He just keeps amazing me with his performance, and since '96, that guy has been producing at least one hit every summer and every winter. That's a pretty good resume.
I watch just as much WWE as almost anyone, but I love to. It's something I enjoy doing. I don't force myself to watch. I get excited for Mondays. I get excited to see the show.
Chicago fans cheer and boo who they want. They're great fans whether they like me or not. They show you how they feel. I don't like crowds that sit on their hands.
The conditioning and the lifestyle changes you have to make to remain a healthy athlete are what molded me into what I am today.
I hate any match that isn't a traditional Tag Team Match or a traditional Singles Match, because anything can happen. It's truly one of those deals where it's all about being in the right place at the right time.
I take pride in the fact that a lot of little kids dig what I do.
Entertainment is often a medium in which you can put yourself front and center.
To say Roman Reigns isn't connecting with an audience means you're not listening. I've watched a lot of Roman Reigns, and every single time I see him, I hear noise. He connects very well with our audience.
I had reconstructive pectoral surgery, I had a cervical neck fusion and a scope, and the scope was the toughest.
Blood is one of the things that made fights cool. Like, you knew it had gotten serious. I understand why we don't do it anymore.
I really, really, really love my job, so it's not like I'm trying to quit wrestling to do movies. They just all seemed like cool things to do. I mean, I'd love to be the bad guy in an action movie because then people would get to see another side of me they don't get to see.
My dad is not a sports guy but was drawn to the theatrics of wrestling.
You learn to laugh at yourself, and you also lean on comedy as a crutch to kind of take the edge off because comedians often are self-deprecating, and they cross lines that they shouldn't. Stuff like that brings a smile to my face every once in a while when needed.
My hats off to anybody filming action, because you get beat up. If I'm going to get the crap kicked out of me, I would love 15,000 people on hand to tell me that I'm doing good or I'm doing bad. So, if I'm going to be in any physical duress, I'd really like it to be in a WWE ring, which is why I was so amped to be a part of 'Trainwreck.'
There is a director for a reason, because a director knows what's best for the movie. You just give your director as much as you can to work with, and hopefully, the decisions they make are going to be great.
Oftentimes, WWE lives in its own bubble because it is forever moving. Oftentimes, a motion picture will live in its own bubble because they have a certain amount of time to get everything done. It's just, when you connect the two and get everything straightened out, truly, it may take a little elbow grease.
Being able to control a live crowd at the ESPYs, that's fun.
I graduated from college with a degree in ex-phys and kinesiology, because it was learning to work out, and I already knew how to work out. So, I just wanted an easy degree. I'm sorry but that's just the way it was.
Mark Wahlberg's, like, 150 pounds! I'm 250 lean. I look like Mark Wahlberg ate Mark Wahlberg.
The days I see a Make-A-Wish kid are the best days of the week. It's a real privilege. I give them exactly what they give me - hope.
America itself has been through so many challenges since that fateful day back in 1776. Our culture has been a roll-up-your-sleeves-and-go-to-work culture.
I guess my mission statement is now to let the world know on a global scale that WWE certainly is a wonderful form of entertainment, but its superstars are more than just superstars inside the ring. They do so much more outside the ring and have so much more to offer.
The Wonderful pistachios campaign is a great example - I don't involve myself with a project I don't feel passionate about. I could talk your ear off about internal statistics for WWE and what we have planned for the future. Why do I know that stuff? Because I like to do all that stuff.
There is no 'off' being John Cena: it's always on. In a way, I think that has helped me, because over the years I have been able to be humble. I have been able to be humiliated in front of the WWE universe in a good way.
Hip-hop certainly is in sync with the youth, and every day that passes, I grow less youthful, as much as I have tried to hold onto it.
As far as me participating in 'WrestleMania 32', the Magic 8-Ball says, 'Ask again later.'
I know there will be a WrestleMania 33 and 34 and 35. And hopefully 100.
I take a very unselfish approach to my job and what I do because people spend their hard-earned money to enjoy what we do. And our goal is to deliver the best show possible. If I can contribute to that, great.
The 'Sisters' phenomenon was a byproduct of the 'Trainwreck' deal. I had to do the normal auditioning process for 'Trainwreck'. I was extremely nervous for it, because you plan for this one event, and you get the opportunity.
When I was first starting to achieve success in the WWE, I got to be surrounded by the last class of true greats, and they all had little tips and secrets. You learn a lot from watching somebody work.
I opened the script to the 'The Wall,' and 15 minutes later I was done with it, and I loved the movie and wanted to be part of it.
With any of the movies I've had a chance to do, or any of the TV shows I've had a chance to contribute to, people approach me and say, 'Hey, would you like to do this?' I laugh out loud and say, 'Yes, that'd be funny.' Or, I'm very moved by what I read and say, 'Yes. How can I help you?'
I think with any challenge or any matchup, I can have my own personal feelings of what I want, but it really all depends on our audience. Our job is to give them the best entertainment that we feel is right. If it's something that they want to see, they'll be loud and vocal about it, and we'll do it.
Undertaker certainly is a cornerstone of WWE, and just as I say to myself that I really would have liked to been able to get to know and certainly get in the ring with Andre the Giant, just because of all the respect and folklore that went around with Andre, I think The Undertaker has that same sort of respect and folklore around him.
I've got my eye on Big Cass and Enzo Amore. I think they ooze everything that it takes to be a WWE superstar. They have so much energy. Those guys and the Vaudevillains are the guys I've been tipping my cap to on the viewership side.
WWE is really focused on empowering the women.
Being so doopity! It's awesome. And I think it's just one of the reasons that people should get hitched on with the WWE Network. It's more than just these network specials like 'WrestleMania' and like 'SummerSlam'. It's programming geared for the WWE universe.
Regardless of the perception that the talent may have or the Superstars may have, WWE's business model is 'give the fans what they want.'
I really, really want the WWE to be able to perform on a regular basis in China. I think we should be able go to India on a regular basis.
I don't know why ESPN asked me to host the ESPYs. I think that they realize we, over at WWE, can engage a live audience. We certainly have an enormous following.
I've always been a fan of Derek Jeter. Guys that consistently, throughout a long-term career, that not only have success but are very aware of their situation - I really dig that.
I love traveling the world, meeting new people, and letting WWE fans know that the champ is out doing his thing and trying to spread the good word of WWE. I love the feeling of being the ambassador for the company.
Nothing gets my blood pumping like a little Animotion.
Just like I have my critics, Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson has critics, and I was one of the biggest 'Hey man, you're never here' guys around, but not anymore. He's completely committed to WWE.
My life is with WWE.
I think you can check out 'Monday Night Raw' and watch any 'U.S. Open Challenge,' and my actions speak for themselves.
I can't believe I'm actually saying this, but there is a difference between the John Cena character you see on television and me as a human being.
A role like I had on 'Parks and Rec,' to me, is very easy to understand, and that's something that I can do with my eyes closed.
With comedies, it's been very gratifying to be able to clock in, laugh all day, and then clock out.
Believe it or not, I like the 'Rumble.' It's extremely unpredictable and over-the-top. Everyone in the WWE universe looks forward to it. It becomes that one event each year where people center around.
WWE has a very strong affiliation with Make-A-Wish, and we can provide a great experience. It's extremely flattering that for one wish, a family would like to hang out with you. There's nothing more flattering than that.
The only time I ever get choked is when I'm at Make-A-Wish headquarters, because you're talking and working with people who share the same ideals.
I really want to thank the whole Phoenix-Scottsdale-Glendale area. It's been a wonderful home for WWE for years.
I'm going to be wrestling for as long as I can. It's something I'm very passionate about and something that I love.
The ESPYS are about appreciating moments in sports and not looking down on it because it's maybe not your favorite athlete or your favorite team.
There is only one Dwayne Johnson. What Dwayne has done is absolutely fantastic. He had a vision when he was here at WWE. He promotes like a mad man. We'll see how I do with John Cena before I can be mentioned in the company of Dwayne Johnson.
There will be a time when I won't be able to perform in the ring.
My favorite anime movie is 'Fist of the North Star'.
I play golf once in awhile. I certainly love to train. I'm also a big fan of NASCAR and Japanimation.
I got a bunch of my own, but my favorite signature move of all time is Ric Flair's Figure Four Leglock.
I know my way around the WWE. I know at least a little bit about everything and our business model, and I feel comfortable there, although I still learn every day.
I can't tell you how many times I would call and text my boss, Vince McMahon, on the set of 'Sisters' and 'Trainwreck' and anything else like this to thank him for over-preparing me for this.
I think that the potential of Total Divas and female athletes is that the sky is the limit. People want to know about these women, and in the WWE, we call it the Divas Revolution - it's a movement for women's empowerment.
I have a Chevy Impala that I roll around in and a '89 Jeep Wrangler, which is the first car I ever bought. It has 180,000 miles on it, and that is my daily whip. I take that everywhere. Don't forget where you came from, that's why I'll never get rid of that Jeep.
First thing you have to understand is that freestyling is much different than making hip-hop music: there's another whole element to being a hip-hop MC.
I'm big into the PlayStation 2. From what I've heard, the Xbox is the better system, but I can't get used to that controller.
I think Edge has completely put himself on the map as a bona fide WWE superstar.
I used to like to see The Millionaires versus The Hulkamaniacs. That team versus team atmosphere where you have 10 guys or 8 guys, and it comes down to 3-on-1 - that got exciting for me.
I'd rather be in the ring, 10 times out of 10.
Hulk Hogan slamming Andre the Giant. I remember watching WrestleMania with my family and friends on TV... 93,000 people in the Silverdome. When Hogan picked up Andre, I got goosebumps.
You often hear when you talk to guys in our industry, that this is my personality, I just turn the volume up, but over the years, I've really become me. No volume turned up, no nothing. I've been able to go out there and just be myself. It's through solid performance after solid performance that people just take you for who you are.
The coolest thing to me, and especially now that our program is PG-friendly, and we advertise that to the hilt, but fathers and mothers come up to me and tell me to keep doing what I'm doing because I'm a good role model for their kids.
For me, to get any match is fine. For me to be thrown right into the mix and be named No. 1 Contender for the World Heavyweight Championship is a blessing.
As a company, the best that we can do is not only penalize but rehabilitate. Speaking for myself, I've always been strong. I don't need that club to put in my bag. This is a choice of the athlete, not the sanctioning body. We do substance abuse testing, impact testing, cardiac testing, so we try to sniff out these problems before they even start.
I don't think my body's gonna go to hell if I train for performance. It might change a little and adapt, but I like being strong.
My favorite city is anything close to home. Anytime I can sleep in my own bed, that's a good one.
I was always training for appearance rather than performance.
