British,Actor
I fall in love with contradictions without understanding. I can't really portray them unless I do. So in a roundabout way I have to fall in love, it's my duty. If love is about understanding and understanding is compassion and compassion is love, I have to have compassion towards the world.
I've got a vendetta to destroy the Net, to make everyone go to the library. I love the organic thing of pen and paper, ink on canvas. I love going down to the library, the feel and smell of books.
I love life. I'm fascinated by human behavior because that feeds back into my work.
Give me a sword fight any day.
I think academics are infuriating. For every expert on Shakespeare there is another one to cancel his theory out. It drives you up the wall. I think the greatest form of finding out the truth is through fantasy.
From the age of about five to twelve I was very bad, a hideous little terror who beat people up. I was a member of the Rough Gang - we went around and terrorized all the pupils in school.
I love new writing, new blood, modern works by unknown writers.
I don't know what my limitations are until I reach them. I look for the challenge.
I think everything I do is my early work. I can't wait to get on to the later stuff.
It all felt like a terribly long time. It would have meant that I had to make five movies in five years and if you don't like the movies, too bad. I guess I just wanted my freedom, and I think my life has been incredibly enhanced as a result.
But it's a strange thing when people judge you because you're not doing some big Hollywood film. Are you suggesting I should be in 'The Dukes of Hazzard?' I mean, hello?
I can only put myself in the process and try to learn through the process. Sometimes it will go well and sometimes it won't.
There are always going to be times when it doesn't flow as much as you were hoping. So of course I'm going to fail. And when I do fail I hope I fail better and better, again and again. I am happy to fail.
You know what? Joy is the only guide. I'm going to have fun regardless.
There is a bit of me if I'm pushed in one way I might bounce back and go the opposite.
The great thing about films is that you have access to this whole world of experts who teach you the skills your character's supposed to have.
