British,Actor
I'm not that lazy, but I don't need that much money. I lead a fairly simple life.
I'd rather live in a cave with a view of a palace than live in a palace with a view of a cave.
Being honest with you, it's not the 'great' wall of China. It's an all right wall. It's the 'All Right Wall of China.'
If you sit in a bath of pineapple chunks, it can kill you. That's well documented.
I had a bad experience doing public speaking at school. I had to talk about a pen for five minutes and it was really hard work. I couldn't wait to get off the stage.
People eat duck and you think, well, we've got loads of chickens, leave the ducks alone!
I really can't believe what a state the Pyramids are in. I thought they had flat rendered sides, but when you get up close, you see how they are just giant boulders balanced on top of each other, like a massive game of Jenga that has got out of hand.
People who live in a glass house have to answer the door.
I'm not a proper traveler. I don't like to be challenged or have too much of a change and prefer a week away just to relax.
We'll all die out eventually. Humans will be gone. And all I'm saying is, when people worry about polar bears disappearing or whatever, it's like, 'Well that's life, things will come and go, we'll find new species.'
People always tell me I'm going to regret not having kids. But what if I have one and then I regret having it? Has anyone thought of that option?
A slug is always on its own. It's a lonely insect.
Who'd have thought the Frisbee would have caught on?
They say it all started out with a big bang. But, what I wonder is, was it a big bang or did it just seem big because there wasn't anything else drown it out at the time?
Parrots have gone a bit quiet since pirates have gone.
It would be spiteful to put a Jellyfish in a trifle.
Everyone is living for everyone else now. They're doing stuff so they can tell other people about it. I don't get all that social media stuff, I've always got other things I want to do - odd jobs around the house. No one wants to hear about that.
I've never understood the 'things to do before you die' idea. If I was ill, I'd be in no mood to have a swim with a dolphin.
I've got loads of nieces and nephews.
It's not a joke: I really do like being at home.
I just sort of go along and say what I think -and that's all you can do in life, really.
I am into nature and seeing whales. I went whale-watching, and I was really looking forward to that, but when you see it on TV and you see other programs do it, you're seeing close-ups of these massive creatures, and the music that's added gives you a certain feeling.
I'd say the best is when I was in Africa, I saw a hippo in a house. Someone had a pet hippo. And they're meant to be one of the most dangerous animals on the planet, and they had one that was sort of just wandering in and out of their house, just sort of roaming about.
Yesterday, I did some painting then went out to buy an onion and came home and watched 'University Challenge.' The onion was probably the highlight.
It's like there's some unwritten rule that if you're mates, you can say what you want to each other, and you don't really get that annoyed about it.
The poorer people and criminals of Mexico who are not very religious but not quite atheists, either, worship Saint Death.
I've never won many awards, I didn't get certificates for swimming or anything.
Me mum used to always have the radio on - even now she has it on in every room. Me girlfriend sort of blames that reason for me not doing that well at school - constant noise, really.
I drive a car, like an adult. Not brilliantly. I'm not great.
I was impressed by the Taj Mahal. A good bit of work, well looked after, worth paying money to see.
Chinese people age overnight.
I don't know any Londoners 'cos I'm from Manchester.
When you've been on a programme called 'An Idiot Abroad' job offers aren't exactly flying in.
You know, when you're a producer, you're a bit of a lackey. You're just making cups of tea and making sure they've got newspaper, stuff like that.
Comedy's really subjective, you know.
If you'd have told me five years ago that I'd have done all this - two books, some television and everything - I'd panic, I'd be scared.
But I'm not an idiot. At the end of the day, I've learned a lot.
To me, a cat is an easy pet, they don't need any spoiling or looking after.
When I go on holiday and people ask me what I do, I tell them I do some internet stuff and I've done a couple of books and I hope they just leave it at that.
I say have the night and give people the awards, but why do people want to watch people win awards? What are they getting out of it? I don't quite get it. Because they have awards all the time; there's awards for butchers, the best meat served, but they don't televise it. I don't know why they do it for films or TV programs.
At the end of the day, teachers aren't going to mess about trying to make me into an Einstein, 'cause it was never gonna happen. We can't all be brainy, can we? That's just the way the world is.
I've never thought about it before, but I suppose bad people might need someone to pray to, too.
If you go away with, you know, a girlfriend, wife, whatever, you have an argument on holiday because you're not used to spending that much time with people.
I've learnt that, even though I've travelled about, I haven't changed that much.
Comedy's really subjective, you know; that's why it's so hard.
I don't know what 'famous' is, really.
I don't know what I'm meant to do. I'm not important, am I? I'm not doing anything that makes a difference.
Making the 'An Idiot Abroad' series, I was really dreading going to India; I thought I'd hate it. It was a nightmare, and I was really ill - just like everyone says.
You can only live to be so old, then you gotta let go.
I don't want to go about offending people; that's not my plan.
It's not easy keeping a diary. You have to be pretty committed.
We should all love animals.
With acting, I didn't get much from it.
I don't really go out at night in terms of noisy, busy places; I prefer more of a quiet corner somewhere.
