American,Actor
Believe me, I've taken a lot of heat for my mustache.
Nowadays, if you have a mustache, people look at you like you're crazy. But when I was growing up, I never saw my dad without a mustache.
If you discuss other people, words get twisted; things get turned around.
That's the thing - I've never really been single. I always end up in a relationship immediately.
I was a homecoming king in high school! I was involved. I was a good member of the community, I thought.
My agent hates my directing career!
I'm proud of where I'm from. I'm proud of Long Island.
The truth of the matter is, I'm a filmmaker.
The thing that everyone liked about 'Entourage' is that these are fish-out-of-water guys living this dream.
There are people who didn't like 'The Departed,' you know?
As an actor, there are so many different people to hide behind.
I've always thought the expression 'passion project' was kind of a cliche until I started working on 'Big Shot' for 'ESPN.'
I've always said, 'Besides Kiefer Sutherland, I talked on a cell phone more than any other actor on a TV show.'
I've been acting for 30 years. It's a grind.
Nobody would ever, ever get even remotely lippy about the Islanders with me, or there'd be bloodshed on the set of 'Entourage.' Everybody knows that you don't even go there.
I live in L.A. and love L.A., and you couldn't drag me out of there kicking and screaming.
It's amazing what we remember as sports fans, right?
I did host the Jim Rome show with Jerry Ferrara for three hours when he was on vacation. Three hours is a long time. Think about how long that is. It was tricky, but it was a great experience.
If you know the filmmaker is good and the leading actor is a movie star like Diane Lane, you know you're part of something great.
I've been very supportive of the Islanders. I'm at every home opener.
Growing up, 'Newsday' was the paper that was delivered to my doorstep every day.
I'm a big Clive Owen fan.
James Woods is great. I actually did a movie with James Woods in 2000: 'John Q.'
Stories always seem to get better with age.
James Van Der Beek and I go way back. We were in the movie 'Angus' together in 1994 or 1995, so I've known him for a million years.
It's funny because Hollywood is such a small place that everyone really is less than 6 degrees of separation.
