Irish,Actor
Winterfell is atop of this huge mountain in Northern Ireland, and you can see all these weather fronts coming in. Basically, the sky circles the mountain. It's the most beautiful place.
I've had dogs all my life. I'm a huge animal lover, especially dogs, so that's one of the hardest things about being away all the time. I really miss them, but my mum does a really good job looking after then when I'm gone.
I don't see the benefit in giving yourself a belief system that allows you to judge other people.
Although I have been performing in all sorts of ways and roles since childhood, 'GoT' is my first proper venture onto the screen.
I'm a massive 'WoW' nerd, and gamer in general.
I think that's why 'Game of Thrones' is such a watercooler talking point: because there are these moments that are beautiful and terrible at the same time.
There's no one else like Hodor on 'Game of Thrones.' There's no other character with that warmth, humanity, and a little bit of comic relief.
To play this iconic character from this historically wonderful series of books - who wouldn't take that opportunity and be happy about it? I'm happy to be Hodor forever.
In all honesty, when you talk about 'the gay community,' you are talking about my community, haha.
I remember the first single I ever bought. I think it was a terrible song called 'D.I.S.C.O.' by a band called Ottawan. It's a really fearless disco track from the '70s or early '80s.
I was always into classical music and opera because I played the piano as I went through school and was very interested in Andrew Lloyd Webber musicals and stuff like that. That changed into heavy metal at around the age of 14 or 13, and I dropped the piano and started to play the guitar.
I played with local bands and ended up touring with Scissor Sisters, Mylo, Alphabeat, and Calvin Harris. That somehow changed into DJ'ing.
I don't really make a distinction because when I'm acting, I feel like an actor, and when I DJ, I feel like a DJ, and when I play the guitar, I feel like a guitar player. I don't know which I prefer. I think I just like to perform, in some way or another.
I've never hidden my sexuality from anyone - my whole life, in fact - and I've been waiting for someone to ask about it in an interview, 'cause it's not something you just blurt out.
I had an upbringing to respect other people's privacy and their right to be and choose what they want, and I expect - no, demand - no less for myself.
I always have to have the new gadgets and stuff when they come out. I'm not really interested enough in learning how they work.
I have to have everything. I have to have iPads. I've had I think every generation of iPod. I've had all the consoles at least once; I've had some of them twice. I get them and get fed up with them and get rid of them.
With 'World of Warcraft,' I like the potential for wasting time.
I sorta worked out a few years ago that one of my favorite things to do in 'World of Warcraft' is look for things, to just spend the time flying around searching.
I would relish a role that really shows a bit of background into how the bad guy got the way he is... a little more complex than cackling behind a hooded cloak.
I could never see myself playing a goblin or gnome, without some serious CGI at least!
I've been thinking if 'GoT' would lend itself easily to an MMORPG. I mean, it certainly has the background and incredible storylines for it, along with some pretty huge characters to hinge the story around.
I did a music festival in France. I'm not going to name names, but there were bigger bands and DJs on before me, and throughout their set, all I could hear them chanting was 'Hodor!' And I was, like, 'Oh, please stop! It's so disrespectful to the other acts!' In a way, obviously, I loved it, but it was kind of embarrassing at the same time.
I don't see why people are so concerned at what other people do behind closed doors or in their lives.
Of course I have had thoughts about going into politics.
I just don't see why people are treated differently or with a different set of rules. It's just wrong.
I think if everyone had a little more Hodor in them, it'd be a nicer world.
I never stopped DJing through the entire 'Game of Thrones' process. I never saw the need to stop because I do love it so much.
I play music for people all over the world. It's a huge privilege.
When I started 'Game of Thrones,' the first three seasons, I still DJ'd every night before I went on set. I'd finish DJing at 3 A.M. and have to be on set at 5 A.M.
I keep explaining this to people: I can do more than one thing.
I'm not saying I'm the bee's knees. But I am a legitimate musician.
Most of the clubbing I did was gay clubbing.
I recognise that, while I was fortunate enough to grow up without any discrimination or stigma attached at all, other people haven't been so lucky.
I had actually sent an audition tape for Simon Pegg's movie 'Hot Fuzz,' which came to nothing. Four years after the film released, out of nowhere, I got a call saying the producers of 'Game of Thrones' wanted me to play Hodor after they had seen that particular tape.
I wanted to be a guitar player.
I have and always will stand my ground.
I get 'Hodor' tweeted at me a lot.
I actually started off - believe it or not - doing drag. I travelled the world because I was a completely off-the-wall drag artist.
When I was 13, my mum knew that I was gay, and she just always knew.
I've never given a damn. A seven-foot man who dresses as a woman as a job is not interested in what other people think.
I don't really see myself as a celebrity.
The Raves of Thrones parties started in Australia and has since spread all over the world. However, no one does it like the Aussies.
My first musical dream was to be a guitar player, and believe me, it's still in there.
I was a total metal-head as a teen. I still love it, too.
This is what really makes me happy: the whole story of 'Warcraft' and the lore behind it.
I'm quite investigative. Believe it or not, my mum and dad were in the police, and I sort of like to read into things and stuff.
I have no difficulty with career duality!
I love 'Tron.'
I saw what religion did to people when I grew up, and I certainly didn't want any part of it. That turned me off it.
I think a lot of problems in this world would stop if people could stay out of other people's business.
What I've always done is be positive and do what I do.
I never thought people would be remotely interested in my silly little life, but I'm really glad that they are.
I always say, the darker the scene, the more fun it is.
