American,Actor
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
I really love to ride my motorcycle. When I want to just get away and be by myself and clear my head, that's what I do.
If you're not really having a good time, it's not worth it.
I do like to cook; I'm sort of a mad scientist in the kitchen.
What I do is not rocket science, but I sure do love it.
Everything moves a little quicker in Los Angeles.
I think that sense of humor is important in marriage. A sense of humor gets people through marriage.
What, am I supposed to run around in a little red cape and save the world?
We run into some pretty tough arguments sometimes, but the idea is that at the end of the day, my wife and I realize that we'll always be holding each other's hand. This is a lifelong relationship, and after 12 years she hasn't gotten rid of me yet.
I love the institution of marriage, and I love my marriage.
Austin is such a free and creative place, but I can't enjoy it as much because everyone I love is back in L.A.
My wife, she likes to have things uncluttered, and if something is missing, then one has to be very careful not to ask her if it was thrown out - you have to ask her simply where it might be.
I can gab with pretty much anyone.
I've stopped racing to get to the red light.
Look, isn't there any way you can just stamp me as not crazy and let me get outta here.
The only reason anyone ever called me a hero is because I get this paper, here.
I don't think I had a script on 'King Kong.' But usually you read a script and then you go and audition for it. It's rare when there's no script. I sort of like the latter better, because I'm more successful at it.
I always treat all the jobs I do as an acting class.
I did play two years of high school football and was very short and uncoordinated but the second year I was very tall and skinny and very uncoordinated.
We ended up moving out to Texas. We live outside of Austin. We've got a couple horses, we've got three miniature donkeys, we've got four dogs. Miniature donkeys are very warm, loving animals.
Oh, man, if in real life I was as cool and suave as Coach Taylor and had all the answers, things would be easier.
One way I differ from my character, Coach Taylor, is that I never would have taken this faraway job without my wife's consent.
I grew up in Chicago, so I've always been a Bears fan. Dad used to take me to Bears games and Cubs games. My brother used to ride me over to Lake Forest College on his Honda Supersport and we'd watch the Bears practice. I remember those guys out there as monsters - they were the biggest things I've ever seen!
I was never upset that I did not get an Emmy. That I did get an Emmy nomination, I couldn't be happier and prouder.
I love playing a role where I think I'm right and then you learn you're not. And it's what you do with that information.
High school was interesting, because I went from a public school middle school to an academy where the first year we were doing Latin, chemistry, biology. I mean, I was woefully unprepared for the type of study.
