American,Actor
Sixteen is a hard time. A lot of kids are experimenting with things.
I'm so sick of seeing these movies where married couples are just cuddling on the couch and caressing each other's faces.
I don't take anything at face value. I always look for the reasons people are the way they are.
I've always surrounded myself with funny people.
I'd never want to go back to being in my twenties or thirties. I was lost and confused and uncomfortable in my own skin.
Women do not like CDs of live music. We only like the original recordings. If a song sounds different from the version we fell in love with, then it's awful.
Everything is so chaotic. My nervous system can't handle it. I need my peace, so, every once in a while, while the kids are at school, I lie in bed, close the curtains, watch television and eat food.
Auditioning is so nerve-racking.
I have lunches with my girlfriends, who just turned 40, and some of those lunches, we're crying and screaming about our husbands, saying we want to leave them and run away. And then, other lunches, we're fine and love our husbands and are happy with our lives.
I'm pretty much game for anything.
My mother married three times. My dad is... I don't really have one. I mean, he does exist, but I have zero relationship with him.
I didn't think, 'I want to do dramas or I want to do comedies' - I wasn't clear in that way.
When I was 9, my parents let me take a cab to the mall all by myself. I had hardly any money to spend, but I did have a very specific list of things I wanted to do: buy cookies and sit on the furniture at Sears.
I've always been intrigued by the supernatural.
I bring a poofy gray down jacket with me wherever I go. It's meant for winter, but I use it most in the summer, when everyone cranks up the air-conditioning.
I'm terrified by speaking in front of people!
I like dark humor. My favorite movie of all time is 'Harold and Maude.'
I like more grounded comedy. I enjoy broad comedies also, but I like Shirley MacLaine.
When I started auditioning, I'd take any audition I could get. The more dramatic ones didn't go as well as the comedic.
I don't understand why people think it's harder to do drama than it is to do comedy.
Along with age comes more confidence, so it kind of works out.
Men. We love them. We respect them. But we rarely get to objectify them.
Megan Fox is so funny.
Don't assume I have everything figured out... I get as confused about life as everybody, and sometimes I think I'm just hurtling through the world without a plan at all.
I feel very protective of younger actresses, because it was so hard for me in the business.
I'm very comfortable when I'm working; I don't hold back at all.
