American,Actor
To be a champion you must act like one, act like a champion.
Bodybuilding saved my life because I overcame the nerd stage. I got picked on. I was fascinated with power, and then I decided to take that direction because I knew that would make me feel good about myself.
It's funny how sometimes how the public some people think I was born like this. That I maybe I sleep and I do big muscle, but its a lot of work to look like this and to be in this kind of condition.
I know right a way there's a person that's very insecure; that he's trying to out do me. And, ah, like I was saying before, if you give one-hundred percent of your best, and you may have fault, but there is nothing you can do, because you gave one-hundred percent.
Pumping iron is not what it used to be. It doesn't have the personality it used to. When we started out, people who worked out had nothing. Now there is so much money involved; back then it was the love of the sport. We appreciated what we have. Today it's not the same.
The attitude is very important. Because, your behavior radiates how you feel.
I have a tremendous passion for fitness, I love challenges and I am a very driven guy.
If you are going to try and hide something, sooner or later people are going to find out.
The Hulk was a unique character because of his strength and power. He doesn't have a costume like Spiderman or like Superman - The Hulk is more visual. His passion and his strength, that is what separates him from anything else.
The truth is, I've been the Hulk my whole life.
I never think about losing.
You are going to have bad days and have good days.
Computers can bully us. A slow and unreliable system will bring even the toughest soul to their knees as they find themselves completely defenseless against the erratic whims of their rogue machine.
'The Hulk' was the beginning of me, a platform as an actor to grow.
I don't think anybody else can play the Hulk like I could. I was able to show emotions even with all of the makeup. I don't think it can be duplicated.
Close to birth... I lost, like, 80 percent of my hearing, and I had difficulty speaking.
There is no excuse for anyone not to train three times a week. People want to look fat. Anyone can change their mind if they want to. It's all about motivation.
I have a lot of anger about my childhood - being hard of hearing and my relationship with my father.
I like to be home every night with my family.
I think Eric Bana would be a good Superman. He's got that look. I think he'd be a great Superman.
I train a lot of people on the side as a personal trainer, but I still work out myself to keep in great shape.
When I work out, I wear two in-the-ear hearing aids for comfort, and then I wear the behind-the-ears for my day-to-day non-physical activities, when I need maximum hearing and to communicate with people and do interviews!
Anytime I do a movie or a TV show, I make them aware of my hearing loss at the beginning, and that makes it much easier for all of us to communicate and get the job done.
I'm a Republican. I may go into politics myself.
I've been involved with law enforcement for some time. My father was in law enforcement. I went through the training for Homeland Security. I enjoy it very much.
I have always had an ambition to do 'Dancing with the Stars.'
