Welsh,Actor
I think the Cold War works as a great analogy or simile for different kinds of conflict. It's funny, when you look back at it, it's one of the last times that the boundaries were clear. Now, as we see on 'Homeland,' there are no clear boundaries and enemies.
As for waxing, I've never waxed in my life and I never would. I'm extremely Welsh, so I draw the line at removing body hair.
In my head, I think I'd make a perfect spy, but in reality, I don't think I'd fare very well.
I would absolutely love to go back to the simplicity of the '80s, where there wasn't texting, social media, iPhones, or smartphones. I love the fact that you would go home and check your messages. I'm not well suited to the world of modern technology.
I thought maybe I'd be a farmer. That was another silly notion. I think I'd last about five minutes, being a farmer.
I call Sally Field 'America's Mother!' She is incredible to watch.
Well, it's a little harder in New York. It's not as forgiving to a film crew. You hold up a bunch of New Yorkers who can't cross the street, they're not going to take it well. Southern California? They'll wait. It's cool man. In New York, they're like, 'Are you kidding me? I gotta get to work.'
I've suffered from an identity crisis my entire life. It's why I went into acting.
I still dream about that one opportunity where the Welsh Rugby Union call me up and say, 'We need you.' There is an incredibly talented Welsh hooker called Matthew Rees, so maybe some incredible quirk of misfortune for him would mean I get called up instead.
I have very fond memories of the '80s; they were very formative years for me. I certainly remember the Cold War. It was a closer doorstep for the Brits than the Americans, so it was a very real and palpable threat at the time.
I absolutely loved my time at 'Brothers & Sisters,' what I learned and everything that went with it. It was an incredibly formative time for me.
Within the microcosm of a film you get drawn to people. There are certain projects you care enormously about, and 'The Edge Of Love' was one because I was portraying a great hero of mine, Dylan Thomas.
I think my mother would be very happy if I found a nice Welsh girl.
I lost a dear friend of mine from a rugby injury at 26. We don't usually deal with mortality at that early age and it's given me an appreciation of time, of trying to fit everything in.
There's such a unique humour in Wales that I just love and miss in Los Angeles.
I was shocked by the amount of Welsh people in L.A. We'd go to this British pub to watch the 'Six Nations' early in the morning and I remember the first time I walked in it was just a sea of red.
I wasn't one of the cool kids by any stretch. I just bumbled along really.
In my twenties, I thought I was Robert De Niro and I invested all of myself in my acting. But, as I've got older, I've calmed down a bit. I've thrown my game plan out of the window.
I've realised that nobody's going to die if I don't get it right and that there are a number of things out there, beyond acting, that are very interesting and fulfilling.
We're sometimes treated like the stupid cousin, so I'm always drawn to characters that make you feel good about being Welsh.
It's weird how your perspective changes. At the start of your career, you think, 'I just want to do cutting-edge work that makes people think.' Now, I would do a blockbuster in a heartbeat.
I've aged. 'Patagonia' has robbed me of a decade of my life.
I first went to the Chubut valley, the colony that runs about 800km across the width of Argentina, in 2000. My uncle had been there tracing family and came back saying I had to go. So a year later I did.
At home I can become lazy and if a Welsh word is really long, I just replace it with English.
I do like to keep my private life to myself. But then again, I don't really get up to much.
I've done a number of projects where people go, 'This is your breakthrough role,' so I've stopped thinking that.
