American,Actor
People will speak slowly to me sometimes. And they always ask me if I'm all right, because I'm much more low-key and reserved than my character in 'Friends'.
You always question people's intentions. That may be a combination of having money, having fame, and being a little older.
I find the earth to be a place of misery in which I am surrounded by the conformity that kills society.
I keep waiting for the roof to cave in. I was raised to follow the Golden Rule, you know, treat people the way you wish to be treated. That's kind of the way I live my life. Maybe someone up there likes me for that.
I believe that laughter is the best emotional Band-Aid in the world. It's like nature's Neosporin.
I remember when my daughter, Marina, was born. The second I laid eyes on her, I was in love, and I had never felt that way before. I couldn't believe it.
The way I look at it, everything is a trade. You acquire some money, so then you've got no financial burdens, but everyone wants your money and so who can you trust? Or you've got no money and you can trust anyone, but then you've got the worry to pay bills. Which is worse?
I could build and roof a house, though electricity is not my thing.
I don't like silk underwear. They don't do the job, you know?
Misery is manifold. The wretchedness of the earth is multiform.
The more cynical you become, the better off you'll be.
As an actor, the biggest compliment you can get, in my book is for someone to believe that you're the character.
I am not bisexual. I am not gay. I have never had sex with men.
In comedy, you have to be unafraid to hang from the tree branch naked in the high wind and you have to be absolutely unafraid to look ridiculous and silly.
This whole acting thing was always just for me and was always an absolute shot in the dark. If it didn't pan out, I had my hammer and tool belt, banging nails again tomorrow if I had to.
When I was younger and studying acting, I never ever saw myself in the sitcom world; it was drama that really turned me on and still does.
And if you have great writing, it's really easy, but if it's not so great and you have to work a little harder, I could tell where the work needed to be done but comedy is just fun.
Comedy is just to me, maybe it's a natural knack, if I can see where the joke is in the writing and I can see where the setup is and I can tell this is the way to make it.
Having kids has been great for me. I have two beautiful step- kids, as well as my own new daughter. They've really helped me to keep my feet firmly on the ground, and life is good. I feel like I'm the luckiest guy here.
I've grown tremendously as an actor by being there. It is comic writing the likes of which I don't know that I'll ever see again and it's been a great, great experience.
Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man. Just stop calling.
You basically have a group of four spies who are chosen for a mission they feel for the fact of how competent they are and how their expertise and they're the right one for the job. But ultimately they find out they've been actually chosen for their incompetence.
I really like the half-hour comedy. I really do. I know people that are in movies all the time and they, you know, they don't see their families as much. And that takes its toll over time.
It's funny - nowadays people that are famous get chased by paparazzi. They have this fame, but they don't have the money to hide from it.
When there's writing that you really trust, it's very freeing as an artist.
I have funny bones. If there's ever any kind of tension, I'll always be the one to try and be funny to loosen things up.
