English,Actor
Time travel is such a magic concept.
I'm not handsome enough to be James Bond. Maybe a villain, though.
I quite like the idea of family. That's probably the greatest achievement in the world. I've got a lot to achieve workwise - I'd love to direct - but family would be good.
I think that every artistic venture is a risk, and it has to be that way, so you do as much preparation as you can and make that as thorough as you can possibly make it, until you turn up on set. It's about taking risks, and some might work and some might not, but that's what makes it interesting.
I think that, if the world was a bit more like Comic-Con, we'd all be a little happier.
There are great disciplines from being a sportsman that you can transfer into being an artist. The preparation, the sacrifice, the constant desire to improve.
I always steal a pair of socks on every photo shoot I do. It's my thing.
If I could film, we'd film every episode of 'Doctor Who' in New York. I have an affinity with the city. It has some wonderful locations and it is devastatingly vast and huge. Central Park looks amazing on camera.
At university I had a big coloured scarf and people would often say, 'All right, Doctor Who?' And, I thought, I rather liked that notion.
Any actor worth his salt has a responsibility to reinvent himself from part to part.
If I see a spider in the flat, I try to get a cup and a piece of paper and throw it out of the window. I can't kill them because they're good for catching flies.
I'm not hugely technical with things, but I guess that the thing I use most is my iPhone, on a practical level.
I think Jennifer Saunders would be great in 'Doctor Who.'
I am a fan of a bright sock. They're bold.
Spiders - the way they move freaks me out. It's so malevolent.
Apparently, as a kid, I used to eat spiders. Maybe there's some Freudian significance behind that.
Kids should feel afraid of 'Doctor Who.' All the adults I've talked to remember fondly being afraid when they were kids. That's part of the reason they remember it and love it. And if you're afraid in a controlled way, you sort of appreciate fear in some respect.
If I was making a tea advert, I would want to communicate about tea is that it can console you, it can start your day, there is the warmth and the ritual, and you can share it; you make someone a cup of tea and you offer it to them.
I used to read Gore Vidal books and think I was cool.
Some people don't need to work hard because they are so talented.
There is a history of footballers in my family; my granddad played for Notts County and my dad played at county level.
It seems like there's a real appetite for science fiction in the States.
The storytelling in 'Doctor Who' is quite universal.
Even now, I'm very superstitious, in silly ways. I always put my left boot on first. Or on set, I always tie my bow tie from right to left.
As we get older - perhaps I'm just speaking for myself - we can get too cynical.
Overnight ratings are dead. It's just not the way TV is sold any more.
