English,Actor
No fine work can be done without concentration and self-sacrifice and toil and doubt.
Only mediocrity can be trusted to be always at its best.
We must stop talking about the American dream and start listening to the dreams of Americans.
When hospitality becomes an art it loses its very soul.
I need no dictionary of quotations to remind me that the eyes are the windows of the soul.
Some people are born to lift heavy weights, some are born to juggle golden balls.
To mankind in general Macbeth and Lady Macbeth stand out as the supreme type of all that a host and hostess should not be.
Anything that is worth doing has been done frequently. Things hitherto undone should be given, I suspect, a wide berth.
To give an accurate and exhaustive account of that period would need a far less brilliant pen than mine.
People are either born hosts or born guests.
A hundred eyes were fixed on her, and half as many hearts lost to her.
I was a modest, good-humoured boy. It is Oxford that has made me insufferable.
There is much to be said for failure. It is much more interesting than success.
Of all the objects of hatred, a woman once loved is the most hateful.
Nobody ever died of laughter.
To give and then not feel that one has given is the very best of all ways of giving.
Humility is a virtue, and it is a virtue innate in guests.
The delicate balance between modesty and conceit is popularity.
Most women are not as young as they are painted.
You will find my last words in the blue folder.
To say that a man is vain means merely that he is pleased with the effect he produces on other people.
The Non-Conformist Conscience makes cowards of us all.
Men of genius are not quick judges of character. Deep thinking and high imagining blunt that trivial instinct by which you and I size people up.
One might well say that mankind is divisible into two great classes: hosts and guests.
Good sense about trivialities is better than nonsense about things that matter.
To destroy is still the strongest instinct in nature.
