American,Actor
I'm constantly running away from everything. I'm running away from things on a daily basis. I run away from relationships. I run away from responsibilities.
The dogs with the loudest bark are the ones that are most afraid.
I've always said it's interesting to watch devils cry when angels want to stab you in the back. I like that mixture.
Peanut Butter Wolf is my relaxing music, my lunch music, my chilling music.
I used to hang out with a bunch of old punk rockers when I was a little kid.
I followed a girl I met in Japan to Los Angeles and ended up working in a motorcycle store. I quit the job one night, went to a party in the Hollywood Hills and ended up yelling at a bunch of people. Someone saw me yelling and asked me to be in a play. The first night, there was an agent in the audience who took me on and sent me out for jobs.
I don't think anyone wants to cuddle a zombie.
I had fears going into television that it might become boring to me, and I always like to be challenged, push myself. You do a film, and you know where you're going; you have this material to stretch and play with as much as possible because you know how it ends.
I'm more of a listener than a talker.
I don't have a mullet, but going into season one on 'The Walking Dead,' I asked to have a mullet, and everybody talked me out of it. Because I'd have to wear a mullet when we were not shooting every day. I have that motorcycle, wings on my vest, the crossbow... Maybe a mullet would've thrown me over the edge.
I'm certainly honest - and I can be socially awkward.
Damaged people gravitate towards damaged people.
I'm not afraid to take chances or go off on my own.
I'm always taking pictures and travelling with a camera and have so many photos that I've done a book.
I've had shows as a painter, as a photographer, I've done shows as a sculptor. I've done a lot of different things and it all comes from experiences that you have in your life, in your creative environment. They all help - I don't even know if they help; maybe they make it worse but they all influence each other, for sure.
I basically eat a lot of proteins, and I've been eating smaller portions of food. I try to eat all locally raised and organic produce.
I like people who push the envelope.
People are pretty strange.
I love smashing stuff.
I think it's interesting to have a cool character not look so cool, you know?
I'm so fortunate, it's ridiculous.
I'm constantly busy.
I saw 'True Blood' once, and I like the jazzy feel of it and stuff.
I'm still insecure, but when I first started acting, I was really insecure. I glared at a lot of people. I assumed everyone hated me. Somehow that scowl has turned into an acting career.
You can't not look cool with a crossbow.
I've been camping and stuff, but if you left me in the woods I'd probably just curl up and cry until someone found me.
