American,Actor
We have our own culture, our own community. A lot of people don't realize that. They just assume that deaf people are very unfortunate, very disabled, but no.
I think the biggest misconception is that people think deaf people are not able to do things.
I was born deaf. Sound never existed in my life, and this is completely normal to me.
My message to my deaf community is that we can redefine anything however we want. Anything is re-definable only if we believe and work hard for it.
I started to realize that there are a lot of people who are unaware of deaf culture, and I've been given a great platform to reframe the deaf community.
I'm really excited to educate the world about what deaf people can do.
I love it when I surprise photographers that, despite the fact that I am deaf, I am capable of meeting their vision. I love it that I can read their body language and know what they do not like and what they do like.
Own your identity. Love who you are in the world. Love your deafness.
Since I knew my deaf identity since birth, it wasn't hard for me to be comfortable, confident, and independent in a hearing world.
I have my own foundation, Nyle DiMarco Foundation, and it focuses on bettering deaf youths' lives.
I have always aspired to be the type of role model who can bridge the deaf and hearing communities.
I'm fortunate to have blue eyes!
I am the fourth generation of being deaf.
My passion, personally, is being my true self while inspiring young people who are struggling with their identities to love themselves for who they are.
I had to live with the models in one big house for two months, 24 hours a day. Only a few of them actually learned how to sign... I couldn't really communicate with anybody, and I felt isolated.
Often in the past, when we have had a deaf person in the spotlight, we have been portrayed badly. It was up to me to change that.
I'm ready to take the world by storm and have them look at me and say, 'Deaf people can dance.'
Seriously, I don't find not being able to hear an obstacle or a boundary. For me, and for many of us, it is an advantage, and it's a part of my identity, in fact. It's a huge part of who I am.
I feel the need to reframe our community positively and better deaf youth's lives, and with the 'DWTS' platform, I can - but it's not enough until I win.
I am a visual person, given that I am deaf.
There is research proving that deaf people have increased visual abilities.
When I signed up for 'Dancing with the Stars,' I was nervous. If I threw everything off, there are 10-15 million people watching, and that would be a negative viewpoint of deaf people, and I didn't want that.
I would love to work with Mario Testino. I respect all the work he has done and is doing.
I am truly humbled. Not only that I am going to be known as the final Top Model but as a final Top Model who is deaf! And that is an amazing tagline. This proves that deaf people can do anything and everything.
I am one hundred percent ready to be a spokesperson for the deaf community.
I never danced growing up.
I do not like fancy or chain restaurants. I live for local spots.
