American,Actor
What winning is to me is not giving up, is no matter what's thrown at me, I can take it. And I can keep going.
How do you nurture a positive attitude when all the statistics say you're a dead man? You go to work.
You know, I am a Leo. Lion is a giant part of me.
I keep dreaming of a future, a future with a long and healthy life, not lived in the shadow of cancer but in the light.
I like to believe that I've got a lot of guardian warriors sittin' on my shoulder including my dad.
Good-looking people turn me off. Myself included.
The longer your life goes on, the more death you face.
I am very, very clear on how difficult it is for a young kid out there to go into the arts without taking a lot of heat from his peers.
You can imagine me as a kid growing up in redneck Texas with ballet shoes, tucking the violin under my arm. I had to fight my way up.
Everything is designed to help you sell out.
I keep my heart and my soul and my spirit open to miracles.
When it looks like I may live longer than five minutes I'll drop cigarettes like a hot potato.
If I leave this Earth, I want to leave this Earth just knowing I've tried to give something back and tried to do something worthwhile with myself.
I took after my father.
As always, I appreciate all the love and support people have sent and continue to send my way.
My work... is my legacy.
There's just something about dance. It's like a primal thing in all of us.
Sometimes a movie encapsulates a period or a moment in all of our lives in such a way that it never dies.
What's powerful about a love scene is not seeing the act. It's seeing the passion, the need, the desire, the caring, the fear.
The way to screw up somebody's life is to give them what they want.
I don't know how many hills and valleys I've had, how many times I've had to refocus my world and my life and my career.
If I'm going to do television, I wanted that 'North and South' experience. I wanted something that's going to challenge me on a constant basis.
To be honest, I've made a game out of trying to live through my James Dean, Janis Joplin, Freddie Prinze, Jim Morrison period, those demons that we all have that we're either successful or not at making work for us rather than destroy us.
If you live through the initial stage of fame and get past it, and remember thats not who you are. If you live past that, then you have a hope of maybe learning how to spell the word artist.
You can't be pregnant in leotards, and this is the last chance for us to get our bodies into the shape of concert dancers and capture it with the magic of film.
When people are away from home, they do things they might not normally do.
