American,Actor
You know, as an only child, you're kind of in a bubble, and there are all sorts of things about my childhood that I still can't really place.
Money is... I'm very conscious of it because I have it. It's powerful, man. It can change you ever so slightly, ever so slowly, and all of a sudden you're addicted to a million-dollar lifestyle and you've got no choice but to make a bad movie.
I think pineapple is very sexy. It reminds me of bikinis and the beach.
When you come to L.A. as a kid with your mom, you're lured into doing things that you think are cool and fun and a good idea, but they're cheesy and awful. And recording a pop single was one of them.
I don't believe in auditioning. I'm a bad auditioner. I don't like it.
For a while I didn't believe in marriage. But I think I do believe in having a love. I'm not saying only one love ever, but in having a good, solid relationship. I think that's possible.
I couldn't date someone who didn't like dogs. There are exceptions to the rule, but I find that if someone doesn't like animals, I am a little suspicious of them.
I've always loved music. I listen to music the way a lot of actors watch movies.
I realize I stare at everyone, especially when I'm walking down the street. I'm just a curious person.
The 'Gossip Girl' idea and ideologies, like, they sort of encourage this certain kind of, like, materialism and superficiality that isn't, I would say, the best thing in the world.
I want to be an actor - I don't want to be a celebrity. They are two different things, and people have forgotten that they are different.
Like, if you are a celebrity, then anyone will let you be in a film or on a TV show, and if you're an actor, chances are if you are successful, you are becoming a celebrity.
I guess I never really had a high school experience. I went for about a month, and on the first day one of my friends got punched in the eye. It was Southern California Public High School. Needless to say, I wasn't there for long.
