American,Actor
My idea of Heaven is to wake up, have a good breakfast, and spend the rest of the day drawing.
Good actors are always looking for props. They're looking for behavior. It makes it a lot easier. You're not solely dependent of what's coming out of your mouth. You're also less self-conscious, less aware of the camera.
I remember being amazed that actors had a union. I thought only coal miners had unions, or guys that worked in automobile plants. That's an indication of how naive I was.
The only mountain that I would still like to climb: I'd like to break 85.
I didn't become an actor until I was an old man of 28 or 29. I declared to the world that I was an actor. Nobody heard me, but I did declare it.
When I was growing up in Ossining, N.Y., playing pool with the guys, the thought that any one of us might become an actor was as far-fetched as being knighted by the queen of England.
I lose things. I am preoccupied. I am misty. Eyeglasses? I go through eyeglasses like tissue.
I've been there a thousand years, and I never felt comfortable. Beverly Hills - when I first saw it, I thought they put it up this morning. You got to pack water to get to the drugstore.
I'm just looking to get through the day.
The first time I ever spoke to John Cassavetes was at a Lakers game. I got up to go for a hot dog, and he was coming in the opposite direction. I don't know who said hello first, but we started talking, and it turned out that he went to high school with my first wife, Alice.
I like stories that grow, that have unpredictable layers. As opposed to Hollywood movies that start out with a lot of shock and noise and peter out into an unconvincing cliche.
In order to be totally spontaneous, you can't be too obsessed with accuracy, but if you're inaccurate in a drawing, it will look fake, and when you act, it will sound fake. You have to find miraculously some proper balance between the two, but there's no formula.
What's the name of that famous museum in Paris? The Louvre? I went through that place in 20 minutes.
I watch practically no TV - ah, what the hell do I watch? Oh, I was for a long time addicted to CNN.
Oh, I was some efficiency expert. On my first day, I couldn't find my own office in Hartford and wound up in the Post Office.
If your mind is at work, we're in danger of reproducing another cliche. If we can keep our minds out of it and our thoughts out of it, maybe we'll come up with something original.
I'm old fashioned. I really think you should know how to draw before you start painting. I use charcoal and graphite; I put a skylight in. In my house, I turned the garage into an art studio. So I'm awash in art studios.
In the theater, you didn't have any marks. Your instincts in rehearsal told you what the blocking was. On film, they reversed it. They decided ahead of time what your instincts were, before you even arrived.
The whole thing was an actor's dream - getting a character that tickles you so much you can't wait to act as him.
I love Chicago. It's one of the great cities. I'm crazy about the town. It reminds me of New York when it was at its best, the New York that used to be and is no more. I love the architecture, the old stuff and the new stuff.
My wife loves to get all dressed up and go out, and I'm this gloomy Virgo. It works because of the mutual recognition that we are two democratic narcissists. She does what she has to do, and I do what I have to do. We respect that.
Most people think glamor is happiness.
I came to Hollywood and nobody knew me. I was on a coupla TV shows.
I did do my own stunts.
I never understood a word John Cassavetes said. And I think he did that deliberately.
Usually, I get hired because I'm tall.
I was a street-guy villain. I was a street-corner villain. I was an illiterate villain. All rough edges.
If it wasn't for the Mark Twain Masquers, I don't know where my life would have gone.
I had no idea when I graduated from high school and then from graduate school what I wanted to do with my life. I had no idea that I was ever going to be an actor.
Going to Hartford turned out to be the luckiest thing that ever happened to me.
The celebrity craze is a little much. But it's good for me, so you don't bite the hand that feeds you.
I thought actors were artists and that artists had to be European.
There were no artists in Ossining, which was the home of Sing Sing prison. Most of the parents of the guys I knew were guards there.
In the beginning, when you're acting in amateur theater and off-Broadway, it was unheard of that anyone else would get your costume. And it was important to get a good costume. You put time into that.
I used to have this idea that you can spend years in the movies and TV and then, at the drop of a hat, say 'Oh, I'll go back and do the theater.'
To be a theater actor, I think you have to do plays all the time.
Sure, I miss some things about the stage. The thing I like is the immediacy. But then I complain, 'I gotta do the same part for six months.'
There's a bit of a problem. The script that I like, the network doesn't like. The script that they like, I don't like.
I think people identify with Columbo because he is an average man.
I'm not an ace at small talk.
I used to dread somebody saying, 'Whatsa matter with your eye?'
You think you're in another civilization, another time, and then you see antennas coming out of these hovels, and your mouth falls open when you see the descendants of the Incas shouting 'Columbo! Columbo!'
I used to take girls out on a date to Night Court. And I'll tell you, most girls, they got a kick out of going to Night Court. 'Cause you get a lot of laughs... and it's cheap.
What wouldn't have happened to me if I hadn't ended up in Hartford, Connecticut.
Hartford had the Mark Twain Masquers, which was fantastic. They had been in business I don't know how many years. They knew how to build sets and sell tickets and put on a play. My day started at night. When I left the office, that's when my day began.
If I'm a guy reading a newspaper, and I hear this actor who I know gets great seats at basketball games, and he's complaining about being typecast, I think, 'Hey man, count your blessings.'
God didn't design anyone to be recognized by 2 billion people.
There isn't an Eskimo who doesn't love 'Columbo.'
Strange thing, this television.
I'm secretly very stuffy.
I've been asked a few thousand times how much of Columbo is Falk and vice versa.
The truth is, no one is like Columbo.
I hate to talk about typecasting, because being typecast as Columbo ain't cancer.
I'm makin' a lotta dough, everyone knows who you are, and who the hell cares whether you're typecast or not? Also, there's something wrong with complaining about being typecast in something you really enjoy doing.
Certainly, you envy the guys that have done all kinds of things, a variety of good scripts and good directors. Then again, having worked with Cassavetes has satisfied a big part of that.
It helps an actor an awful lot when he looks like the part. There's nothing more disconcerting, that makes you more anxious or more insecure, than when you don't look like who you're supposed to be.
Initially, they wanted Columbo to wear a driving coat. I said: 'Are you kidding? He's not an English aristocrat.'
I never turned a part down when they offered me money.
Along came a police lieutenant named Columbo, and my life would never be the same.
Your instincts for what's dramatic are the same whether you're working on a drawing or on a script.
Actors know one thing: If you're left just with words, you're in trouble.
I am older than everyone I ever knew. All my dogs are dead. Half a dozen cats, parakeets... all gone.
I once did a film in Russia because I wanted to see what the hell was going on there.
I don't like getting up in the morning, getting in a car, driving on a freeway, and stopping at a gate where two guards are standing there, then walk into a studio that looks like a bunch of airplane hangars.
Acting is like golf: analysis leads to paralysis.
I don't dwell on it. But I guess everybody hopes that they go in their sleep and that it won't be long and painful.
It depends how lenient you are with your definition of artist. If you're going to include those who tap dance at the high school recital, then maybe I am.
If you were brought up in the '40s, a kid in Ossining, New York, hanging out at the poolroom and stealing, how can you think, 'Here I am in Ossining. I, too, can be a movie star!'
Everybody wants to be a movie star. I bet if you ask that guy would he like to be a movie star, he'd say, 'Sure.'
