American,Actor
There are wars being fought! Who cares what I'm doing on a Saturday night? I'm not even a celebrity.
I spend my nights just sitting and reading a book and drinking my tea and walking my dog. That's about as exciting as my life gets.
My favourite superhero? I have a soft spot for Batman, because he doesn't have any super powers - he's just a person. And he's pretty dark.
I like animals, all animals. I wouldn't hurt a cat or a dog - or a chicken or a cow. And I wouldn't ask someone else to hurt them for me. That's why I'm a vegetarian.
When people are infected by my charm, they don't see my size. My piercing deep blue eyes are distracting.
If I was born 400 years ago instead of now, I wouldn't have the life I have. There were freak shows, and there was horrible discrimination.
I should call people back more readily. I'm not the best friend sometimes in terms of that. I do follow that white balloon and get distracted a lot.
Each year, billions of animals are subjected to cruelty on factory farms, feed lots, and slaughterhouses. The brutality that these animals endure would be grounds for felony cruelty charges if inflicted upon our cats and dogs.
I'm not going to play my violin, but with my dwarfism, I'm a bit of a mutant.
So I won't say I'm lucky. I'm fortunate enough to find or attract very talented people. For some reason I found them, and they found me.
Anything that opens up people's perceptions a bit is good.
I never lived in an abandoned railroad station.
Any swagger is just defense. When you're reminded so much of who you are by people - not a fame thing, but with my size, constantly, growing up - you just either curl up in a corner in the dark or you wear it proudly, like armor or something. You can turn it on its head and use it yourself before anybody else gets a chance.
I was once part of a Christmas cabaret. I sang 'I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus.' I tap-danced. I had a ten-gallon hat. It was quite absurd.
Sometimes, when the material is really good, you put expectations on yourself to make it the best possible show. You're not just serving up the regular hash and doing your job and going home.
What I really want is to play the romantic lead and get the girl.
I think actors get too comfortable. I like being uncomfortable as an actor because it keeps you alive. I don't know, I think it's important.
I like the busted-nose look. I think it's a good look for me.
Call me a midget, but just be real. I am all for correct terms, but please don't tiptoe around feelings. Don't be too careful, because that shuts you off from people.
We're not environmentally doing very good things to this planet, and we might not be around too long.
It's a shame how a lot of actors use theater as a stepping stone to film and television work; I think it shouldn't be treated that way. Maybe it's narcissism or something. I think we should always go back to it. I try and do a play a year, and I think that's really helped me.
I am this guy who's four and a half feet tall, but my life doesn't constantly address it.
I think everybody goes through changes, and the same should be said for fictional characters, especially ones that you follow on television.
Friends don't care about issues like dwarf tossing.
I feel as much of a stud as... I can't come up with a metaphor. That's how lacking in studliness I am.
Being on television, playing the same character for many years, for me, I think that would get a little tedious.
I'm on 'Game Of Thrones,' and every time we have someone new coming on our show, we welcome them with open arms and get revitalised by this new presence. Then we kill them off very quickly.
I was born in 1969, believe it or not, so I was a child in the '70s.
I was a sullen kid who smoked cigarettes and wore black every day, and I went to a school that was lacrosse players and Izods.
Writing is getting killed by too many chefs. Back in the Bogart days, it started with great scripts. You had a writer, and he wrote a script, and that was your movie. I think that's been watered down a bit lately.
I think 'No' is a very powerful word in our business that is very hard to use early on in your career. But I also think I was pretty arrogant when I was younger... I used that word maybe too much, but it did help me with finding roles that I did like.
The leads are often the boring part.
I've been to Sundance before, but I'd never seen a lot of screenings.
A lot of parts written for people of my size, dwarfs, are either foolish idiots or, like, these sages that are all-knowing, and they're very, sort of, come-to-them-for-answers.
I have a big cynical side to me.
I have a need to always make people laugh. I have a desperate need. I love a great sense of humor. The people I sort of surround myself with have that.
I've felt like an outsider. I've had to struggle.
A lot of directors straight out of film school are very technically minded, but they don't have an understanding of actors or how to talk to them.
I don't like people being cautious and tentative and choosing their words carefully around me because I'm a dwarf.
I guess the word to call me is my name, Pete.
Jen Lawrence is quite a fan of 'Game of Thrones.'
I feel like life is much greater than a hero or a villain: there's good people that sometimes make mistakes.
I'm one of those who can't read the books after they've seen the movie.
Every person my size has a different life, a different history. Different ways of dealing with it. Just because I'm seemingly O.K. with it, I can't preach how to be O.K. with it. I don't think I still am O.K. with it. There's days when I'm not.
I knew David Benioff a bit socially. I knew his wife, Amanda Peet. He's a smart guy, so I always sought him out at dinner parties.
Even 'Lord of the Rings' had dwarf-tossing jokes in it. It's like, 'Really?'
As an adolescent, I was bitter and angry, and I definitely put up these walls.
I think my mom drove by a nuclear power plant when she was pregnant. But I wouldn't be in 'The Station Agent' if she hadn't.
It was hard doing scenes with Bobby Cannavale because I would break up laughing because he's so funny.
I would love to play Richard III.
I think more money can be very detrimental to movies and TV because things get solved economically rather than creatively, and that's never a good solution.
I think with a lot of filmmakers, their first film is their best film because they had to think on their feet and solve problems with ingenuity.
I have a friend who says, 'The world doesn't need another angry dwarf!'
My mother was an elementary school teacher for 35 years and taught at the Nixon School in New Jersey. I was raised as a very liberal Democrat, and she was protesting Nixon when he was in office.
With a lot of shows, what you'll see happen is they start off really well, and they're very original, but they become sort of a version of themselves. They stand outside the show... they become a cliche of the show they once were. That's the whole 'jumping the shark' thing.
The reason I like 'Breaking Bad,' which is still probably my favorite show, is Walter White. You watch him transform, and that's so fascinating. And I think. a lot of TV shows that aren't successful, it's because the characters become stagnant.
People's personalities get tweaked at weddings.
There are a lot of directors out there who are very specific, visual craftsmen, and while I have the utmost respect for that, they don't really communicate with the actors.
Fantasy novels, I don't really gravitate to that part of the bookstore.
Anybody who was in 'The Godfather' is a tough guy.
I'm recognized, let me put it that way.
You want your privacy as a human being.
I saw a report on the news: 'Peter Dinklage tweeted... ' What? You know, I don't need any of that stuff. I got an email account; that's all I need.
Sometimes on sets, I shut down, try to focus.
The greatest preparation for a TV show is to already have one season behind you.
'Star Wars' or 'The Lord of the Rings' deal with great big Joseph Campbell-style myths, good and evil.
Women respond to comfort and a sense of humor. I was always able to make them laugh, so that helps a lot.
They'll say, 'Oh, he's sexy,' but women still go for guys who are 6ft 2 ins. I don't believe any of it for a minute.
Since I've joined 'Game of Thrones,' it's been such a pleasure.
'Game of Thrones' fans are the nicest people ever, but a thousand nice people coming at me gives me claustrophobia.
I have a friend - not a dwarf - who's an alchemist of sorts. He concocted a men's cologne... He gave me a bottle as a gift. I was thinking we should totally put this on the market. You know how Jessica Simpson and Beyonce have signature perfumes and make a mint? I'm thinking this cologne could be my ticket to fortune.
It's amazing what they can do with animation nowadays. It's really beautiful. The 3D stuff is out of hand.
I often don't see what I've done, or I cringe when I watch myself.
Will Ferrell is just about the nicest guy - anyone can tell you that.
I just don't like boring myself. That's one of the main reasons I did 'Ice Age' - because I'd never done something like this before.
Does anybody actually go out in L.A.? When I lived there, I'd just stay in my apartment.
Maybe in my 20s I was a little more lively. But I'm done with that.
'Lassie' was amazing. I didn't have any scenes with humans. There's a couple little bits, here or there, but mainly just me and my horse and a couple of dogs in the Isle of Man.
It is hard working with animals, I've got to say.
People have the strangest ideas about dwarves.
I think successful movies that are based on books are their own thing. I think if you're too faithful, word by word, character trait to character trait, it can hurt the movie.
I'm always attracted to anti-hero roles.
