American,Actor
I know I wasn't as handsome as some other guys, but I was OK with that.
Well, I think everyone struggles with self-love.
I had insecurities and fears like everybody does, and I got over it. But I was interested in the parts of me that struggled with those things.
The film is made in the editing room. The shooting of the film is about shopping, almost. It's like going to get all the ingredients together, and you've got to make sure before you leave the store that you got all the ingredients. And then you take those ingredients and you can make a good cake - or not.
My love for the theater has always been a priority. That hasn't changed. I got into acting that way. The film work that came up was really a surprise.
Creating something is all about problem-solving.
I think you should be serious about what you do because this is it. This is the only life you've got.
One person's religion is another person's cult.
The only true currency in this bankrupt world is what you share with someone else when you're uncool.
You can look at anything as a cult. Churches are cults in their own way.
Being unemployed is not good for an actor. No, it isn't, no matter how unsuccessful you are. Because you always remember getting fired from all the restaurants. You remember that stuff very, very strongly.
Life's pretty funny when you're objectively on the outside looking at it.
You know the circus performer who spins the plates in the air you know, and he'll spin six or seven plates in the air? Acting sometimes is kind of that guy spinning all those plates in the air but in your head and in your body.
Directing is a really kind of amazing thing, because you're helping others and, in the middle of that, you have to worry about yourself.
Ultimately what I'll do next is up in the air for me.
Actors are responsible to the people we play.
I didn't have any idea that I would be able to have a career in film.
I have a fine level of recognition in the business and among the acting community now, so I consider myself one of the lucky ones. If I didn't think that, there would be something wrong with me. I'm grateful and thankful for what I've got.
I work constantly but I work at a lot of different things. You know, I run a theater company in New York, I direct plays, act in plays, in movies, so I try to keep it eclectic.
People actually live with their id exposed. They're not good at concealing what's going on inside.
Sometimes I have a great day of filming and sometimes the theater strikes me better. It just depends.
Sometimes I'm uncomfortable with the level of fame I've got! It all depends on the day and what's going on. I don't desire any more fame. I don't need it.
The foibles of my body are pretty much out there in the work I do.
The size of my head though is pretty abnormal.
There are a lot of things going on with my life right now that don't just have to do with career. So I have a hard time making decisions about work. That's really a luxury problem.
If I was a little bit younger I would worry more. I'd want to do one thing at a time but now I try to do a bunch of different things at a time if I can.
To be fair to my dad, he is one of the brightest men I've ever met.
I've worked with a lot of characters that are unhinged. I've played characters that are unhinged. That's, like, my job.
When people don't know who you are, they're seeing your work for the first time. But if they've seen a lot, getting certain things across is a more difficult.
To act well isn't an easy thing.
Yeah, writers do hate writing.
Actors are investigators.
The idea that you have a vision of what you're supposed to be, or going to be, or where your kids are going to be - and that that doesn't work out - is always going to be something that's going to affect people and move people.
I think part of being an actor is staying private.
The ambition, the drive, the wanting to be the center of attention, the wanting to succeed... They're all inside me somewhere.
If I don't feel like I'm doing the job well, and I don't know how to get there, or I'm too scared, or whatever, I'm not a happy guy and I'm not pleasant. I'm not pleasant to be around.
I got sober when I was 22 years old.
Plays never feel like the right thing to do at the time.
Why you do something is always kind of a mystery to me.
I've had to make the transition from sweeping in for 15 minutes, doing my stuff and clearing out, to carrying a movie for the duration - in a dress.
People used to be funny about approaching me, but now they seem to think I'm as sane as anyone who's done what I've done in movies can be.
My soul is in good shape.
I don't want to repeat myself.
Good work is the only thing that would make me feel jealous or envious.
Vanity is something that will only get in the way of doing your best work, and ultimately if you're truly vain you care more about your work than how you look in your work. I actually consider myself a pretty vain guy when it comes to that.
If you're a human being walking the earth, you're weird, you're strange, you're psychologically challenged.
I think you ultimately have to love who you're playing. You have to have that kind of feeling. You have to have passion for the person.
I try not to plan that too much.
I've grown to really love musicals, you know?
It's hard for anybody who works a lot and has children. But I wouldn't trade it for anything.
When you become a parent, you look at your parents differently. You look at being a child differently. It's an awakening, a revelation that you have.
You have to understand that crew members make movies so they're seeing a lot of actors all the time in their career acting.
In a film there a lot of people scheduling, you know.
It's really hard to watch things and then not think about anything afterwards.
There's nothing risky in talking about your personal life. People do it all the time.
I think therapy is a helpful thing. I think everyone knows it. You do it for your life, you do it for yourself, because you want to explore some things, and get at the bottom of some things. It's about your life, the quality of your life.
I got into plays in high school then I ended up going to college for it.
No one wants to be pretentious about what they do or take it seriously, because that is just weird.
People aren't going to throw the kind of money at certain people that they used to.
I've seen a lot of friends who have a lot of great projects, whether it's a script or a play or whatever, and it is a great project and they have great people involved, and they can't make it.
I had a father who was a traveling salesman.
I do understand what it is to not want to commit to someone, knowing that might bring pain or commit to a life that has to do with being responsible to people other than myself. These things, I think, are normal things.
