Danish,Actor
Life is not black and white; there is some gray nuance to it.
I have no ambitions at all! I have none... seriously. I want to be a good father. I want to be a good husband. I want to be a good son, a good brother, a good family member. I don't have any ambition to direct a film or write a play. I like acting.
It's always difficult when you're working with Mother Nature, because you need to adapt to that.
I'm an actor. 99.9% of all actors in the world have been in denial towards the military.
I like to do my own stunts, but sometimes you need a little bit of help.
I did a film called 'Worlds Apart' about a Jehovah's Witness. I was the love interest - the male lead - but the story was about the female lead, a young girl who is a part of this cult, and she wants to break out. She meets a guy who has to help her. She has to find out who she is. It's more like a coming of age story.
I think if you just made a film that says, 'This is anti-war,' and you had to spend two hours explaining that... you don't like war? Wow, that's original. Know what I mean?
I'm not in a position where I can pick and choose. It's the other way around. The studios pick and choose.
When you watch the films that I'm inspired by - from the '60s and '70s - it's not about the special effects: it's about the story; it's about characters and relationships.
If it was up to me, we would eliminate close-ups and beautiful light and sound - because we want to go back to basics.
I used to read reviews - I read a lot of the reviews when I did 'Borgen,' but the thing is, people were so harsh that I talked to my wife about it, and I said this is too tough - the people are too personal and too idiotic to understand it, in my mind.
The most exciting thing about joining 'Game Of Thrones' is joining 'Game Of Thrones.'
I don't know - the whole leading man, I don't buy it.
The leading character isn't always the most important or interesting character; when people think that the protagonist is the character portrayed, it's people who haven't read Shakespeare.
On 'Ghost In The Shell,' I'm looking forward more to working with Scarlett Johannson and Rupert Sanders than portraying a lead!
As a private person, I am maybe more 'Eurovision' than Kasper Juul.
I'm trying to have a family and a career.
I'm a father first.
Films come and go. Families stay.
I want to keep pushing those boundaries of acting.
Trump starts out by saying, 'We need to build walls; we need to do this.' He's very bombastic in what he's saying and his approach to the world.
As an actor, you want roles that are full of meat.
I think six seasons are telling us one thing about 'Game of Thrones': Everyone should watch their back. No one is safe. That's what I love about the show. I love that it's so unpredictable.
I think all interesting characters have some kind of a complex.
For me, it's very important that the people I'm working with are feeling happy.
Honestly, I think it's kind of corny to sit and watch your own work.
I have the deepest, deepest respect for these guys who are actually fighting for democracy in countries far away.
I love 'Sex and the City,' but it's also wonderful that there's something else other than 'Sex and the City.'
I want to direct in Denmark. I married a writer; my best friend's a writer, so I always wanted to be a writer.
In my mind, I still think - and wish - that I'm going to be a journalist or a writer. That's been my dream job my entire life.
