American,Actor
I think of myself as a journeyman actor. I've got some talent and I work hard, but people like Brando or Pacino - those people are touched by God.
I used to break dance. I can do some good James Brown footwork. But now I think I've danced too much. My girlfriend made fun of me: 'Enough with the dancing.'
Money is power and power gives you choice.
I did some martial arts training for 'Confessions of a Dangerous Mind,' since the character was an assassin.
I have a constant sort of melancholy approach to acting that fuels me. I want to do everything.
I've been in more than 20 movies. You just do the best you can and try to make a living.
I'm happy that I'm finally getting some lines in my face. I always looked too young for the kind of roles I wanted. It was constraining. My face didn't fit my innards until I reached 40.
After 40, you want to reverse the ageing process. That's complicated for me because I spent so many years wanting to be older.
You hit 41 and you don't burn calories like you used to.
I've done so many independents for so many years. Leads that nobody's seen.
I took a break after 'Confessions.' I was real picky. And then I suddenly realized I hadn't worked in a year. And I was sort of, like, not really happy. I think people are happier when they have structure, you know? You realize that as you get older. You have to have rituals and structure.
It's fun to improvise, but I still think it's better to have a great script, you know, like a Charlie Kaufman script.
Some actors don't want to, but I prefer to. I like to collaborate. Sometimes you have to keep it to yourself, and people want to do their own thing.
I think any good actor is an anarchist. They have to be.
I had those kind of parents where I watched all of these very sophisticated movies: 'Five Easy Pieces', 'One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.'
I try to steal from the best. Suck it all in. 'Taxi Driver' is really a bible for film actors, a master class. A lot of emotional power, a lot of emotional depth but it's contained and you just see the tip of the iceberg.
I've studied a technique called the Sanford Miesner technique, that teaches you how to focus. It's mainly about daydreaming. And the technique's really about imaginary circumstances. Using your imagination to sort of daydream about stuff. It makes you emotional in a scene.
One thing that bugs me in comedy is when somebody does a fake cry, you know, like they fake cry in a comedy. But in a drama they'll really cry. That bugs me.
Well, you know, it's fun to sign autographs still for me. I don't sign that many.
I'm originally from San Francisco. I might move there some day. But, I like L.A., I have fun in L.A. It's a fun town if you've got money in your pocket. It's a good town.
I have memories of films that nobody ever saw, that I was very proud of, and those are still great memories.
I think a lot of theater actors that were great, like Walken or Glenn Close, later became film actors.
I grew up on films.
My parents were both actors; my dad sort of quite early on. My mother acted for a while, and now she's a painter.
I don't keep secrets from my parents, really; it's pretty open.
It's hard to make a good movie in four weeks. It's hard. I've done it, but it's not easy.
