Canadian,Actor
I am lazy, but for some reason, I am so paranoid that I end up working hard.
My high school years were exactly like 'Superbad.'
Life, as I see it, is R-rated.
Trying to constantly get yourself into movies is extremely stressful and sometimes just impossible.
I'm so good at procrastinating.
I mean, where I come from, 'communism' is not a terrible word.
If you ask most high schoolers who Bruce Lee is, they will say that it someone they sit next to in English class.
As soon as I realized you could be funny as a job, that was the job I wanted.
After every single take, I laugh. It's my own awkwardness and discomfort about being an actor.
I was in high school when Will Ferrell was first on 'Saturday Night Live', and I remember thinking, 'Man, that guy is the funniest guy ever.'
The current Babe Ruth of improv? Sacha Baron Cohen. He's pretty amazing.
People constantly make pop-culture references. That's why it's called popular culture, because people are aware of it and reference it constantly.
My characters come from a good place.
I love cold weather.
There is a certain security in having a great supporting cast.
I'm intimidated anytime I work with someone who's directly outside my very insulated group of friends.
My mom's a social worker, and my dad works in non-profit organisations.
You don't have to put dresses in a movie to make girls like it.
I grew up in Vancouver, man. That's where more than half of my style comes from.
Really, if I'm honest, sci-fi is where my sensibility instinctively goes - I'm a big comic-book fan.
I didn't think I'd ever be an actor.
I'm proud to say that I've never had a normal job. I started doing stand-up when I was in high school, purely as a measure to never get a proper job.
People recognise me and come up to me sometimes, but I'm not like George Clooney.
I guess it's a kind of a goal for any actor to be the lead of a movie. Not for ego reasons, but because it is creatively the biggest challenge.
It's my mission to sue the MPAA and take them down. I don't know how to go about doing that. But to me, it seems like it's something that has to be taken care of.
I'm not entirely comfortable saying I'm an actor, because it seems like a very weird, almost dorky thing to say you are.
I feel much more comfortable as a writer than an actor. I feel like I am a much better writer than I am an actor.
I'm not one of those actors where filmmakers that I admire ask me to be in their movies. I meet them at parties and they're nice to me, but they never ask me to work with them.
With me, I probably work a lot more than people assume I do, but people don't realize how much work goes into writing and producing and making a movie.
I know most people don't like their jobs very much and don't get a lot of personal satisfaction from their jobs. That's something that I really do get a lot of.
Marriage can be expensive, and if I lose millions then it'll be the best millions I've spent.
A TV show is constant work, which is the great thing about it.
