American,Actor
PlayStation 3 is another form of meditation. Come on, when you're on set, all day? That's what I do in my trailer, I just play PlayStation 3.
I'm theater trained.
I'm not a leading guy.
I still really love acting. I find it really challenging. And I really love film; it's a lot of fun.
You still really fight for good parts. It never stops. It's never a breeze. The people at the top of their game work as hard as the people at the bottom.
I don't care if you've just won an Oscar, you still have to campaign for parts.
I love general history. That's all I read really. I don't read novels, I read history. I love it. I live in an area that's really rich in Civil War history. I live in Kentucky on a farm. A lot of revolution, a lot of military history I love.
I'm a good dad; I spend a lot of time with my kids.
Most people laugh at situations rather than a tagline anyway.
I'm always attracted to the vulnerable character more than I am the superhero.
Let me tell you something, planes and kids... I've got a 3 and 1 year old, I don't wish that on anybody.
You work with stand-up comedians or you work with somebody in theater, you work with somebody from 'Star Search' or 'Survivor' or a kid, it constantly changes how you play with people.
I love 'Safe Men.' Now it's getting all this culty kind of - it just came out on DVD. That was awesome. I read that script, I never laughed so hard in my life.
I've had more people come up to me about 'Saving Silverman' than anything else. That and 'That Thing You Do!' But 'Saving Silverman' is the one I get most often. And I love that.
I love 'Shattered Glass.' It's one of my favorite movies. I think it's just brilliant.
I just planted the family vegetables yesterday. You name it, I grow it.
I have raised beds, perennial beds, cut flower beds. I have an island on a pond that's just covered in peonies. I have an herb garden, tons of vegetables, raspberries. I have everything. I'm a green guy.
I lived in Minnesota in a small town.
It goes all the way back to 'Psycho.' Movies with twists like that are memorable because they're so simple.
Film is a strange thing.
I moved to New York to do theater, and I got cast in a play that was funny, and then I was the funny guy. I did a movie that was funny, and then I was the funny guy.
