Indian,Actor
Everything happening around me is very random. I am enjoying the phase, as the journey is far more enjoyable than the destination.
I think we are all insecure, and there is nothing wrong in accepting that. But the problem arises when we try to counter this insecurity by cultivating this illusion of control, and we start taking ourselves and everything we know too seriously.
For me, the opposite of happiness isn't sadness but boredom.
There are so many ways to approach a character. You have to figure out the similarities between you and the character, build on them, and at the same time, blur the dissimilarities. Since you do it day in and day out, it becomes a process and a part of you.
The best thing is to accept the circumstances, not take them personally, deal with them, stop complaining, and give everything your best.
I was the youngest child and the only son. I was expected to shine in academics. It seemed like too big a risk to take up cricket as a career. I thought I had to live up to my family's expectations. So I chose to be an engineer.
I crave for adventure. It makes me feel alive and excited. It's a constant tussle between what you want to do and other parameters that aren't in your hands.
No matter what you achieve, what you want to aspire to be, or how famous and powerful you become, the most important thing is whether you are excited about each and every moment of your life because of your work and people around you.
I've stopped taking myself seriously because now I understand how fickle my thoughts are.
I think people generally are lost, as they keep thinking about what is going to happen and what they have done. They are not alive anymore. The art of listening is missing. In their head, they are doing something else.
I pray to God every day that he makes me the biggest superstar, but before that, I ask God to make me a good actor. Being a star is hard, but being an actor is even harder. I want to be both before I am done.
Along with some of my college friends, I would often bunk classes and drive to Murthal, which is about 50 km from New Delhi, just to have some piping hot parathas. There was this small roadside dhaba where they would serve absolutely delicious aloo parathas with dollops of butter.
The only strong opinion that I have about myself is that I don't have any opinions.
To be able to make statements, you need to be confident about what you think. You need to have a sense of right and wrong.
I can also romance a guy if I like the character and the script. Obviously, only in the film!
Dibakar and Shekhar have the vision that we would associate with European cinema. They leave their actors on their own to give a personal narration on the screen.
Everything that is somehow related to direction and filmmaking fascinates me, like cinematography.
If you are seeing something for the first time, one of your first reactions should be fascination.
Theatre is a must for actors. They should try it at least once. It makes you disciplined, teaches you to respect your work, and boosts your confidence as an actor.
Instead of sounding pretentious, phony, or repetitive, I'd rather not speak.
My strength would be my honesty and my passion towards my work.
A man should definitely own a couple of blue denims, white crew neck T-shirt, a versatile blazer, comfortable pair of boxers, and coloured sneakers.
My favourite actor is Daniel Day Lewis. He's the finest actor in Hollywood. I've studied his performances.
I have seen extreme lows because of factors that were not in my hands - be it not having money to buy my first bike, dropping out of a prestigious engineering college without having a single rupee in my bank account, living with seven boys in a single-room kitchen in Mumbai, or eating nothing but khichdi every day. But I cherish all those moments.
I really wanted to buy a Range Rover. It was a big dream, and the day I bought it, I was very happy, but by evening, I was immune to it. That's when I realized that excitement, if it's happiness, is not in reaching the goal but in the process. Thus process trumps over realization.
If you spend time with your loved ones, you get the energy to do your job better.
Since I think I am very boring in normal life, I tend to hide behind all these exciting characters, making people believe that I am someone else entirely. That feeling is very powerful.
I have four elder sisters, and being the youngest, I was pampered.
I was a studious child, heavily into academics. For the longest time, I wouldn't talk.
I realised quite early that by the time I articulate my thoughts into words, I'm on to another thought. And what comes out wasn't what I thought of exactly. So not talking was a better option.
When I was young, I was supposed to study in the afternoon, and 4 - 5:30 P.M. was playtime. The entire day would revolve around that time. We would play anything - kabaddi, cricket. Those one and half hours would feel like 5 minutes.
I have songs that define characters from each film of mine. It can be a song from that particular film or something that just goes with the wavelength of the film; you listen to it, and it gives you that rhythm. I can't articulate how it helps, but it somehow gives you an understanding of the character.
You can't make two films at the same time.
I was offered 10-12 films during the time that we were working on 'Paani.'
I never think about what people will think when they watch me on screen.
I cannot think that I am a good cricketer and just become one. For this, one needs skill.
Both Dhoni and me, we are so interested in what we are doing right now that we don't sit and think about future. This thing commands your attention because you love it so much. Your experience is not distorted by your fear or desire to attain something.
The closest synonym of happiness is excitement, and you can generate it by doing something that you can't completely comprehend. This understanding makes the process rich and exciting.
We should never forget the inevitable, as we will lose everything eventually. So, why fret over any kind of security? The idea is to just fly and experience it all while it lasts.
I left everything I had to become an actor. So, I better be excited, or otherwise, there is no point in doing all this. Else I would end up being disappointed with whatever I achieve.
I am learning the importance of living in the moment.
I wanted to be a cricketer. But I was not skilled enough to be a national-level cricketer.
Cricketers have to perform in front of millions, and there are no retakes. If then you become a hero, you deserve all the accolades coming your way.
Frankly, I'm an actor right now because of Shah Rukh. When I was in school and even when studying engineering, I used to watch his films.
When I was in the eighth standard, I would dance to 'Suraj hua madham.' I have to achieve many things before I become even the 'S' of SRK.
It's cruel to compare two actors working with two different filmmakers on two different characters.
I have made a lot of mistakes, but I am proud of them all.
I am not a private person; you can ask those who hang out with me.
I come from a family of doctors and engineers, and everyone expected me to take up a similar career. That was the most natural thing to do!
I remember when the results of the All India Engineering exams came out. I ranked 7th. I even got a scholarship. But it was during the sixth semester of my engineering course that I decided to call it quits and pursue acting seriously.
I think, for every actor, the most challenging part of playing a character, specially a real-life character, is to convince yourself that you are the character.
I've been a fan of Dhoni for years. I've seen him play for India for over 10 years.
There is a very thin line dividing characterisation from impersonation. I've to make sure I don't cross over into mimicry.
My dad told me when I was very young, that I should not get married before 30. His only advice to me was to live my life.
I might not be over-enthusiastic about socialising and making friends, but I am not a loner. I love hanging out with my friends, and I do it often when I am not working. Maybe, since I am not often invited to the 'happening' parties of our industry, where the media is around, I have earned the reputation of being a loner.
Everybody is in a hurry to decode you in a certain way, and then they expect you to adhere to their definition. How can they possibly do that when you yourself are finding it hard to discover yourself?
Our job, as actors, is not to tell the audience how interesting we are, but to entertain them with our films.
People assume that actors working in films won't have the time to do theatre. But I make sure that whenever I'm free, I watch a play.
The equation I share with the camera doesn't change whether you place a camera in front of me or a live audience. Just the pay cheques differ. But that doesn't matter to me because I've so much money, I don't even think about it. It's just lying there.
Money was a big differentiator when I was growing up, but I made sure it doesn't stay that way.
What people think of me doesn't affect me. As bizarre as it sounds, I don't have a Google alert on my phone; I don't read newspapers, and I don't watch television. If something important happens, I will get to know about it.
What keeps me going are my learnings, which I would rather call my 'experience,' and my urge to explore.
An actor has to remember the primary reason why he chose the profession that he did. If every role that I do doesn't challenge me, then what is the point of being an actor?
Every character that I've chosen has made me evolve as an actor. And I am lucky that my directors have shown so much faith in my abilities.
I am not bothered with whether my characters are conventional or not. Because I am not in this for the designer labels and the autographs.
I am not saying that those who crave for conventional stardom are wrong in their aspirations. But that's not what I want.
If you are confident about yourself and wear what you love, you will exude a style of your own.
I despise women wearing too much makeup. It hides their actual beauty.
I love layering with great fitting jackets.
Four days a week, I do gymming, four days marital arts. Once a week I normally play lawn tennis, and once a week I horseride.
My morning starts with some form of exercise, and I give two hours - from 5:30 to 7:30 A.M. - to my personal fitness.
I have been blessed with strong leg muscles, and dancing really exercises one's legs.
My exercise regime is a mix of gymming, marital arts, sports, etc.
