Canadian,Actor
You can't become a dictator through checks and balances.
I was about sixteen when I discovered that music could get you laid, so I got into music boy, didn't matter what you looked like either, you could be a geeky looking guy but if you played music, whoa, you'd get the girls.
We won a contest at the teen fair in Vancouver and the first prize was a recording contract and we recorded at a radio station on the stairway, and we did a record and it got put out.
Everything that happens to me is very cosmic.
If I don't get paid I'm going to take a whole lot of Marshall amps home with me on the plane.
I'm just glad I can make a difference in someone's life.
People try to put ownership on things: 'That's mine, that's my joke.' No such thing. Like if you tripped or stumbled and people go, 'Oh, that's Charlie Chaplin.' You know what I mean? You can't own a joke. You can be the guy that tells it the best, but you can't own a joke. Nowhere can you own a laugh.
Activism, to me, I don't know if it really works. It may work for somebody else, but it does not work for me.
Life, especially in America, is ruled by corporations.
The smartest billionaires I know never finished high school. I got my degree and my doctorate on the street and an advanced degree in jail.
Awakening your spiritual side is really what artists do. When you hit a groove, it's not you; it's the spirit world.
I never did smoke that much pot; never was a big pothead.
The GRAMMY was a huge deal. It's the height of any musical career.
Cigarettes, I won't do cigarettes, nicotine will kill ya.
My incarceration was actually a positive thing from the beginning. I needed a gimmick to get my act going again, it gave me material.
The thing is about Cheech & Chong, we've brought more families together than Dr. Phil.
Comedy is the ultimate truth. Jazz is hitting the notes that that no one else would hit, and comedy is saying words that no one else would say.
But you can't exercise and be high. It's impossible.
Religion is run by thought police. 'Obey. Listen. This is what you do. Don't ask questions. Go die for your country.' The spirituality says, 'Okay, you can die for your country, but know what you're doing while you're doing it.'
When they put me in jail, that's when they turned me into an activist. Up until the time I went to jail, I was just a comedian.
The trouble when you're doing something illegal is that you know what you're doing. You're lying to your parents, you're lying to your kids. The only person you can't lie to is yourself.
Any excuse to live in New York and do art. Has to be one of the most rewarding experiences in the world.
Every time I get tested, I ask questions about it, and I watch how they do it.
I know, because I tried all sorts of ways of being in character, and the best way is to be totally straight.
I'm as clean as a whistle.
Maybe once in a while, you know, after a hard day of shooting or something like that, I'd kick back.
I know the musical world as well as I know the comedy world.
Cheech and I used to call ourselves musicians; we never called ourselves comedians. We were musicians that were funny.
What made me a comedian was that I wasn't really a songwriter, I was more of a poet.
'That '70s Show' was one of the highlights of my life. I didn't expect to be on it as long as I was.
