American,Actor
I have a really dry sense of humor. I don't think it's funny when people wink at the camera. That's more of an actor thing, just committing to whatever the thing is.
The great thing about a sitcom is that you're in front of a live audience, so you really get in touch with what audience reaction is, but also there are lots of elements of film that you're dealing with, and there's kind of a great boot camp or graduate school mentality to it, because you're going to suck.
The script for 'In Good Company' was the first one I ever showed my dad.
I do like any kind of project that has both comedy and drama in it because in life you don't have one day where everything is funny then the next day everything is dramatic.
I don't talk about my personal life with the press.
Most of my freshman year at USC, I'd just been partying, and I had zero direction.
I'm very social. It's just most of my friends are not actors.
My dad was a businessman, and he would say, 'Work for free at the best company. Don't get paid a lot of money to work with the worst people.' And that's exactly how I see my career.
Sometimes I get mad when I think that I only have maybe 40 or 50 more springs in New York. When I miss one, 'cause I'm on location for a film, I wanna go, 'That's it, that just cost me one of my 50!'
Working on 'Lonely, I'm Not' - I love the material so much, and it's spring in New York, so I'm walking home whistling every day.
I have a rule that I won't Google my own name.
I'm not a comedian, but I love the comedians who know when to get off the stage.
I don't want to be an editor! I don't want to direct; I'd be a horrible director. I don't want to write - I have a 'story by' credit on one film I did. And I don't want to edit at all.
It's hard to understand the films that you're in, because you never truly get to see them.
I worked at Suncoast Video for two years during the summer in high school.
I'm not just friends with fellow actors, but I find that a lot of people are out here in L.A. I go out of my way to make sure that's not the case, but I do have a lot of friends who are actors.
I think it's good to have a nice, healthy group of people all doing different things. A lot of my friends don't even work in Hollywood; they just happen to live in L.A.
My folks still live in my childhood home, and so when I'm home with them, I usually feel the best.
I do have a concern about projecting. I've never projected or had any reason to project before. In fact, the camera has only gotten closer to me going from TV to film.
I don't want to be an editor - I want to be really forward about that. I would be a horrible editor.
I would be a terrible director, I could never write anything. One of my great strengths is that I know all of my weaknesses.
That's the best thing about being an actor. If you're in a baseball movie, you walk away knowing way more about baseball, or if you're in a sci-fi film, you learn way more about Comic-Con, and so I loved all that.
It's kind of like, I love doing tons of different things. The only thing I hate is not being in ensembles.
I really loved when I started doing '70s Show,' though I had never acted before, so it was a great training ground being on a sitcom.
It is strange when you're a loser in college, which I was, to then get your own show.
I certainly like working harder than a lot of my peers. The trick is embracing it.
