American,Actor
The world is getting smaller and smaller every day. We cannot find ourselves dependent on somebody who is untrustworthy.
If you are an entrepreneur, you have to think outside of the box.
When you start a sentence with the word 'illegal', you've got nowhere to go. An illegal is illegal.
When it comes to jobs, jobs are just like products in the sense that the free market operates and sees that somebody gets paid what they're worth.
The rehearsal is where it all happens for an actor.
I'm not hiding anything. What you see is what you get.
I'm not saying I'm a paragon of virtue, but it's hard for me not to be honorable.
There is a big cry in California to stop everyone from running to Canada.
People in Hollywood are going make pictures where ever it's the least expensive to make them.
Villains never know they are villains in a picture so I play this like I'm the nicest guy in the world.
Everybody thinks about Bo Derek as being this extravagant looking lady but she is also a wonderful actress.
Yes, I loved MASH. As we are sitting here now talking, it's playing somewhere in the world.
You're in the public eye and you just hope that people don't come up and interrupt you while your in the middle of a meal or a conversation or something like that.
Those differences are what color the performance, but in the movies you don't get a chance to rehearse.
I'm one of those actors who likes to do it wrong nine ways before I come to the tenth way, which is the way I think it should be.
I love to be in the position of not knowing what I'm gonna do, but having rehearsed all of those so when something happens with the others actors I go with whatever that is I'm getting.
When your in the movie business you have a start date and a stop date.
I like to create a nice environment and let people reveal themselves instead of trying to trick them or surprise them with a hidden question.
There is no fun in getting into a debate or a contest of wills. If something important comes out of the conversation, okay. If not, that's okay, too.
I believe it's easier to be an actor. Somehow, interviewing seems to be intrusive on people's lives.
Somebody once told me I shouldn't try to change Hollywood. That isn't my point at all. I don't want Hollywood to change me.
I'd heard stories about business managers who lost their client's money. My feeling was that if I made any money, I wanted to lose it myself, to be the author of my own demise.
I may have a slightly paranoid nature, a fear of losing control of my life.
Acting is doing. It's not speaking; it's behavior. It's something happening, even if you're only listening.
I have always been interested in theater, as an actor and as someone who looks upon theater - at the risk of sounding pretentious - as an icon by which we measure society... My life has been in the theater to an extent. It's only an extension to write, direct, produce, whatever.
You can't change the market; the market just is.
