Canadian,Actor
You have to create your life. You have to carve it, like a sculpture.
I didn't realize that, in doing a documentary, there is this process of discovery. It's not like a film or a play with a set script. It sort of reveals itself.
Why does the lizard stick his tongue out? The lizard sticks its tongue out because that's the way its listening and looking and tasting its environment. It's its means of appreciating what's in front of it.
We meet aliens every day who have something to give us. They come in the form of people with different opinions.
If saving money is wrong, I don't want to be right!
Regret is the worst human emotion. If you took another road, you might have fallen off a cliff. I'm content.
It was the early 1970s and I was recently divorced. I had three kids and was totally broke. I managed to find work back east on the straw-hat circuit - summer stock - but couldn't afford hotels, so I lived out of the back of my truck, under a hard shell.
Montreal is a very cosmopolitan, sophisticated, erudite, educated, glorious city today. But it wasn't quite that way when I was growing up there. There was a lot of anti-Semitism. And I had to deal with that in an area of the city that had very few Jews.
I love the concept of togetherness and the entwinement of marriage.
There's an ecstasy about doing something really good on film: the composition of a shot, the drama within the shot, the texture... It's palpable.
My beautiful wife is dead. She meant everything to me. Her laughter, her tears and her joy will remain with me the rest of my life.
The good life is one that's artistically made.
I believe that when things happen, they happen with a purpose.
Remember - you can't beam through a force field. So, don't try it.
No, I don't regret anything at this point. That may change on the next phone call, but at the moment I don't regret anything.
This is my saddest story: In grade school, they would have us open our Valentine's cards and read them out loud. I always sent cards to myself because nobody else did.
The longer I go about living, I see it's the relationship that is most meaningful.
I find age such a foreign concept. I have to be reminded. I still have the extraordinary feeling of adventure, striking out into unknown fields.
The conundrum of free will and destiny has always kept me dangling.
If we can clean up our world, I'll bet you we can achieve warp drive.
I'm a performer, comedian, entertainer, writer and director.
There's a joy and a pain about directing where the dreams you have are becoming concrete but the attention to detail, the need for time is such that it's overwhelming at times, and the stream of responsibility.
Marriage is a reflection of your life in general: how you treat people, how you argue, how secure you are in your own thoughts. How vehemently do you argue your point of view? With what disdain do you view the other's point of view?
The possibilities that are suggested in quantum physics tell us that everything that we're looking at may not be in fact there, so the underlying nature of being is weird.
I've been breeding Dobies for years. Almost won the breed in Westminster at one time.
Over the years, I've become barraged by comments from people, such as, 'Beam me up, Scotty!' and I became defensive. I felt they were derisive and engendered an attitude. I am grateful for the success, but didn't want to be mocked.
The basic quality that any great story must have is a story that illustrates the human condition.
Acting is easier - writing is more creative. The lazy man vies with the industrious.
Writing is truly a creative art - putting word to a blank piece of paper and ending up with a full-fledged story rife with character and plot.
All in all, Kirk's character is something I am very proud of.
I think the supernatural is a catch-all for everything we don't understand about the vast other parts of life that we cannot perceive.
But if you want to know the truth, the weirdest thing that has happened has been my discovery that people who attend the conventions are filled with love.
A director is a choreographer, both politically and creatively.
If you read my books, especially the Star Trek books and the Quest for Tomorrow books, you'll see in them the core theme of the basic humanistic questions that Star Trek asked.
Captain Kirk has been a source of pleasure and income for a long time.
And I enjoyed the celebrity and the creativity that was involved in Star Trek.
When I did the film Generations, in which the character died, I felt like a guest for the first time. That made me very sad.
I also derive a great deal of pleasure from horses and dogs... the ocean... and love.
I think of doing a series as very hard work. But then I've talked to coal miners, and that's really hard work.
I've got rock 'n' roll in my blood.
If you make a fool of yourself, you can do it with dignity, without taking your pants down. And if you do take your pants down, you can still do it with dignity.
I'm looking for the perfect paintball movie.
Here's something pompous - you take your day and artistically create it, so every moment has an artistic flavor.
Spencer Tracy was a man who did very much what I do on a set, and that is, he comes down and he does his job, and then he goes back to his dressing room.
A series is filled with compromises.
I was built for the long run, not for the short dash, I guess.
I think making a good film shot is joyful.
I hate flying, flat out hate its guts.
How do I stay so healthy and boyishly handsome? It's simple. I drink the blood of young runaways.
Nobody could have imagined the phenomenon that 'Star Trek' became. It's still almost impossible to imagine.
In my proudest moments, I think I had a real hand in the creative force of making 'Star Trek.' But most of the time, I don't think about it.
Every day I realized I would not be a star.
I often conduct interviews in my truck.
It's irksome to read about someone I don't recognize. It frightens me.
I love to evoke the bones and meat and thoughts of characters.
Although I'm a business major out of McGill University, I know nothing... but then I found out much later in life, nobody knows anything.
So many dot-com companies were formulated on air.
My plan has always been to return to Broadway every 50 years.
When I direct and have to look at filmed scenes of myself, I suck.
I never watched 'Star Trek.'
I played comedies and dramas.
Getting that audience approval is always a question mark, and it's always that flag that flutters in front of you.
I did a movie in Esperanto.
I'm anxious to make another film.
I thought I was loved.
I don't know how to deal with being 80.
Fate gives you the finger and you accept.
Things people say strike me as amusing, and I am prone to saying out loud what everybody's thinking.
We live in grief for having left the womb, for having left the teat, then school, then home. In my case, it was leaving marriages, and the death of my wife.
Death is an absolute marvel.
Well-written words are music.
Ads need to be little pieces of entertainment.
When there are tiers of meaning in an ad it intrigues the audience and they look for it again and again.
My site has the whole thing - blogs, information, video interviews.
I see people putting text messages on the phone or computer and I think, 'Why don't you just call?'
The only subject I know anything about is myself and I don't know that too clearly.
I don't know how I got to this point but it must be as a result of everything that has come before so if I were to change something, I might not be at this point now.
What is down will go up. At the same time, you have to be prepared for what is up to go down.
It's very easy to say no to leaving the house.
I don't read reviews.
If I'm given an opportunity to do something, I do it. Or else I fool around with it.
Gradually the live TV scene simmered out, replaced by film, and that took place in L.A. So many actors left New York.
I love living in Los Angeles.
I don't think in terms of God.
I have been accused of never saying no.
I believe in taking what happens as inevitable.
I didn't want to do the sitcom thing, but I didn't know what else to do.
I sometimes find that in interviews you learn more about yourself than the person learned about you.
The name Shatner is Austrian and partly Germanic, and there's Germanic reticence and silence perhaps, but there is passion underneath.
My dad was good with actions.
Divorce is probably as painful as death.
Most people, including myself, keep repeating the same mistakes.
There's too many people in the world.
The ability to breathe the air and drink the water will be what the wars will be about from here on in. And it's coming with alarming rapidity.
I'm just quizzical about how things work and why things are.
I can't type. Can't do it.
The essence of paint ball is the fact that when you get hit by a ball full of paint, it hurts just enough to say, 'Ow, I gotta get out of the way,' but not enough to say, 'I quit.'
Tabloid stuff just offends.
Writing an acceptance speech gives you the expectation of winning, and you are therefore devastated or hurt if you didn't win.
My dad died of a stroke.
Exercise? A Jew doesn't exercise.
Nature is perfect.
All any artist can do is please themselves.
I'm always open to the possibility that somebody's got a better idea than I have. It happens with some frequency.
My understanding is, the fans are so ravenous in Canada, they gnaw on the stars.
I'm an optimist.
The political scene is already so turgid, it doesn't need more of that from me.
I had been in a Shakespeare company for three years and done a lot of Shakespeare. That was fun. That was interesting.
I'm not out to convince anybody of anything.
I know very little about the viral, electronic world, but I use Twitter to communicate not only information that I think some of the fans want to hear about but also ideas.
Everybody has their 15 minutes, and those 15 minutes should be spent in a private limo and a private plane. It's the ultimate.
A stage actor has to be 10% aware of the audience as he's performing.
I've been approached to do some things with astronauts and the preparation that astronauts go through.
The actor is in the hands of a lot of other people, over which he has no control.
Every piece of entertainment is made with the idea that 'This is going to be terrific' and 'This is the best thing I've ever done' and then it hits the public and then the public tells you whether it's good or bad.
When I'm interviewing somebody I don't work from prepared questions.
I've never not appeared in front of a live audience for any longer period than a month or two.
At 40, I went to bed for three days. I thought my life is over.
No matter how prosaic something is that you've done and been a part of again and again, there is so much more there that you haven't seen.
A tree you pass by every day is just a tree. If you are to closely examine what a tree has and the life a tree has, even the smallest thing can withstand a curiosity, and you can examine whole worlds.
My mother was an exuberant, silly lady.
I am private.
Yeah, I do stand-up, my own type of stand-up.
The great mystery of our consciousness is beyond our grasp.
My name is William Shatner, and I am Canadian!
I love technology.
I've never been without a dog. I've made trips across the country with a dog.
I spent years doing 'Star Trek' bits and things, and a lot of people loved it, a lot of people mocked it.
I like making people laugh. It comes off and shines in everything I do.
Instead of playing something heavily, I play it lightly. Since people like to cast cyclically, once you've done one thing, people want to put you in that bag again. And since I want to work, I let it happen.
In entertainment, whether it's movies or television or whatever, I'm a great audience, but I don't remember the names of the people I've seen or the groups that I've heard.
I'm not technically adept at music, but I'd love to be part of a discussion of where progressive rock ends and country music begins.
I see myself as an actor with a love of music.
I love horses. There's something practical and mystical about them.
I'm gonna reveal something to you that's going to come as a shock: If you're a stupid young man, you're usually a stupid old man. Most people, including myself, keep repeating the same mistakes.
Voice acting is very interesting, I've done several animated projects, and you have to make the voice reflect the character and try and do as much with a word as you can with a look in a live-action film.
If someone criticizes my acting, they may be right.
My fear is dying badly, through illness or injury. But what a glorious demise it would be to burn up in space.
I love technology. Matches, to light a fire, is really high tech. The wheel is really one of the great inventions of all time. Other than that, I am an ignoramus about technology.
I am not a Starfleet commander, or T.J. Hooker. I don't live on Starship NCC-1701, or own a phaser. And I don't know anybody named Bones, Sulu, or Spock.
With three kids, it was always very, very tight, and it was always a scramble for what was my next job. So I learned never to go into debt because I don't want those monthly payments to preoccupy my thoughts.
I was always working. Maybe you weren't aware of the movies I was making, or the television I was doing, or the shows I was creating, or the books I was writing; there have been thirty. But I have always been solidly at work, running as fast as I can.
I don't watch television.
The problem is I don't know anything or anyone. I am so focused on the immediate picture in front of me.
I watch movies and sports. I can count on the fingers of my hand the number of times I have watched an hour show. I never watch a half-hour show, and I never watch myself.
