American,Actor
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.
The first step is you have to say that you can.
I've always considered myself to be just average talent and what I have is a ridiculous insane obsessiveness for practice and preparation.
Money and success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there.
The things that have been most valuable to me I did not learn in school.
I want the world to be better because I was here.
And where I excel is ridiculous, sickening, work ethic. You know, while the other guy's sleeping? I'm working.
So if you stay ready, you ain't gotta get ready, and that is how I run my life.
If you're not willing to work hard, let someone else do it. I'd rather be with someone who does a horrible job, but gives 110% than with someone who does a good job and gives 60%.
Life is lived on the edge.
I have a great time with my life, and I wanna share it.
You can cry, ain't no shame in it.
I was raised in a Baptist household, went to a Catholic church, lived in a Jewish neighborhood, and had the biggest crush on the Muslim girls from one neighborhood over.
I don't know what my calling is, but I want to be here for a bigger reason. I strive to be like the greatest people who have ever lived.
We all want to be in love and find that person who is going to love us no matter how our feet smell, no matter how angry we get one day, no matter the things we say that we don't mean.
I've trained myself to illuminate the things in my personality that are likable and to hide and protect the things that are less likeable.
For me, there is nothing more valuable than how people feel in a movie theater about a movie.
I would have absolutely messed up 'The Matrix'.
I'm a student of patterns. At heart, I'm a physicist. I look at everything in my life as trying to find the single equation, the theory of everything.
There's so much negative imagery of black fatherhood. I've got tons of friends that are doing the right thing by their kids, and doing the right thing as a father - and how come that's not as newsworthy?
In my mind, I've always been an A-list Hollywood superstar. Y'all just didn't know yet.
Well, all I know is what I read in the papers.
Traditional education is based on facts and figures and passing tests - not on a comprehension of the material and its application to your life.
When you create art, the world has to wait.
A rapper is about being completely true to yourself. Being an actor is about changing who you are.
I've viewed myself as slightly above average in talent. And where I excel is ridiculous, sickening work ethic.
