American,Musician
I stay true to myself and my style, and I am always pushing myself to be aware of that and be original.
Keep working hard and you can get anything that you want.
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing.
I want people to remember me as a full on entertainer and a good person.
You have to love what you do to want to do it everyday.
I think it's important to take a break, you know, from the public eye for a while, and give people a chance to miss you. I want longevity. I don't want to get out there and run myself ragged and spread myself thin.
I know that people think I'm sexy and I am looked at as that. It is cool with me. It's wonderful to have sexy appeal. If you embrace it, it can be a very beautiful thing.
If I don't think about it, it won't drive me crazy.
If you want to go to the mall, you have to take security. But it's always cool. The kids are amazing.
I'm a total performer.
I'm the interpreter. I'm the one who takes your words and brings them to life. I was trained to sing and dance and laugh, and that's what I want to do.
It's hard to say what I want my legacy to be when I'm long gone.
There are certain things I want to keep to me. I don't discuss my private life.
There are times I can't even figure myself out.
I began to work the stage and get the audience into it. I also learned how to have fun out there. It is something I will never forget.
It's really a sad story, and I liked that. The songs on this album talk about relationships in every aspect.
There are times in my life when I just want to be by myself.
All I can do is leave it in God's hands and hope that my fans feel where I'm coming from.
Because I came out as a singer, I took the time to get an acting coach.
I don't feel I made any sacrifices at all. I'm doing my best to juggle.
I don't think about my previous success. I'm happy that the work I've done has been very successful.
I don't want to abandon one work for the other, and I don't think I need to sacrifice anything to put my all into either one of them.
I have the time needed to support the album and tour.
I'm involved in some action scenes, so they'll train me for that. I'll be working with my acting coach to prepare for my character.
In film, you are a totally different person than in the video.
It was always part of the plan to move into acting.
