American,Musician
Be honest, be nice, be a flower not a weed.
Every morning I wake up and thank God.
It's up to God to do the judging. You haven't walked in my boots, so how are you going to judge me?
I was very surprised when I heard that I had been chosen to receive the James Cardinal Gibbons Award.
'Yellow Moon' was a poem. My wife at the time, Joel - she's dead now - it was our 25th anniversary. She had the chance to go on a cruise with her sister. And I'm home with the kids and looking up, and I saw the big moon, and I just started writing.
Until I went to rehab, I didn't understand what it did.
When I'm singing, I connect the dots with notes.
I just sing what I feel in my heart. I ain't trying to prove nothing, and I don't think I ever did.
Ain't no place like New Orleans. It's one of kind.
Every day, some act of kindness comes my way, even if it's just someone opening the door. It happens every day if you keep an eye out for it. Keeping an eye out, that's the key.
My drummer, bass player, and guitar player sing backgrounds. They play and sing. I can sing all the harmonies, but I can't do it alone.
You try to do what you can to bring harmony wherever you go.
When I'm singing, it's a mixture of my innocence in the projects, my mom and dad. It's all the good and the bad, the laughs and the frowns that I went through and seen other people go through. Then you be trying to write it. Whatever's coming out, you try and make it all cool.
I even done a doo-wop version of the Mickey Mouse march.
I eat a lot of fish to stay healthy.
I'll be singing with The Blind Boys of Alabama, which is a great joy to me. I've done some work with them before, and they truly are amazing.
It's one of the greatest festivals in the world. New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Fest is the best all-around... It's an honor to be closing it.
If we were poor, we didn't know it 'cause I guess you don't miss what you never had. So, you know, we made do with whatever. We used to make our own toys, and we used to play with spinning tops and marbles. A pocket full of marbles, and you were rich - you didn't worry about no money.
My favorite prayer is Footprints in the Sand. You know that prayer? I know the times that he carried me, you know? I kind of wore him out.
In New Orleans, music is part of the culture. You're raised with it, from the cradle to the grave, and all in-between.
Growing up my mother played Sarah Vaughan and Nat Cole in the house regularly.
I always loved Sam Cooke, because he seemed very versatile. He sang gospel, soul, blues, pop music.
I think things happened the way they did for a reason.
My friends and I were wild and we liked to joy-ride.
When you were a kid, a day was a long time and a year was a long time.
If you had told me I'd be making 62 tomorrow, I'd say you were lying.
When I get down to Louisiana, I get to have a taste of some of that great food.
I balance with prayer and music. I sing every day.
Sometimes in the middle of the night, I wake up with a song in my head, and I have to finish it so I can fall back asleep.
People are living a lot longer these days and not preparing for it. I'm in the gym and, you know, using my voice.
A lot of my solo albums were produced by different people who had their idea of what songs I should do, and they had me doing a lot of ballads.
I worked with the Neville Brothers for 40-some years on the highway, and up and down since I can remember - funk from New Orleans.
I think the Creator renews me.
I've had problems with my throat over the years, playing with loud bands for years, and I've had bruised vocal chords and nodules.
The gospel music and doo-wop is what has informed me personally.
I'm here now because of my faith. That's what got me singing and what has kept me singing. That is what I have: what has kept me doing right and has provided me with the chances and the attitude and the skills to do this.
Singing is my entire life. I nearly lost that. I am so blessed to be able to do this. It's the only thing I've ever wanted to do.
Don Was is a friend of mine; we've done projects together over the years.
When I was growing in the Callope project, we had an oval parkway. Pavement ran around this whole thing. We'd skate or ride bicycles. There were benches and trees out there. It was paradise to us. They finished building it the same year I was born.
I've been into every doo-wop there is. I think I went to the university of doo-wop-ology.
My brother Art was a doo-wopper. He had a group that sat out on a park bench in New Orleans and sang harmonies at night, and they'd go around and win all the talent shows and get all the girls, you know.
I used to always sing my way into the movies and the basketball games or whatever. I'd sing for whoever's on the door, and they'd let me in. I used to think I was Nat King Cole back in the day, you know. So I'd sing something like, 'Mona Lisa, Mona Lisa, men have named you,' and they'd let me in.
I started listening to gospel when I was a little boy and my grandmother used to rock me on her lap.
My dad and my mom were big Nat King Cole fans, so they had everything he did.
I always feel I'm blessed, you know. I thank God for letting me use his voice. That's how I see it.
When I was living in the projects, I had a mop stick for my horse. I wanted to be Gene Autry or Roy Rogers, so I would ride my mop through the projects.
That's one thing you hear in my voice today. I could yodel from one octave to another octave. It always fascinated me.
I know that God is good, and he saved me from hell and damnation.
Age and numbers are a concept made up by man.
I grew up singing Ray Charles and Jimmy Reed.
God is waiting for us, to forgive us all, and what is broken, he'll fix.
I know the fact that I was born means I have to die, so my only aim is to reach out and help someone along the way.
You've just got to sing, do some kind of singing every day. Early mornings and cold weather can mess with that. I drink special teas with cayenne pepper, but I think you're psyching yourself out, really.
There are so many songs in my heart and in my brain. I wake up at 2 in the morning, and I have to get up and sing them. There are so many of them, it's ridiculous.
The music of the Clovers and Spaniels and the rest was like candy to me. I couldn't get enough; my teachers probably thought I had attention deficit disorder.
My mother turned me onto St. Jude back in the days when I was wild and crazy. She took me to the shrine on Rampart Street.
I think St. Jude helped me achieve some miracles in my life - that's why I wear the medallion in my left ear and never take it out.
I am very honored and excited to have 'Devotion' released as the first DVD Audio disc... surround sound is amazing... The music comes alive and is so vibrant - it's unlike anything you've ever heard before!
I don't want to be on the road all my life.
Singing is a prayer to me.
New Orleans will always be in my heart. New Orleans raised me - it's in my blood.
I never left doo wop.
My brothers and I would sit out on the park bench and harmonize.
Man, I was scared. I didn't know what to think. All of a sudden, I got a record climbing the charts, and I'm out in the streets. You know, workin' on the docks. And the first week, it sold something like 40,000 in New Orleans.
When I sang, I couldn't help making those little curves. People would say, 'Why don't you sing straight?' But I have always had to put something in.
Working with the brothers can put pressure on my voice, so I choose to do my own solo thing so I can save my voice. I couldn't do both now. The Neville Brothers is a funk band; they play loud, and I have a strong voice.
Beyonce is cool, and she can really sing.
I dig Steve Harvey: he's the suit man. I be checking him out.
Being at the Apollo, I was always starstruck.
I'm waiting for them to come up with a 'Star Trek' thing so they can beam me from my house to the gigs and back.
When I first went out on the road with Larry Williams, there was also, like, The Coasters, The Drifters, and The Flamingos.
I remember going up and doing 'Bridge Over Troubled Water' with Paul Simon, Santana playing up there with us.
You never know how much time you got.
