American,Musician
I've been kind of toying around with the bi thing in my head. I wouldn't ever give myself the label 'bisexual', but bi-curious? Yea.
Female performers have been doing this for years - pushing the envelope about sexuality - and the minute a man does it, everybody freaks out.
There's not a blueprint for me to follow.
There are female artists I can look at that I find more in common with than the male artists, because they're blending the pop, dance and theatricality... but currently there aren't a lot of guys who go there.
I wouldn't ever give myself the label bisexual, but bi-curious, yeah.
I'm proud of my sexuality. I embrace it. It's just another part of me.
I like to get real pretty.
There was a lot of me trying to be a 'fixer.' I was that kind of guy. I'd meet someone who had 'so much potential' that needed 'help.' I think that was kind of my curse for a long time.
Carving out an identity for yourself is important so I'm trying to do that as well.
Yeah, I think speculation keeps things really interesting.
You can't plan everything - if I did a performance exactly how I rehearsed it, it would be so boring.
The kids that are different and out there and expressive and are bold with those choices, those are the people that grow up to be people we all want to hang out with, that become celebrities or become really successful in what they do because they believe in who they are.
I love myself and I am a good person.
Coming up with something new and original is so exciting.
I try to go throughout my daily life just as if nothing has changed, but you don't have much anonymity anymore, which feels really good. People come up, and say hi and they enjoy your work.
I am gay, and I'm very comfortable with it.
I've been known to make out with girls from time to time. Couple drinks involved, you know. It's fun. And who knows? Maybe it'll go further someday. I don't know.
I have crushes on women all the time. I don't have intimate relationships with them, but I find women beautiful.
I don't think it should be a surprise for anyone to hear that I'm gay.
I'm trying to be a singer, not a civil rights leader.
I knew that it was my only shot to be taken seriously in the recording industry, because it's fast and broad.
I think theatricality is just one way of performing. I don't think it's a better way or the way, but it's my way.
Wait a minute, I'm a fan of yours; you can't be a fan of mine!
I think you kind of have to put yourself out there.
The biggest risk I've ever taken is going on American Idol and trying to be myself. I wasn't going to try too hard to conform, and I knew that it could possibly not work out.
It's been a transformative period and I really wanted to make music from what I've experienced.
I wanted the focus to be on my ability as a singer and as an entertainer - not on my private life.
I have crushes on women all the time.
Conforming is not cool.
I've sung other people's music all my life.
I get why certain actors want to stay in the closet.
I nitpick details.
After my tour I had time to stay at home, be with my boyfriend and hang out with friends and that brought me down to earth and helped me write music from a more relaxed place.
I think, for the majority of my twenties, I was always so concerned with what I didn't have, or what I still wanted.
Nowadays in pop, there's not a lot of men that are singing big and loud and high - it's not as common as it once was.
I'm trying to convey to my audience that you really can't judge a book by its cover, and there's more to the universe than you can see with your eyes.
You know, if it weren't for these fans, I wouldn't have gotten as far as I did.
I never wore full-on eyeliner in high school, but I wanted to.
I was afraid to express myself for a while.
I had self-esteem issues into my early 20s.
I didn't feel attractive in high school.
I had a lot of fun with my costume designer.
My first album was completed in three months.
I've always been fond of the glam-rocker title.
For me, one of the important things about keeping vocally healthy is warming up and making sure I'm aware where my voice is at, drinking lots of water and getting plenty of sleep, and just taking care of myself with exercise and eating healthy.
My M.O. is just do what you do and don't feel like you have to make apologies for it. I'm sure there will come a point when I have to apologize for something, but not yet.
I try not to get trapped in any one musical or visual style at all.
I breeze through Twitter - I look at the mentions, the pictures, the videos.
I think the difficult thing is the transition between TV competition series and going into the actual music industry. There still seems to be a slight disconnect there.
I think sometimes we're meant to do something but things aren't lined up correctly.
I'm very inspired by past music.
I'm inspired by history, different periods.
When you dance and move around it creates a different reaction from the audience - they love it.
I would love to do a live show with dancers and fashion and scenic elements - definitely bring my love of the theater to a concert-style performance.
I want to upset people, I want to make people think, I want to keep people interested.
I was a big fan of Middle Eastern elements of music and experimental electronic and tribal sounds.
I think it's up to the parents to discern what their child is watching on television.
I'm so happy to be in a committed relationship.
I haven't had many relationships.
When I was in high school I was 250 pounds.
The way I look at it is everybody should have the right to get married, if they so choose.
Right now, I'm not really thinking about marriage.
In middle school, I really didn't have music, but in high school, I remember taking a lot of choir and drama.
My dad is a Deadhead, my mom's a Jewish-American princess from Jersey.
People want to talk about whether I have rock cred, whether I'm selling out, the theatricality, the gay stuff... Chill out! And just enjoy yourself.
Los Angeles can be a really sad city.
I listen to crazy, robust rock music where they sing their faces off, and soul music, which can be similar.
I started rejecting the proper way to sing and I started singing.
Pop is a little bit theatrical. That's the whole vibe. That's the point - is that it's great music, great melodies, great hooks. But, on top of it, it's a presentation. There's a showmanship about it. And that's why I wanted to be a pop star.
I definitely have my opinions that I'm very vocal about and I'm not afraid to put them out there.
I just talk a lot, that's the problem.
Fame is a very strange animal.
My wish is for gay to become less of a label, and more of just one of many great colors in the collective box of humanity.
