Scottish,Musician
Just because you can leap off a drum kit doing a scissors kick while hitting a chord, people expect you to be an extrovert socially. But I'm not always comfortable with the idea of small talk at a party.
I want to make music that will make the blood surge in your veins, music that will get people up and dance.
It's easy to be lazy when there's food lying around backstage or there's a fast-food joint a couple blocks away. But if you walk a little further, ask around a bit, of course there are exciting things to discover.
The best songwriting comes from being as creative as you can and editing it down to the good bits, essentially.
Arty. To me the word's got as much venom associated with it as 'wacky'.
It doesn't matter how adventurous you want to be, you've still got to contain your identity.
Maybe 'Can't Stop Feeling' and 'Turn It On' we'll just release as singles. It's a thing The Beatles used to do which I really loved, the idea of releasing something as a single completely on its own.
I'm not a food critic, and I'm not really an authority to write anything on food.
A lot of food criticism has a similar flavor to it, and I'm probably going to write about it in a different way.
Being in a band didn't buy me my beans on toast!
There's a character that I play onstage, and I can't let him loose in the supermarket when I'm buying my beans on toast.
I didn't grasp the basic principle of being a promoter, which was: Put on music but also generate an income. I was on the dole most of the time.
Traditionally, lots of vagrants and unemployable characters wind up working in kitchens.
Although they might not admit it, I think girls are very aware of the impact that they're having. But they never feel it themselves, and it's impossible to explain. It's like trying to tell a blind person what yellow is.
Men behave very oddly in the company of attractive women.
People's musical tastes are fickle, and music can be a fashion.
You really only understand whether a song's good or not when you properly play it out in public for the first time.
The internet is like a gossipy girls' locker room after school, isn't it?
I'd rather eat a cow-pat on a bun than a bloody McDonalds.
You can only begin to be great when you embrace a sense of your own ridiculousness.
If I was a fan of someone as a teenager, then it's OK for me to feel completely in awe when I meet them.
Ideally, musicians belong outside the Establishment. When they cross that line, it's like something in them has died.
If success had come along when I was 17 it would either have killed me or sent me completely mad.
Surely every band wants to be a pivotal point in history.
There's a difference between expectations and aspirations.
A lot of bands have the enthusiasm kicked out of them by playing really dreary pub venues that just churn bands through.
