American,Musician
I actually got into music because of art and because of skateboarding: All those graphics and punk bands and fanzines - they were glued together in my brain.
I hate sunshine so much. I can only cope with it when it's bitterly, bitterly cold.
I have so many ideas while I'm driving.
Over the years, my art box has gotten bigger and bigger.
Painting is almost like a sport. It's like this action thing. When I do it, I'm really not thinking. The paintings are like a diary that I might not want to read again.
I write music visually.
Being on the road, I think, is the most organised part of my life. You know where you have to be every day; you know what your job is every day. I crave that tiny bit of stability, which anyone else would think is the most unstable way of living, ever.
If I acted like I did onstage in normal life, everyone would probably hate me.
I just sang at first - I didn't ever play guitar before The Kills.
When you do music, your friends are writers, actors, painters. It's all under the same roof. So anything creative is interesting to me.
I get along great with my family. My parents are really proud of me and my brother, who's a chef here in New York. I don't see my parents often, but they're very supportive, especially as I get older.
If I'm at a party, and there are lots of people running around, you'll most likely find me on the floor, painting... I want to be at the party, but I want to do something. I'm just not very idle at all.
I do always want to be creating something; I can't help it. I don't know why that is, but I'm certainly not gonna knock it now, at the age of 36. It seems to be working.
It's fun and super exciting to see how other people work, how other people write music, and how other people put things together. To me, it's an endless learning process, and I love doing it because everybody works so completely differently.
When I was really young, my mum used to make my clothes - I hated that. I liked the way boys dressed - I still do. I wanted to wear what they wore.
Record covers still inspire me in terms of clothes, some bands just look sharp. But I still wear stuff I owned when I was 16.
Touring can be repetitive at times.
You have a physical human reaction to something that another human being made. When you remove the human from it, and you chop it up, make it all perfect, you have a different reaction. Something is not there. You can feel it when it's there.
When you're recording in the midst of touring, you get a different sense about you. Things are more rocking, darker, heavier and louder. You're thinking about the audience that you're seeing every night.
In the studio, you can always stop, rewind and do it again, but on stage, you can never do that - it's a different energy. It separates good bands from bad bands, being able to play, perform and really capture an audience. I think that's the hardest part.
Everybody wants you to do this thing that you've always been doing forever. That's what they want: they want Martin Scorsese to make the same film two hundred times rather than trying to be something different.
I used to go to a lot of Pam Hogg shows. The thing about London Fashion Week is that, generally, we're on tour and traveling around, so it's very rare that I actually catch it. I like to go to Burberry because I know a few girls who work there. I kind of follow friends.
Every day, it's a different country, different time zone. If you asked me where home was, I've never felt like I've had that. My idea of comfort is to leave a place. Two weeks is sort of my max.
The crazy colors tend to wash out so quick. Basically, it ensures that you never wash your hair, so it starts to do some cool stuff.
I love Tokyo, I've been several times. The first trip was just weird; it was a weird time. It was in the '90s, and it was different then.
Lollapalooza, that was one of my worst shows. We just played at, like, 3 in the afternoon; it was like the hottest, most miserable thing. My shoes were melting. I just thought I was going to die. It was the most horrible experience. I lasted, what, four songs? In front of quite a lot of people. That was one of my least favorites.
