Dutch,Musician
The waltz can be sad and at the same time uplifting. You have to see life from both sides, and the waltz encapsulates that. If you're in my audience you give yourself to me and the waltz will grab you.
We should make decisions in life with our hearts, not our brains, not only in music but in daily life.
I know that when I like music, when it touches my heart, that it will touch your heart, too. That, I think, is the secret to my success.
The classical music world is so snobbish.
Other people might want a Ferrari, but I wanted a butterfly house. I built it together with a blacksmith. We designed it together.
It doesn't matter as long as there's interaction between me and the audience. That's why they come.
People don't come to my concerts because they know the program. They come because they love the atmosphere and because they know that when I offer them a program it will be a night they never forget.
When I'm not on tour, I love to have a long breakfast at home in my garden.
I have 120 people in my payroll without any government giving me any money. We live off the tickets and the records I sell. That is very unusual.
Now, I've changed my life to make sure I work only on what I love.
I was a fat child and loved cake, perhaps because it was the only sweet thing in my life.
I'm an un-healable positive optimist.
I think there are people who use classical music to say, 'I am better than you, because I know all the rules and you don't.' You're not allowed to have fun or entertain.
Mozart composed his music not for the elite, but for everybody.
I am travelling half the year around the world, every year, so coming home is one of the most beautiful things.
I have two speeds, nothing and full pelt.
I believe that music in itself heals and that everything is about the power of the mind. I thought if you are happy, you don't get ill. Your health is in your head. When you are satisfied with your work, you don't get ill.
The waltz is a very important part of my life. It's a very important way for me to express my positiveness, bringing humor to the world.
It is my personality alone that has brought back the waltz and made it a global craze.
I first picked up a violin aged five - I just assumed everyone played.
Critics or musicians who attack me are jealous of my success and the fact that I make people feel so happy.
I am a showman in the traditional sense, but modern, too. I like to use sets and lighting to create magic.
When my twin grandchildren, Linda and Lyeke, were born two years ago, it changed me. I felt it was the essence of what life is about, and I cried all day. When my son Pierre, their father, was born I didn't cry like that.
I was the black sheep of the family, and my mother never really understood me.
Where would I be without Johann Strauss's beautiful 'Blue Danube?' Without this piece of music I wouldn't be the man I am today. It's a tune that brings out the emotion in everyone and makes them want to waltz.
You go to a pop concert or a classical concert but there's nothing in between.
