Indian,Musician
There are many people who are behind whatever I've achieved so far. My dad, Daboo Malik, is my mentor and guiding light who supported and influenced me. Without him, I wouldn't have been able to be what I am today. Besides him, Salman Khan is yet another important person who is my biggest and constant inspiration.
You may come and go, but the real test is to see how long one can manage to stay in the game.
I think recreations are a good thing if done right because it can be very dangerous also. If you do something which goes wrong, then people probably won't like it because they are attached to that old version of the song... So, recreations can be a little tricky.
The stalkers can get a little scary at times, but I guess all these things are a part of being famous.
Outside India, Chris Brown, Bruno Mars, Beyonce, and Rihanna are my favourites. I also like Justin Bieber. I like Western jazz and pop. Been a classical singer, I have sung a song 'Auliya,' a fusion of Western and Indian classical.
Since music is so important to me, I don't need to put in any extra effort to do this; it just flows for me. It's as simple as drinking water and having food, so definitely, music is one of the main purposes of my life.
As a child singer, I never sang a single track for my father or uncle.
It's tougher to work with Amaal, as the brother equation comes in between. We fight like any other siblings and have creative differences. I work harder when I am singing for him, as he is a taskmaster.
I love the attention. I love how I am so loved by the people, especially the girls.
It's a dream come true as I await the release of my debut single 'Krazy Konnection' with Salim Merchant and then my debut album!
I am a huge romantic at heart.
I understand our audience loves to see some drama on TV, but even they have got bored with similar patterns of carrying out reality singing shows.
I got my first break in 'Bhootnath,' solely on my credit, and went on to sing for around 20 films for all the leading music composers.
Ultimately, it's your talent that counts.
Tollywood has a special place in my heart because Telugu is my mother tongue, and when I sing in the language, my mom feels really happy.
I would love to do a complete EDM album.
As an artist, I am for non-film music as well. I want that to shine as much as Bollywood.
I like Honey Singh. I love the music that he does.
I like Badshah's songs, as they are very cool, catchy, and very young. I think that's very important... It's connecting with the youth.
We love food. After our studio session, we devour dal makhani, butter chicken, and butter naan.
I want to lead the pack in the process of making Indian singers bigger than actors internationally.
'Foolishq' from 'Ki & Ka' gave me a chance to work with renowned composer Ilaiyaraaja and Shreya Ghoshal.
I love dabbling in various genres and languages.
Emoting songs onscreen comes naturally to me since we do emote in the studio behind the mike as well. But acting in a full-length Bollywood film is a completely different ball game.
Though I'm getting a lot of acting offers, I'd like to enter only when I'm ready. My first love will always be music.
I grew up in a musical atmosphere at home.
I am not sure if India is the right place to promote such music. I don't think there are still enough people who listen to English songs.
My dream is to go big someday internationally.
If I do something related to English music, it will be definitely in the direction of R&B and pop.
English and world music were something that I had immense love for, and to get together with a fellow Indian and bring this sound and vibe to the world feels great.
'Sorry' just fit the bill for the crossover that both Lost Stories and I were attempting to do musically.
I am undoubtedly a 100 percent Bollywood product, but my heart truly lies in making music for the world and taking India global.
I am focusing more on overseas gigs, as my international fans do not get a chance to be a part of my live concerts, as they visit India once in a blue moon.
In our country, singers are known as the voice of actors.
In the West, Rihanna, Chris Brown, Justin Bieber are the face of their songs.
As a performer, I groove to my own songs.
People don't think music to be a reliable source of income or career, which I will agree, in a way, because Bollywood is a very risky place to be in.
In this filmy world, you will have success today but may not have it tomorrow. But if you are prepared to face the challenge it throws, that's when you should venture in this industry. I was ready for this and had all sorts of support from my parents.
Music has always been a large part of my life, and I'm very fortunate to be able to start a career doing something I love.
'Tum Jo Mile' came as a surprise. Vivek and Kumaar sir, who has written the song, sent me the track just to listen. I was in London at the time for my world tour. I heard the song, and I fell in love with it instantly.
I had done a cover of the song 'Nenani Neevani' and put it up on Sound Cloud, which Sunny M.R., the music composer of Rowdy Fellow, came across. He liked it and approached me for 'Yedho.'
My mother is a Telugu, so I have been familiar with the language since childhood.
While I can't speak Telugu, I do understand the language.
All the appreciation I have been receiving has been very encouraging. It pushes me to do better.
At the end of the day, a playback singer has to depend on live shows as their source of income.
I think that live shows are more important for singers than composers, because composers still get a lot of recognition as compared to a singer.
For an individual, playback singing is not enough to sustain a career, and it is not really a main source of income.
I want to be in a more natural state while doing acting.
Personally, I love music, as it's my first love, and if I ever act, it has to be something close to music. That's when I will feel great about doing it.
Amaal is a music composer, and I am singer, so I think we compliment each other rather than competing with each other.
For the outside world, it may seem easy to enter into the industry if you belong to a film family, but, trust me, it's even harder, as you have to not only prove your talent but also carve your own niche and identity.
I don't see Arijit Singh as a competition at all. That's because we both have a very different style of singing. In fact, I really appreciate what he's been able to bring to the playback singing industry.
I've never believed in competition. Everyone's here to do their own thing and become successful in that respect.
I can sing in various genres, but my heart truly lies in singing romantic songs. This has been my forte ever since I was 8 or 9.
It's better if a singer disconnects from the original and brings something new to the version.
Even I would be unhappy if the final track did not sound good to me, which is why I stay in the loop with the music team till the song is ready.
Guys are known to be lazy shoppers, but for me, it is extremely important to look good. I am very finicky because I hate repeating clothes.
I love Casio G-Shocks. My dream is to have watches in all colours. I also love gold watches. I'd like to have a diamond-studded gold watch some day.
I like collecting fedoras. Whenever I go abroad for shows, I always look to buy one.
Whenever I go out, I have to have a jacket on. I prefer casual ones for a party and semi-formal ones for events.
I'll be more interested in acting only when it has to do something with who I am in real life. More like playing a singer or musician on screen like in 'Aashiqui' or 'Rockstar.'
What matters is that you do great work, and you will definitely be remembered for that for years to come.
My training has been in Hindustani classical, and I have done a six-week course in English vocals at Berklee. The holistic learning has helped me a lot.
Amaal and I have some sort of magnetic connection. I am my brother's first assistant. So I have sung the scratch versions of all his songs. We make music at home, jam every day.
When you have your own identity as a singer, you don't have competition.
If you look at Arijit Singh, Divya Kumar, and Benny Dayal, they aren't competing with each other. They have their individual standing and distinct space of work. I want to create that kind of niche for myself.
There was absolutely no pressure from the family. It was my choice to pursue a career in music. I always wanted to do music, which has been close to heart. In fact, I was dead sure about it.
As far as Indian artists are concerned, I really like Mohammad Rafi and Sonu Nigam.
Catchy lyrics are being given more importance.
