American,Musician
I like acting, but I like filmmaking better. I went to film school. I want to make films.
Being a child that grew up with a single mom back in the '70s, Father's Day to me was always a very uncomfortable time. At school, we would make Father's Day cards for our dads, and I usually mailed one to my dad, and he hardly ever responded.
One of the things about being a boy, especially growing up without a father, is you really don't have that role model to teach you how to do things.
Being a parent is not just about how you treat your child; it's also about how you treat the other parent. If you treat that person with respect, that's fine, that's the way to go. But if you don't, you're not being the parent you could be.
When some people get angry, they turn into victims, but when I get angry, I turn to action.
I'm a 50-year-old guy making music for over 20 years. I've been writing songs since I was 20, so it's really been 30 years, and it's always been personal, but I've always told stories.
Being a musician, especially at the major label where you work for so long, it becomes a cycle. Write a record, make a record, tour. It's just this cycle, and I don't think there's any life built into it with time to assimilate what's going on in front of you and what's going on in your head.
I lived in Portland for almost 20 years, and that's where my eldest daughter went to college. I missed the sunshine. I grew up in L.A.
I still fall back a lot on my Les Paul, and there is just no getting away from a Les Paul and a hot pickup.
My frustration has always been that I'm a Christian, but I don't buy into, never have bought into, the belief that Jesus and God are these men who just dictate that this is how you have to live your life or you are going to burn in hell.
I'm not a politician. I'm not running for office. I can say what I think.
Forgiveness is hard for me, man. It is for most American-Western males. It's a sign of weakness.
I like people who tell stories. I like storytellers. A lot of my songs are misconceived as being auto-biographical when they're not because I write in the first person.
I'm constantly working, even when I'm at home.
I like acting when I can pick my own roles, and I do. It's fun. I like being creative, and it's a creative process.
I do like my sugar at night, but I try to keep it to a minimum.
I saw Cheap Trick play 'In Color,' and it was awesome.
I have a pet peeve about bands that don't play their hits. I think it's kind of selfish.
As a songwriter, I do kind of look at 'Santa Monica' as a thing outside of itself, because it isn't just my song. This is a song a lot of people tell me is a part of their high school or college years. That means a lot to me.
Call me, and I'd do anything for the Democratic Party.
I love Australia! I got a boot thrown at me there.
Success to me is being able to do what I love, make a living at it and to support myself and the ones I love.
The thing I love about Myspace is it's a safe place where I can talk to fans every day.
I like Nirvana, but I couldn't say that I was influenced by them. I like to tell a story.
I try to talk about things I know about. But my characters are more of a combination of people or how I imagine people would feel.
I have my dark side like anybody, you know, depression, anxiety... and I write about gritty, real-life stuff.
I think I write very good songs. But I don't know if anybody could record my songs with as much fervor. They sound good sung by me, and they especially sound good with my band.
If you can't say it in three minutes, I don't want to know about it.
