Musician
I don't have a desire for material things. As long as I'm happy, I'm good, man.
Everybody watches Bruce Lee. That's a legend. He's the man!
When you think positively, you attract positive people. If I'm on a mission to be successful, and I'm positive all the time, then more positive people will come around me, and we'll help each other. If you're negative, you'll find yourself surrounded by negative people.
If I'm extra happy or excited, it'll take me an hour or two to write a song. Or, if I'm really sad or something, it will take me about a day. But I have a specific way of writing: I just listen to the beat. I think about what I'm going to write over the beat.
I'm from Brooklyn, New York. I'm a hip-hop artist. That's just that. You're going to have to accept me or just not be a fan, I guess.
I've been writing way before 'X Factor,' and I've been doing shows before 'X Factor.' And everything I did on this show was me being me. Same way I acted in the show is the same way I act now as an artist.
I don't date girls. I date women.
Whatever woman I love... I gotta love her. She might be a hood rat, but she's gotta have respect for my mother.
I write all my own songs. Everything I did on 'The X Factor' was basically original, except for some of the live shows. Everything I did was original, and I wrote it from the heart.
I work better under pressure.
When I say that I'm not dancing, people get it confused, like I'm not going to do anything outside of rap. It's not that. When I leave this earth, I want to be remembered as an M.C. But I'm definitely going to touch a lot of other genres, not just rapping.
No, I ain't a star - I'm just a kid from Brooklyn, living his dream.
I don't want music to be a job for me; I want it to be something I'm doing for fun. As long it's not a job, then you're straight.
Don't let people see when you're mad - just smile and laugh.
I want people to know that I'm not just another kid M.C. I'm actually a fan of good music and hip-hop.
I wasn't the cool kid in school, but I wasn't the lame one. I knew I wasn't cool, so I called myself lame, and that's what made me cool in front of the cool kids.
I'm a germophobe, so I don't like people talking over my food, breathing, spitting, anything. Just let me eat in peace.
If it's a good movie, it's a good movie. I don't care about the genres.
I want to go to Jamaica, actually. My whole family's from there, so I'd like to go there.
I breathe music... The acting is a job, but music is life. You need a job to live.
It's always been fun for me to play somebody else. I did drama class when I was younger. It kind of just happened. I never said, 'I want to act.' I just auditioned for the role, I got it. I was blessed with this opportunity to be in 'Earth to Echo.' It's fun for me; it's cool to do.
I like to keep certain stuff to myself just because I feel like technology is taking over people's lives.
Especially today, with the Internet, you have people who have best friends that they never met, with Facebook and Twitter and stuff. If you're really friends, it doesn't matter if I'm on the other side of the world. We'll still be friends and find a way to connect.
I'm just excited to see myself on billboards. I'm getting ready to be a star.
You going to call me arrogant for believing in myself? Come on! It's a competitive sport. Rappin' is the closest thing to boxing. Jay-Z said that. You gotta fight every day.
I know I'm going to be the next big hip-hop artist. I just want to save hip-hop... that's my job.
