American,Musician
Never let the negativity get to you. There are gonna be a lot of people you have to plow through, but as long you believe in yourself, that's all that matters.
Giving back is the right thing to do, whether it's donating clothing or even just a smile to someone who needs it.
I love spending time with my family and friends during the holidays, and my favorite holiday tradition would be the pozole that my mom makes almost every Christmas. It's the best!
If I can, I love staying in pajamas all day and watching movies and eating good food.
When I get out of work early, or if I have some time before I go into the studio, I go to Disneyland for a few hours with my siblings. We just have fun, go on all the rides together, and eat all of the good food.
My little siblings keep me grounded. I'm a kid at heart.
'Latina' has become part of the Becky G family, and I feel very proud to say that.
Growing up, my family struggled to make ends meet, so I know how important organizations like The Salvation Army are for families to lean on in times of need.
I'm like, 'Yeah, I could afford braces, but why should I change myself to be what everybody else wants me to be when I'm OK with who I am and I'm happy with who I am?'
I don't know if it's because I'm Latina or something, but I have no problem speaking my mind.
My family are my friends.
I look at old performance videos now, and it's really funny - I thought I was such a gangster!
It's nice to get to know people who are the same age as you that do the same things because it's like a different level of understanding.
I would love to have my own fashion line because I love sketching.
People may not know this about me, but I've always loved cooking. My favorite thing to cook is my mom's spicy spaghetti.
I like a fresh face. I like clean skin. Fresh skin, cute color on the lip, cat eye, mascara, and I'm good to go!
In my industry, it's important to have people I look to for different things: guidance, inspiration and motivation.
I'll eat anything. I love food in general. I love traditional Mexican, carne asada. Just meat, beans, rice, and some good salsa.
I don't know about you, but I love going on trips - especially with my family.
When I was 11, I decided to start rapping, playing guitar, and writing songs. Everything really blossomed from there.
I'm such a big TLC fan, so I love singing 'Waterfalls' in the shower.
Even though I know who I am, musically I'm a blank canvas. I know what colors I want to use, but I don't know what picture I want to paint yet.
Sometimes you do get caught up in the midst of becoming... a product, a brand, and not having a say in any of that.
I love having my hoop earrings. Just regular gold hoops.
I interact with my fans mostly through Twitter, and I like to do livestreams about every two weeks, where I say, 'Ask me anything!' and I just sit there with my computer for 15 minutes, taking a break from work, and answering their questions.
I want my fans to understand that what you put into the universe is what you get back.
My fans can see me grow up.
I'm a rapper-singer, or singer-rapper - it's not one before the other. I do both.
I have fun when I'm making music, and I want people to have fun when they listen to it.
I'm all about telling stories. I like people to picture the music video in their head when they're just listening to the song.
Music was my one way to vent.
I want to be open to the kids who only speak Spanish, the kids who speak only Spanglish, and the kids who don't even speak Spanish at all.
I got beat up sometimes in the girls' bathroom.
I've definitely accepted the fact that I'm not normal.
When I was doing all this acting stuff, all these kids, like, assumed, 'Oh, my God, you're on TV, and you probably have a lot of money.' And I was living in a garage.
This is kind of weird, but I eat lemons with salt as snack. They're so good!
It's really easy with makeup to look like you're trying too hard, like a clown. That's not what you want!
For my everyday look, I don't like going anywhere without eye makeup.
When you're first learning how to do eyeliner, it's really hard to get both lids the same. A good tip for when you're putting it on, is to make sure your elbow is on a table. Make sure your arm's really stable. And make sure you have an eye makeup q-tip to get that really sharp line.
I've been using makeup since I was ten years old. I've learned a lot of do's and don'ts over the years. But one would definitely be that you should do your makeup for the occasion.
My song 'Play It Again' is a perfect example of my music because the verses go so hard, and they're so urban; and then this pop hook comes out of nowhere and socks you in the face and makes you want to dance.
Working with Bruno Mars would be really awesome. I'm such a fan of his, and I love that he's a real artist.
I love people who dress how they feel and change it depending on the day.
I look up to Rihanna and Rita Ora. They obviously wear a lot of gold jewelry and have this urban feel to them.
I like Xtreme Sour Strips. These really colorful little strips that are so good. I like snacking on them. They're not healthy for you, though!
I really like Ariana Grande, Jessie J, and Nicki Minaj's song, the 'Bang Bang' song. It's the new 'Lady Marmalade.' So good.
I have an obsession with hot sauce. I love Cholula. I put Cholula on everything.
My favorite holiday memory was sitting at home all day in my pajamas during winter break for school watching a bunch of old Christmas movies like 'Jack Frost' and 'Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer' with my siblings and parents.
For me, my number one Hollywood role model is Jennifer Lopez.
I'll never forget one time a fan came up to me crying, and told me, 'You really inspire me to be me. I feel OK to be myself now.'
Sometimes I'll post goofy photos of myself on Instagram without make-up or making silly faces. I don't always look like a little Barbie doll.
There are days I'm feeling lazy, and my mom will remind me, 'Beyonce also only has 24 hours during the day.' That always keeps me going.
'Can't Stop Dancing' is this other side of me that I was ready to introduce to my fans, which is like, after you hang out with me, you start to see that I can be chilled and relaxed, and I'm a little bit more mature for my age.
When I'm on family road trips, there is always Ranchera playing.
Miguel has this Prince, Marvin Gaye, old-school feel that I love.
I love Shakira - she is such a beautiful person. She does so many good things for the world on top of making good music. And she is an awesome mom. When you are Latina, it is all about family, and to see that she prioritizes family and her career at the same time is really nice.
I think confidence is a true form of beauty.
I did a lot of little girl groups here and there just to get more comfortable on stage. When you're in girl groups, it's a lot different because if you mess up, there's someone on stage to back you up, and finally I got to a point where I knew I could do it on my own.
I'm nosey, and I have a great imagination. So it's not necessarily things I have to go through, but it's things people I know or my family is going through, and I hear about it, and I think, 'That sounds like a great song.'
