American,Musician
I think gold is made for kings and pharaohs - that's what I am.
I just remember I wanted to make my own dynasty and not keep following trends. I wanted to make my own.
My mom keeps me going, man. She deserves such a good life. I just wanna give it to her. My dad, too. My family, my friends, they keep me motivated. Just knowing my personal legend, just knowing what I'm supposed to do, that keeps me going.
I definitely consider myself a Christian. There's things that I believe in, there's things I have a self-belief on. I know I got a great relationship with God and the universe. I just believe in being a righteous person and karma. Doing unto others as you would have done unto you. I really want to help teach that.
Even though it's tiring, I'm having the time of my life.
I was a telemarketer in my senior year at high school. I had to sell prosthetic limbs to paralysed veterans. I was making 150 bucks a week and it was horrible.
Being in the Midwest, you get the best of all worlds and add your own flavor to it.
There's definitely a thin line between being tasteful and tacky.
I want to change the world. I want to be a part of culture. I want to help teach.
You're in good spirits when you create and produce great music. All situations inspire music in different ways, man, from good situations, bad situations, depression, falling in love, falling out of love. I've been going through all those type of things.
I still got a lot to learn about fashion. I'm somebody who experiments, somebody who's finding their way. I'm young, and I don't really know if there's any guide to style in what's right and what's wrong. I just dress as an extension of how I'm feeling. If I feel crazy, then I'm gonna rock something crazy.
It's a real player move to take a girl wine-tasting on a date - she'll like that.
I wanted to make the soundtrack of people's lives.
When I'm home, I cook my own dinner, all organic.
I feel like 'Beware' is a heartfelt song - it's something that is definitely a story, something that I cultivated from personal stories, some from just other stories in just wanting to make a good song.
I feel like I'm able to relate to all races of people because when you learn to tap into the raw emotion of a person, that goes past color.
I get sick all the time because I get no rest and sleep, but it's definitely worth it.
Sometimes I feel like putting on a blazer with just a T-shirt.
I waste a lot of money buying the same pair of shoes.
I come from a family of scholars who got their Master's degrees. To my grandma - and to a lot of people - an education was a way of making it out of the worst parts of their life.
I've definitely stolen a lot of things.
Sometimes eight chains go together really well, depending on the length - how short they are, how small they are.
With the super duper flow, I created that one word rhyme style.
Yeah, I record on voice memos. I got like 1,000-something memos. If I'm in the middle of something and I can't get it done, I'll jot it down, but I never write a rap out, ever.
For me, personally, Detroit is a melting pot for everything. We get the best from the East Coast, West Coast and down South.
I never look at it like I'm wasting money when I'm buying gold.
Adidas is just right. They've been, like, a partner I couldn't be more thankful for. I really feel like they've helped increase my popularity. You know? It's tight to be able to attach to their brand and be able to add whatever I can offer to their brand. It's nice to know that they appreciate it. They are always showing love.
There's a lot of shoes that people consider high-end fashion, from Balenciaga to this and that or whatever, and the Pro Models are very similar to me. They're very fashionable to me - the design and the shape of them. I just like them.
I'm a sneakerhead. I probably have a couple hundred pair of shoes. I got all sorts of shoes.
The thing was, at a young age, my mom and my grandma always tried to keep me out of the streets as much as they could, so they put me in a private school when I was super young.
Notorious B.I.G. was one of my favorites. I started getting into hip-hop around the Bad Boy era.
Working with Kanye is one of the greatest things ever. It's also one of the most nerve-wracking things ever. He's, like, the most critical, particular, artistic person ever.
I had an advantage because people would post me on blogs because I had co-signs from Kanye West, Def Jam, and G.O.O.D. Music. Everything I put out, the blogs would put up. When I realized that, I used that to my advantage and helped build my following on my own.
Kanye didn't sign me to hold my hand and walk me through my career. He signed me because he believed in me as an artist and gave me a co-sign. I didn't see that at first. I saw it as him about to hold my hand, and I'm about to be the biggest artist because he's the biggest artist, you know?
