American,Musician
Life moves so fast. You gotta document the good times, man.
The world is really run by the Web. There's so much information out there that you can click and keep going down the rabbit hole finding stuff.
The music that I make is built on layers upon layers of musical ideas. I want to keep it fun and fresh to where listeners won't get everything from just one listen. They can go back to it months, weeks, or even years later and hear something that they didn't ever hear before. That's what it's all about.
I'm just a cool type of guy who's all about positives.
Anything that benefits the public and not just big banking, that's what I'm with.
I'm always trying to find brain food and indulge in knowledge that's gonna be useful.
I'm glad I had kids young because we have a strong bond and listen to the same music.
I'm glad that's one of the things I chose to do as a man - to be a father to my child.
To play your music in front of the fans that love it, it's like the best feeling in the world.
I'm not pro-government at all, I'm pro-people.
I don't care who the president is - it ain't just all about who's black or who's white or who's Republican or Democrat, it's about who is for the betterment of people, period.
I'm a Libertarian. I'm liberty, justice for all, liberty for all.
I think remixes give songs more life.
I'm about making music and spending time with my family. I've been in the spotlight so long that I'm looking for something different.
One thing I like about Twitter is that you can hear it from the horse's mouth.
I'm just a product of my environment, and it comes out in the music.
I'm into creating something that I've never created before.
I still picture myself as a student of the music. I'm always trying to learn new things. Music is just what makes me tick.
Look, I got 11,052 songs on my iPod. Cyndi Lauper, Guns N' Roses, Geto Boys, N.W.A.... push shuffle and anything will come on.
I don't need a sensationalized headline to sell music or to bring attention to my music. It's the music and it's always been about the music.
I listen to all types of music so I'm influenced by everything.
I'm nocturnal when it comes to recording - I'm just more creative at night.
My wife cooks. I can't cook. I can remix leftovers pretty good, though.
The music is first and foremost everything - no egos, no attitude, nothing - it's about the music.
My kids listen to everything because I listen to everything, so it's not far-fetched to hear them playing Metallica and then playing A Tribe Called Quest or N.W.A.
Being an M.C. is all about just going for the throat.
