American,Musician
I think music in itself is healing. It's an explosive expression of humanity. It's something we are all touched by. No matter what culture we're from, everyone loves music.
Musicians want to be the loud voice for so many quiet hearts.
The whole world loves American movies, blue jeans, jazz and rock and roll. It is probably a better way to get to know our country than by what politicians or airline commercials represent.
As human beings, we need to know that we are not alone, that we are not crazy or completely out of our minds, that there are other people out there who feel as we do, live as we do, love as we do, who are like us.
I am, as I've said, merely competent. But in an age of incompetence, that makes me extraordinary.
I really wish I was less of a thinking man and more of a fool not afraid of rejection.
Like family, we are tied to each other. This is what all good musicians understand.
I am no longer afraid of becoming lost, because the journey back always reveals something new, and that is ultimately good for the artist.
If you are not doing what you love, you are wasting your time.
The good ole days weren't always good, and tomorrow ain't as bad as it seems.
In a way, we are magicians. We are alchemists, sorcerers and wizards. We are a very strange bunch. But there is great fun in being a wizard.
Have you listened to the radio lately? Have you heard the canned, frozen and processed product being dished up to the world as American popular music today?
Don't make music for some vast, unseen audience or market or ratings share or even for something as tangible as money. Though it's crucial to make a living, that shouldn't be your inspiration. Do it for yourself.
Artists - musicians, painters, writers, poets - always seem to have had the most accurate perception of what is really going on around them, not the official version or the popular perception of contemporary life.
I don't care what consequence it brings, I have been a fool for lesser things.
You're not the only one who's made mistakes, but they're the only things that you can truly call your own.
I sold my house to Jerry Seinfeld.
I have a theory that the only original things we ever do are mistakes.
I definitely prefer being a lover than a fighter.
If you tell kids they can't have something, that's what they want.
I keep telling people: Don't make me the poster boy for AA because I don't know a lot about sobriety, but I do know a lot about drinking.
When I look at great works of art or listen to inspired music, I sense intimate portraits of the specific times in which they were created.
There's a deep-seated paranoia that Americans have about not being Americans or something.
I was drawn to boxing because I got beat up as a kid. I was the kid with the piano books in a New York neighbourhood.
I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints - the sinners are much more fun.
I'm probably writing music now for the same reason as I started writing songs when I was 14 - to meet women.
For whatever reason, not all people are born with the particular gift of being able to express ourselves through music. And, believe me, it is a gift.
