American,Musician
So when you get a chance to look at things and chill and relax, it makes you want it more, and that's why I'm so happy to be back!
I'm always smiling and happy.
Your children can be around you all day, but if you don't spend quality time with them and you don't pay attention to them and talk to them and listen to them, it doesn't matter that they're just around you.
There's a lot of people out there who go through hard times, and they feel alone. They feel like nobody is there. But I'm in the same boat.
My daughter hasn't seen me with anybody in five years. I'm very, very selective when it comes to that because I want to make sure that it's real. I don't want her to see me with just anybody because she means everything to me.
The idea of kids helping other kids is such a great way to introduce children to being involved in charitable causes and volunteer work, setting them on the path to doing good for others throughout their lives.
I definitely felt like I needed a break, because when you do so much, you're not able to appreciate the things that you accomplish.
I have so much more to go through as a young lady. But oh my God. I feel like I can do anything.
I'll be a nun, raise my daughter, and make albums.
To be on this set today, I feel very blessed for the second chance and for the opportunity, my record company believing in me and everybody here just showing me so much love and support.
You do not send me to Brooklyn to get a cheesecake and then I come back and you're gone.
This is truly a blessing. Breyon Prescott, Peter Edge and Tom Corson believe in me and have introduced me to a home that also believes and knows exactly what to do with the type of music I'm doing.
When I was 17, my producer Rodney Jerkins was working with Michael Jackson at the time. He knew how much I wanted to meet Michael Jackson, so he says, 'Would you like to come and meet him?' I'm like, 'Are you serious? Of course I want to meet Michael Jackson! Where do I meet you? Where do we come?'
And I'm looking at him like, 'Oh my God. This is Michael Jackson'. I fainted, blacked out - like seriously blacked out.
My daughter is in love with Adele. She listens to her every day. To see someone with that much passion and soul move a 9-year-old is amazing and it's magical.
I don't know how I feel right now.
I've seen the photos of me and Flo Rida. It doesn't matter how we met. We met. I don't want to say that we're a couple. I can definitely say that he's somebody in my life, and I'm definitely interested but I'm not serious with anybody.
I'm a little bit afraid to give my heart away right now. It's very scary. I'm open to it, but I just want to make sure that I'm taking my time.
I don't know where to find a good guy. I just think that they're around and I think you have to be good and at some point you'll attract that. I really believe that. First, people should stop looking. The looking thing does not work. Just let love find you.
I was rapping as a hobby. It was something I did for my friends and just played around on ideas and stuff like that.
I wrote my own verses. Anything I did, I wrote myself.
All I could think about was, 'I just wanna blow him away. I wanna make him proud, because I really wanna sign with Timbaland and spend the rest of my career making music with Tim.'
It feels so great to be back on the scene.
I went through a struggle, and I really needed to get myself together and connect with my purpose, which is music.
Music is all I know.
I'm going to let people know that it's cool to have a child and be young and still be a good mom. It's really tough, but I'm doing it.
Now that the baby is coming, I will do a lot more balancing. I'm going to be a real mommy.
It's her first grandchild, so she's really, really, really excited. I guess my mom is a little more stressed out than me.
All my favorite stars, my family and my friends are here. I'm having the happiest birthday that an 18-year-old girl could ever have.
Mom would kill me if I showed my navel.
The more natural, the better.
I go to McDonald's every day. But I don't eat much.
I wash my face every night with Ivory soap, and I don't wear much makeup.
I knew I had to make a sacrifice to do what I've always wanted to do.
The mall is my life.
