American,Musician
If I'm ever having a good time, I'll write about it so I'll remember it.
There's nothing like having somebody that loves every single bit of you, and that you love the same way, to actually, really share it with.
I was fortunate enough to have a situation in my life where everything did shake out and hit rock bottom, and I did see who was standing there and really saw who had my back for real.
I like being different.
I'm a very happy man. I've seen how bad it can get, and I'm sure it could get worse if I let it, but all that made me appreciate where I am. Plus, I'm married to a very hot woman who got away.
There's no smoke and mirrors here.
Being on stage and on a motorcycle are two of the only places I feel comfortable and free. Those are my happy places.
The first time I went to Sturgis, I remember thinking, 'This motorcycle thing, this is me.'
Don't get me wrong. There's always situations where when it gets bigger than me, it's time to go talk to mama and daddy and God.
I am the type of person that likes to put myself in someone's shoes to 'get' it.
I got several litmus tests for songs, but usually the people at the publishing company... they're straight-shooters.
A lot of people can be cheerleaders for songs and go, 'Oh, that's great,' and they don't think it.
I take a lot of pride in being able to say that what you see is what you get.
Fame and money and all that - you hear people say it a lot, but they don't mean a thing to me.
Every bit of joy in my heart, you know, every smile on my face is yours. It's awesome to be able to share that with somebody.
I've got my head screwed on in the right direction, for the most part. It may be turned a little bit to the left, but we're getting there.
If a really, really pretty girl needs a ride home, I'm your guy.
I stay on the road so much that my fiancee and I were talking the other night about what I wanted her to cook. I told her I don't even remember what a home-cooked meal is.
My mom's an angel, bless her heart, for everything I put her through.
A lot of things in my life changed, but I'm still a party animal. I'm leading the pack.
I like to lift and do cardio to stay in shape, so I can walk the dog on somebody, and I like to be strong, but running 10 miles or a decathlon? That don't support my interests.
I had a CrossFit trainer for two weeks. I fired him.
I don't worry about running myself ragged. I worry about being bored.
I've been in situations before where something was going on, and that's the only way you can kinda cope with it is to write about it.
Songwriting is therapeutic for me.
If you're going to go out doing something, you might as well be fighting for your country or fighting for your life.
Man, I'm 31, talking like I'm 60. I really do feel in control.
I'm one of the few people I've ever met who is blessed enough to be able to love the one who got away.
When I started doing music full time, I figured out my job wasn't something I needed to be completely sober for.
You meet people in the business and wonder how compassionate they are.
I don't need anything to have a good time or be a hell-raiser. I was born one.
I wanted to make sure that if somebody special did come along, I was the kind of man that a woman like her would deserve.
I think I definitely get my soft side from my mother.
She's definitely an angel sent from above. How can that not rub off on a man? What can I say? I'm a mama's boy.
I just hope my songs mean enough to people. And I feel like you have to live to learn.
Most of my rings are not expensive at all; they're just things that remind me of people that gave 'em to me. And they all have their own stories, their own meanings.
I don't sit down to write a number one hit. I'm not that good at my job - I don't know how to do that.
I just sit down and write the best song for the best moment, and however it comes out, it is what it is.
I try to just encompass the entire feeling and emotion behind the song the best way possible, and if that's 100,000 screaming guitars right in your face, then that's what's going down.
Looking back, we had the hard time, but the privilege, of actually coming up playing biker bars and little bitty college bars.
I don't write about anything I haven't been through.
I don't try to be somebody I'm not.
I tell everybody, 'If you want to get to know me, if you listen to those three records, you'll have a really good idea.' They were released at different time periods in my life, and those are the things I was going through.
We try to put on the same show regardless of what stage or platform we're on.
It's a little less stressful as a support act, because the headliner carries the majority of the weight. But as a headliner, we get to play a little bit longer.
For me, a show's a show. I try to put on the best show I can for whatever audience or time slot I get.
Not to take anything away from artists who don't write their own songs, but it's always been important to me to make sure it's my story.
I still live in the same town where I grew up.
I've been asked a million times to move to Nashville, but I just can't seem to do it.
I'm sticking true to my roots.
I always knew I wanted to be a performer. I started playing when I was in third grade, but I wasn't very good at all.
It's not just music. To me, it's songwriting more than anything. A lot of people say it's expression, but to me, it's more than that.
If I'm down about something or having problems with something, I can write it down and get it out.
I sing about the things that I don't have conversations about.
The girls from my hometown are so over me.
It's been cool to catch up, but I think I'm done with my exes. To be honest, I went out with flying colors on the majority of them.
We're gonna raise some big bucks and breed 'em and that sorta thing. Pretty excited about that.
I'm not too good at being fake or being somebody else.
If I read a script in the future that I feel like I could have a little fun with or that reflects me well, it may be one of those things that I try out. But, of course, music's my number one priority.
Songwriting has always been close to me.
I'm as honest as I can possibly be when I write.
I write about things and put things into my albums that I don't talk to people about. I don't hold back or sugarcoat anything.
What you see is what you get, and the majority of people in my life that loan me clothes know that they've never seen me in a suit.
My fiancee's the one that's picture worthy.
Some people wear their heart on their sleeve; I do that in more ways than one.
I'm old school. We're from a small town in Georgia, and I think if we do pictures before the wedding, I think I'm gonna be blindfolded.
It's real easy in a lot of businesses for your head to swell up, and you become somebody else. So that's one of my main goals in the business - to continue to be me.
Those people are the lifeblood of what we do. We don't have fans. We have friends.
A friend is someone who supports you. And these people are buying tickets at outrageous ticket prices. If that ain't support, I don't know what is.
We've got a lot of friends. We take care of them because they take care of us.
Cardio's not really my deal.
I'll flip a stupid tire. But I ain't running.
