American,Musician
There's a fundamental difference between how often men remember to say 'I love you' and how often women want to hear 'I love you.' For the most part, it's on the guy. He's not withholding it intentionally. It's just that we kind of miss the point sometimes, that even in the most nonchalant way, telling the person how you feel is important.
I'm still obsessed with the beach whenever I'm home; when I'm on the beach, it feels like home to me.
I don't know what it is in me that refuses to quit, but I think it's kind of like, dare to dream.
I always say, 'If you want to make God laugh, tell Him your plans.' I couldn't be happier with where I ended up and how it worked out.
If something's gonna make you happy, and you know it's gonna make you happy, and it's what you want more than anything in the world, don't let someone else discourage you and talk you out of doing it just because they're doubters.
If I want people to connect to my words and my stories, I need to tell them where they came from. Because then, when you break into song, they have kind of a blueprint for why I wrote that song, so they can come to it with something they went through that helps them connect to it.
We've gotten to play shows where I'm the headliner, so people are buying tickets to come see me, and that's when you really learn, 'Okay, who's listening to this music?' That and social media. But I couldn't feel luckier about the fan base that is starting to grow... People have just been super, super supportive and awesome.
It's funny how God will change your plans for you when he's ready.
When it's your words, and then you watch it connect with an audience as the artist, I kinda reflect back on the writing process and why those words were important to me. And to watch people sing it back, I mean, that kinda means everything because that's the whole point for me - performance and songwriting - is to connect with people.
I don't really see why some of those topical lines have to be crossed to get a point across. I want a mother and daughter, a teenage girl and her mom, to be able to come to the show and both enjoy it on the same level.
I love to be able to tell a whole story in three-and-half minutes.
It's really hard to chase a lofty dream.
There is a lot of California in my... sound, and a ton of it is the laid-back nature of Southern Californians and the beach.
My first concert was Boyz II Men and Mariah Carey.
Californian artists are kind of willing to push the limits a little bit further just because that's kind of our mentality in that state.
I moved to Nashville with the same kind of mindset that I had in L.A., and that is to make sure you don't get outworked by anybody and make sure you're always writing songs and take every opportunity to play that you can.
It is such a surreal feeling to have my first single go No. 1!
I've never seen my dad come home from work and not walk straight to my mom and ask her about her day.
My parents' example of a loving, caring relationship, I think, has affected my songwriting a ton and allowed me to start writing love songs that people could connect to without sounding like you're being cheesy, because they're coming from a real place, something that I saw coming up. I think they're a huge influence on my songwriting.
In Nashville, everybody just wants to write the best songs. So it's a very inviting songwriting community.
I've never been that comfortable with the acting thing. It's difficult for me to separate what's really going on. If there's kissing, that's kissing. I'm not acting; I don't know how.
I try not to take any liberties when it comes to being factual. Sometimes you have to, just to make the song sound good. But I feel like, personally, if you've lived it, then you shouldn't stretch the truth. It should be that experience.
My very first tattoo was a crown of thorns around my upper left arm that I have since gotten covered up, because I got it right before Pamela Anderson came out with 'Barb Wire.'
Country music isn't about being better than the guy next to you - it's just making sure that you keep working hard enough to deserve the position that you get in.
There's room for everybody to have success, but the moment I start slacking is the moment people will forget about me.
I tried to mix country music into my sets in L.A., and I noticed that was when people checked out. And I was like, 'That doesn't make sense. The genre that I love the most is the one that doesn't work.'
I like the idea of a relationship where you can need and rely on each other and not feel needy and not feel like that makes you not independent.
'In Case You Didn't Know' was written in Mexico, actually, on a songwriter's retreat.
The first country song I ever heard was Tim McGraw's 'Don't Take the Girl.'
I have always been a super-emotional dude.
It might be a little embarrassing, but I never ever missed an episode of 'Dawson's Creek' growing up.
I surfed until I was 18, and being the athlete that I am, I got really frustrated with how I wasn't really getting any better.
