English,Musician
The guitar was my weapon, my shield to hide behind.
Astronomy's much more fun when you're not an astronomer.
I despise the Lottery. There's less chance of you becoming a millionaire than there is of getting hit on the head by a passing asteroid.
The biggest emotion in creation is the bridge to optimism.
There is no way that you can ever really repeat something. I have this great belief that the magic of the moment can never be recaptured.
We do play to our audience. It's very important. You can't create music in a vacuum.
The guitar has a kind of grit and excitement possessed by nothing else.
Every time I listen to Jeff Beck my whole view of guitar changes radically. He's way, way out, doing things you never expect.
There's nothing I'm embarrassed about.
Queen songs tend to be about very personal things: personal dreams and personal ambitions.
Everybody thought I was a bit of an eccentric for wanting to be out there looking at the stars, but I still do.
I don't surf the net in general. I have someone do it for me instead, because I find it sluggish.
The music itself is very challenging, so I've never really felt the lack of stimulation. I love to be creating; I love to be making things and solving problems, I suppose, and when I'm not, then I'm not an incredibly good person to be around. If I'm not busy, then I think I would be disaster. That's just the way things are.
I think music is about our internal life. It's part of the way people touch each other. That's very precious to me. And astronomy is, in a sense, the very opposite thing. Instead of looking inwards, you are looking out, to things beyond our grasp.
From the beginning of Queen there was such momentum that I never had any time to do anything else. My energy was 95% focused on the band.
I was actually perfectly happy when I had no money, which lasted right up until we had a hit with Killer Queen, in 1974. I never wanted for anything.
There are times when I flick through magazines and think I'm in danger of becoming a prisoner of my own hair.
Queen songs are not about the life of a rock star - they tend to be about the lives of normal people, which is why I think the songs connect so much. We're very lucky that they seemingly connect with every generation.
At the moment the Queen stuff does sell really well, but there's no guarantee it'll go on forever.
Each gig should be unique. You're always treading that line between keeping yourself fresh and giving people something they want to hear.
Einstein got most of the things right about black holes. I'm not an expert, I must admit.
For a time I didn't want to answer any questions about Queen. I'd like to be viewed as something alive and relevant, not some fossil.
I don't think anybody comes close to The Beatles, including Oasis.
I go through major crises every few months, but then I have great peaks of belief and creativity. I'm a weird kind of animal.
I had this big thing about guitar harmonies. I wanted to be the first to put proper three-part harmonies onto a record. That was an achievement.
I just want to be able to play as fast as my brain goes, and my brain doesn't go all that fast.
