American,Musician
I've been with the group since 1965. I will be beginning my fifth year on April ninth this year.
Carl, Dennis and Brian are brothers, and Mike Love's a cousin.
But, you know again, getting back to what a group like ours might represent - the cleanliness thing.
You know, if I wrote the arrangements two years from now, they would probably be a lot slicker.
Records... a record just shouldn't be that important.
I mean it shouldn't hang you up emotionally if your record fails.
Sometimes one of us might be missing because we might be away or something, but there's always four or five.
Of course The Beach Boys will be camp.
We try some really interesting things besides being outright commercial.
We've recorded over our voices once and double the harmonies, make them thick. The Four Freshmen do that.
Before I joined The Beach Boys, I was working at Columbia Records as a producer, and saw The Byrds come in and do their first overdub before Terry even met them.
I really dig The Byrds. I think they are the most underrated - in their original form - pop group.
We are a business, and you do a little of what you think's right, pay your bills, and attract... a single record attracts attention to your concerts and your albums.
For us... you know, we're not The Beatles.
We're just kinda surviving at a very comfortable level.
We're not trying to top ourselves with each record, obviously.
Well, a lot of our concerts do okay, and I know we still get royalty checks which still isn't that important, but again, I have to just say that we're making our records.
Everybody can dig The Beatles, but why should everybody dig us?
You know, The Beach Boys' image is kinda like a group Doris Day, you know what I mean?
The group started getting bigger and bigger, so Al started replacing Brian on the road, and then finally there was a big flare-up with Dave Marks and he left the group.
Brian came back in on the road and Al stayed, but Al's the original member of the group.
You know, Glen Campbell sang with the group right before I joined the group.
I really dig the scene that's happening now, I really do, because there might be a lot of bad things going on, but if out of all of those bad things ten per cent of the groovy part of it stays, wow... you can't beat that.
I never could get into The Chambers Brothers. They make good records, but I never could get behind it.
