Canadian,Musician
I think I'm better behind the camera than I am in front.
Trying to manage diabetes is hard because if you don't, there are consequences you'll have to deal with later in life.
If your music is great, you will have fans, not because you have spent time chatting on social media.
I'd been round the world a hundred times and had started to forget where I'd been. I knew I'd been there: it said it on the tour map. I could remember the name of the city but I couldn't remember what it was like - it was a massive blur.
Social media is a giant distraction to the ultimate aim, which is honing your craft as a songwriter. There are people who are exceptional at it, however, and if you can do both things, then that's fantastic, but if you are a writer, the time is better spent on a clever lyric than a clever tweet.
I've only ever trusted my gut on everything. I don't trust my head, I don't trust my heart, I trust my gut.
I think a lot of people want to be remembered the way they were, as opposed to the way they are now.
I like the idea of helping people help people.
I moonlight as a singer.
There's not an instruction manual on how to deal with success, so you just have to rely on having great friends and a good team.
A songwriter writes songs all the time, whereas just writing a song can be done by anyone, anytime.
I only write music for myself, I don't try and appeal to anyone else.
I've always wanted to push myself and move with the tide. That's just how I am and it's worked for me.
One day I'll wake up and I'll have 10 or 12 songs and think, 'Oh that sounds like it could be a record.'
I got in trouble with the police, and that was a rude awakening. That was it. I'd seen the bottom of the pit, and it was time to scrape myself out of it.
I always knew I'd be in music in some sort of capacity. I didn't know if I'd be successful at it, but I knew I'd be doing something in it. Maybe get a job in a record store. Maybe even play in a band. I never got into this to be a star.
There's a saying, 'It's easy to write songs, but very difficult to write great songs.' I'm going through that right now.
Music is just such... it's not therapy, but it's a release, it's a joy, it's a pleasure. And it's a job - which is weird, because I don't think of it as a job.
I pack every minute I can with something to do.
I never took a grant or borrowed a penny from anybody. It was partially because I didn't really know how to do that, but secondly, my pride never would have allowed me to. In the beginning it was about doing it the right way, on the merits of the music.
To be a celebrity, I couldn't think of anything more cringe-worthy.
I feel quite sad for the young musicians coming up because they may never get to pay their rent properly. It doesn't matter what the genre; nowadays, it's so much harder than it ever was.
I like to be able to present myself in two or three different ways because I've never really wanted to rest on my laurels and be something that people expected.
I watch everybody every night, from sitting down to being on their feet at the end, and I feel a sense of reinvention, of caring, presenting these songs in their purest form.
I'm a complete and utter busker.
I never had a long-term plan.
