Canadian,Musician
I like to mix and match vintage with designer. It's how I create my own style.
I'm not going to freeze under the pressure. I'm hoping I can stand up to it.
Canada was my whole world and my whole reality, and now I meet people who've never been there, and it's like, 'You've never been to my whole world?'
I really like guys who have confidence, but not the cocky over-the-top confidence.
Reading serves as a good escape when you're in the middle of doing crazy things.
I waited for my first kiss.
I think when it comes to pop I'm past the point of curiosity. I admit to a full-on obsession with it, and I think it's getting worse, actually.
I'm a little bit of a hippie at heart, so I always wear things that are comfortable and flowing.
One of my favorite things to make is homemade sushi. I know how to make the rolls and it's really fun to do.
I've never been an all-black girl. I like pinks and blues and greens. If you come over to my closet, you'll be able to find a rainbow of things to wear.
No, I haven't asked for a guy's number, but I've always wanted to.
My tactic is to make eyes at someone.
I have a secret love of jazz.
There's been a progression in my sound.
Pretty much everyday, there's a moment where I'm having to pinch myself and think, 'When did this happen to my life?'
There's always a special feeling I have while writing any song.
I feel very giddy with the idea of making my imagination take form and being able to put on a show where people leave feeling like they've experienced something.
I'm still enjoying discovering more designers and getting to play dress-up in a bigger way than I ever have before.
I have so many gay friends that I love.
I know my music is going well when I don't have insomnia.
I like Los Angeles. So many artistic people, and I just love the weather.
I like to travel by myself.
I like to swim. It's good for the body and it helps clear my head.
I do think grand gestures are a hit and miss, especially for girls.
I think in general, lines are a bad idea. Especially if they sound like lines. Everyone's immediate reaction is to just kind of cringe a little bit.
You can't always understand if someone's into you or not, so you should never really pursue something too far without gauging that first.
