Canadian,Musician
I believe in karma.
At the end of the day, the Golden Rule is called the Golden Rule for a reason - do unto others as you would have done to you. In terms of commandments you could probably just do that one and you would be well off. If everybody could adhere to that one, we'd be OK, as long as a masochist wasn't in charge of people.
I honestly think that with every song you release you have to keep winning your own fans over again.
It's okay to have faith in something that you can't see or touch.
Too many times I've heard records from bands who were obviously, like, 'Well, we're at least gonna do half as well as we did on our last record. At least we can count on that.' You really have to keep that initial hunger that made some of your first best songs your first best songs. You have to keep that fire in the belly.
I'm always at the opposite end of the spectrum, the opposite of hipster culture, and I enjoy that.
I guess if you split the difference between the U.K. and the U.S., you would get Canada. But that's just due to proximity. Just because of distance, we get a lot more cultural spillover from America.
After this many years of being a lead singer in a touring rock band, I've had my fair share of fun. But those days are long behind me.
Sometimes I write about things that never happened to me that wind up happening to me. When you put things out in the universe, sometimes they wind up coming true.
It's more difficult to write a song about having your heart ripped out of your chest while you're in love. Because it lacks honesty. And the honesty comes through in the music, it really does.
I always thought it was strange when these artists like Kurt Cobain or whoever would get really famous and say, 'I don't understand why this is happening to me.' There is a mathematical formula to why you got famous. It isn't some magical thing that just started happening.
When you are writing a song for something else, if you are doing something for money, I always think that's bad luck.
Any artist that is even surviving right now is a dark horse because things change pretty fast. You're a superstar one day and wake up the next day and you're anonymous. To be successful in any way is beating the odds right now, I think.
I definitely consider myself a songwriter first because that's my best attribute.
I'll never be the best guitar player.
It's a small percentile of people who see one dime out of the music business.
I would call myself more spiritual than religious.
You never know what your parents are going to say when you tell them you're getting married - especially when it's with someone they haven't met yet.
