American,Musician
The old Fleetwood Mac was much better; they did some beautiful and, to my mind, very authentic blues. Chicken Shack did pretty well in Europe, but after I left, it was over.
I enjoy my money, and I'm not ashamed to admit it. I'd certainly rather be rich than poor.
You can only mend the vase so many times before you have to chuck it away.
There were a lot of bad feelings when Lindsey first left the band. But there's been a lot of healing going on, growing up, maturing. The bond is a great deal stronger than what we first thought.
There's a whole bunch of unfinished stuff. Then I've got books of lyrics. I find it frustrating to finish a song and not be able to record it... so I don't write a million songs.
My songs are self-explanatory... somebody pointed out to me that... my songs pretty much speak for themselves.
For Stevie, the words are of prime importance; the song moves around the words, rather than the words moving around the song.
Some of the best songs I've written, I've written in 10 minutes.
I'm rather old-fashioned about this video business. It's all relatively new. We really don't do videos, Fleetwood Mac. We've only done two.
I find it hard to get excited by just a sound. I have to have a song there, then I'll find what used I can make of that sound within the song.
Learn your instrument. Be honest. Don't do anything phony. There is so much crap floating around. There is plenty of room for a bit of honest writing.
It really comes down to Mick. He's the one who was constantly trying to get these five people in one room together. This is his love, his baby. It's his band, and there's nothing more he loves to do than get up on stage and play with us.
I'm looking more like my dogs every day - it must be the shaggy fringe and the ears.
I still like to play the blues more than anything else.
I wouldn't think a blues album would be that commercially successful, but I don't really care. I'd do it for the love of blues, not for the money. I've got plenty of money.
I haven't turned into some rich monster. I've kept my perspective. But I am a bit spoiled. It's hard not to be a little spoiled by having a lot of money.
I wasn't raised with money, so I had to get used to having it. I think I've adjusted to it pretty well.
I couldn't go anywhere unless there was a security guard with me. That spoiled my life. It was like being in captivity. Those days are gone, and I don't ever want to see that happen to me again. Now I can wander around the streets of Los Angeles on my own. I like it that way.
I do like my wine.
I was in Tower Records in San Francisco a few weeks ago, buying some cassettes, and a couple of people recognized me and ran up with albums, and I just wanted to cover my face and have a seizure or something. I want people to just go away.
We all enjoyed the success of Rumours obviously.
