American,Musician
People are mean and hateful, angry - haters everywhere, stupid blogs.
When I was in school I used to prank my teachers all the time. But I was really, really nice. I love to make people laugh. And even in those pranks, the teachers would laugh most of the time.
Meeting all the wonderful, new people and people appreciating my new music has been a really fun and blessed ride.
I think everything that happens in life we're prepared for in ways we really don't really know.
Lately though I've been in love with myself and I've become my own best friend.
I like trendy clothes just like everybody else does.
I like Bloomingdales, and I like a store called Scoop.
It doesn't take a year to sing a song. Takes a year for people to figure out how to market it.
If you want to put out a song that you wrote yesterday, tomorrow go on Twitter, type in a new URL, and give it to the people!
My shaven head is my way of saying 'I wont take no for an answer,' it is my way of saying 'I believe in my creativity and artistry.'
My ears sort of turn off when someone tells me that what my heart is saying isn't a good idea.
Truth is, I cut my hair for freedom, not for beauty.
I have epiphanies all the time, because I'm always thinking. I'm a thinker. I'm always writing poetry, I'm always coming to conclusions.
A female piano player is always pretty cool to me.
I'm an advocate of music in schools. It's important to me that music is in as many schools as possible across this country and across the world. I think that it's a lost art form because kids aren't as exposed to it as maybe they used to be, or should be. I was exposed heavily to jazz and that's why I love it.
I used to be so afraid to say what I really think.
The truth is an artist like me who doesn't get the type of promotion that we see more commercial artists receive, and especially in this climate of the music business, you have to be creative about how you promote yourself.
I'm going to go out on tour when I feel like going on tour.
