American,Musician
If you want to release your aggression, get up and dance. That's what rock and roll is all about.
It's amazing how much you can learn if your intentions are truly earnest.
I grew up thinking art was pictures until I got into music and found I was an artist and didn't paint.
Of the five most important things in life, health is first, education or knowledge is second, and wealth is third. I forget the other two.
Don't let the same dog bite you twice.
I directed my music to the teen-agers. I was 30 years old when I did 'Maybellene.' My school days had long been over when I did 'School Day,' but I was thinking of them.
Respect isn't enough. You've got to have a proprietary interest.
Rock's so good to me. Rock is my child and my grandfather.
In a Toyota, the cops don't think about stopping you so much.
My first job at Gleason's Bar in Cleveland was $800 a week, when I was making $92 a week with overtime at the automobile plant.
Music should be made to make people forget their problems, if only for a short while.
Music is science. Everything is science. Because science is truth.
That's all there was in our house: poetry and choir rehearsal and duets and so forth; I listened to Dad and Mother discuss things about poetry and delivery and voice and diction - I don't think anyone could know how much it really means.
Science and religion are both the same thing. They're there; they're life. If it's not science, it's not a fact.
Charlie Christian played amplified guitar with Benny Goodman's quartet. He was the greatest guitar player that ever was. But he never looked up from the guitar. But I put a little dance to it. They appreciate seein' something along with hearin' something.
People don't want to see 17 pieces in neckties. They wanna see some jeans, some gettin' down, and some wigglin'.
What the heck is a king? I'm a cog in the wheel.
You know, your ears record. You might can sing a song once you hear it.
Praise doesn't mean anything to me. I don't judge myself.
A song is a song. But there are some songs, ah, some songs are the greatest. The Beatles song 'Yesterday.' Listen to the lyrics.
If the people in the audience are talking, you're being ignored. If the people are gazing at you, you've got something they want to hear.
It amazes me when I hear people say, 'I want to go out and find out who I am.' I always knew who I was. I was going to be famous if it killed me.
That's the misconceptions that people have, that Chuck Berry went to jail. They're just totally wrong. It might have said something in the large papers in the bigger city headlines and things. But, you take a look at any of the local papers, and you will see that I was acquitted. I never went to jail.
I have lots of ambition!
I'm thankful for each and every day. We never know when time is up.
The Big Band Era is my era. People say, 'Where did you get your style from?' I did the Big Band Era on guitar. That's the best way I could explain it.
There has been a great laziness in my soul. Lots of days I could write songs, but I could also take my $400 and play the slot machines at the riverfront casino.
I wanted to play blues. But I wasn't blue enough. I wasn't like Muddy Waters, people who really had it hard. In our house, we had food on the table. We were doing well compared to many. So I concentrated on this fun and frolic, these novelties.
In the Fifties, there were certain places we couldn't ride on the bus, and now there is a possibility of a black man being in the White House. You have to feel good about it.
Chuck Berry doesn't give interviews.
I should have been a son of Einstein.
I made records for people who would buy them. No color, no ethnic, no political - I don't want that, never did.
Remember that my view, the only true view I can see with, is through the black eyes that I have.
Had I been pushed like Colonel Parker pushed Elvis, had I been a white boy like Elvis, sure, it would have been different.
People said I was king, but I was never king, and I say I'm the prime minister.
Listening to Nat Cole prompted me to sing sentimental songs with distinct diction.
My 12th was my most Christian and most boring year of my life. Try as I did, day after day, to cling to righteousness, I was washed down in suds of sinful surroundings.
It's not me to toot my horn. The minute you toot your horn, it seems like society will try and disconnect your battery. And if you do not toot your horn, they'll try their darnedest to give you a horn to toot, or say that you should have a horn.
I think my interviews were much better than what some of the writers wrote. I just wanted the truth out.
I'm thankful for performing as long as I am allowed.
I always want to play the songs that people want to hear.
Everything I wrote about wasn't about me, but about the people listening.
What kind of shorts I wear has nothing to do with music.
The media dresses things up. There's a lot of inaccuracy.
The first thing I heard was spiritual music, which was imbedded. The second thing I heard was swing. And shortly, along with that, I began to hear the blues. And then I began to hear Latin music. Each one left its mark.
The world has done nothing to me that I haven't done with the world.
The Man Upstairs is taking care of me.
I added and deleted according to the audiences' response to different gestures, and chose songs to build an act that would constantly stimulate my audience.
