American,Musician
Of course, you get exhausted. You want to pass out. I came close a couple of times. But you're filled with something, that feedback that comes from the audience.
It used to take a day to get over the partying. But I don't party anymore. I don't miss it, either.
How many ways can you cut a steak? How many ways can a chord go? I've been in this business so long, I know how to cut it.
Before the Berlin Wall came down, we played behind the Iron Curtain and sang, 'Born in the U.S.A.,' and I thought, 'We're all going to die. The man is going to get us all killed.' But then you saw all these kids with the American flag and German flags together and singing the song, and it was, wow, like 'We Shall Overcome.'
It's a matter of choosing what is most important to you and putting that first. Once you have recognized your true purpose in life, this becomes much easier.
The calm mind allows one to connect with the inner self, the Soul, the very source of our being. That's where the music lives. That's where my music comes from.
I take my job as a rock and roll sax player very seriously. To do it the way that I must do it, I must be in good condition. The better shape you're in, the harder you can rock.
I have faith in the judicial system.
As a horn player, the greatest compliment one can get is when a person comes to you and says, 'I heard this saxophone on the radio the other day and I knew it was you. I don't know the song, but I know it was you on sax.'
Money is a hazard.
The age thing is just a number.
I visualize what I do before I do it. Visualizing makes me better.
To me, music is a river. I have lived my life beside the river. Every day, I get up and look at the river. I watch it and notice when it rises and falls.
When you learn a Bruce Springsteen song, it's like learning to ride a bike. You don't forget it.
Being involved in the well-being and advancement of one's own community is a most natural thing to do.
I'm blessed with nice legs, but I see lots of guys with big upper bodies and pencil legs.
In the mental calmness of a spiritual life, I have found that the answers to the whys in our lives are able to come to you. In my music I find the same thing.
There'll be no oiling up with this band. The oil has been there for years and it only gets better.
I look forward to working out every day.
I do read music, but I prefer playing from the heart.
The word spiritual, not the word religious, is the key.
I wanted an electric train for Christmas but I got the saxophone instead.
I like health-conscious cooking, but growing up in the South, I do love southern cooking; southern France, southern Italy, southern Spain. I love southern cooking.
Now that I am much older, I have had a number of sax players tell me I was responsible for them playing sax. Some of them I have admired over the years.
I found out how great the E Street Band is. The reality of a band that you can't scoop aside, can't put in a corner.
When I grew up, there was one music: rock n' roll. Somewhere along the line, there was a separation. I don't know why it happened, but it did happen.
It's love. It's two men - two strong, very virile men - finding that space in life where they can let go enough of their masculinity to feel the passion of love and respect and trust. Friendships are based on those things, and you seal it with a kiss.
When a fan says, 'Man, you saved my life; I heard 'Jungleland'... and I cried... and I felt joy in my life again,' that's my hall of fame.
I know that one day I'm going to die. I want to accomplish as much as I can before I do.
God will give you no more than you can handle.
All this pain is going to come back and make me stronger.
Of all the surgeries I've had, there's not much left to operate on. I am totally bionic.
I didn't think I'd ever be a Michael Jackson fan. But... watching him move, watching him dance, is so encouraging for me. Because, in my mind, I can do all that stuff.
I hung out in the Baltimore area a lot. My biggest memory was playing football against Morgan. That was, like, 'Forget about it,' that was a really big thing. They used to kick our butts all the time.
I always had this vision of what I wanted to do in life.
Going through all of this physical stuff, it's been a tough job. But I've loved every second of my life.
Through all the hardships and all the operations and all the hospitals, all that stuff each part of my life, there's been some goodness, some greatness that comes in here and helps me to be strong, to continue what I'm doing.
I've been pretty blessed. Sometimes it comes in disguise.
It takes a village to run the Big Man - a village of doctors.
I'm always in the market for my acting.
When you die, we go back to the white energy of all the white energy: white heat that's flung against the sky and becomes a star.
Death is not just the end, it's the beginning.
I couldn't really trust anyone. Not completely.
Tell-all books are boring.
What you did, nobody wants to know about it, unless you did something exciting.
The Philadelphia audiences, they're like our home crowd.
It's sad to see these old buildings go because they have so many memories, and it's a real personal kind of thing when you play these places. It's part of our history just gone.
When you go backstage at a Bruce Springsteen show, you don't see a circus.
We had to play both ways on the field, so I was offensive center and defensive end.
Everybody calls me Big Man.
The night before a show, I don't sleep. Really. I've been doing this for 30 years, and the night before a show, I still don't sleep.
I never thought I'd be a, quote, 'rock & roll star.'
I'm a Gaga-ite.
Asbury Park's a special place for me. It's where I really began playing.
I love Asbury Park. It's like the Liverpool of America.
