American,Musician
I got rid of my glasses and they changed my hair. That's really all they did. They went shopping for me, so the clothes are different too. It wasn't like Extreme Makeover where I got a nose job or anything.
The greatest glory never comes from falling, but from rising each time you fall.
My mother taught me that we all have the power to achieve our dreams. What I lacked was the courage.
It's important that I make a difference in some way. It's not necessarily how I make a difference, but I want to make sure that I do.
If my career detour from special education to singing has done one thing, it has afforded me the opportunity to make a difference in the lives of others.
I decided to study special education and fell in love with working with individuals with autism. That's what I planned to do with my life.
Well, fortunately we found out that the runner-up our particular year was going to get a record contract also. So it was kind of a - it was bitter sweet but it was an opportunity.
I went to school for special education. I always assumed when I had the opportunity I would love to try and help kids with disabilities.
I know that I've got big ears and a big forehead and that my hair sticks up. But I'm happy with myself. I'm not necessarily trying to win a beauty pageant here.
I could have a degree in music and come on the show, and Simon could still say 'You stink'.
Actually, I don't hate cats, I'm just kind of afraid of them.
It's not the money. It's not the fame. It's the influence.
I'm really not that special. Really, I'm not. I was on a big TV show, but it was just a TV show.
I'm religious. I think this is something God had planned for me.
I'm being trained to shake the bon-bon appropriately.
Well, there are certain words and emotions I don't want kids hearing, and I'm not changing because they think it's going to sell better. This is going to sound horrible, but I got 12 million votes doing what I did.
I know this is going to sound cheesy and like I'm trying to be Miss America, but the most important responsibility a celebrity has is to set an example and be a role model.
I want to make sure that no matter how long I go through this, I don't fall into the trap of changing and modifying how I do things that aren't a positive example. I want to remain somebody that the entire family can listen to or watch.
In my ideal world, no child would suffer. Charitable instincts would prevail. There would be global acceptance of all different types of people.
While everyone I work with may not share my beliefs, I have been surrounded by nothing but support.
It doesn't really matter to me how I make a difference, I just wanna make sure that I do.
I think celebrities have an obligation to the public to not just sing or act.
I sometimes think I might be autistic because I like to know - I need to know - my beginnings and my ends. I don't have to be in control of it, but I need to know what's going on.
I was on TV for almost sixteen weeks during American Idol. It's at the point now where it's old.
I auditioned just for fun.
I thought about that the other day after I went to the grocery store and had to sign fifteen autographs before leaving. On one hand, it's just so flattering. On the other hand, sometimes it would be nice to get the bread and leave, you know?
