American,Musician
Life is too short to not have fun; we are only here for a short time compared to the sun and the moon and all that.
People treat me nice 'cos I treat them nice.
I'm a winner; I win most of the time. But in order to be a winner, you have to lose some of the time. I'm a terrible loser.
I perform for soldiers because they are important.
I've been rapping since 1979.
When my mother first passed away some time ago, I didn't enjoy food anymore. I just ate to live. My mother had always cooked so well that I didn't think I could follow her.
But when I really look back on my life, being really honest about it and now that I've got the chance to travel the world, seeing how a lot of little kids grow up - my life wasn't so bad.
I was hungry a coupla' times but for the most part I ate every day... I got to go to school for free.
I came to Baku the same way I would go to Texas - because they asked me to come and play hip hop.
I've basically got an album full of singles.
Acting is all about timing. I mean, who has better timing than the MCs?
I just think it's my responsibility as a human being and an entertainer to see the soldiers.
If it wasn't for the military I probably would not have ever come to Bosnia for vacation.
I finished the movie a month ago in downtown Los Angeles. I had a lot of fun doing it.
We take pride in what we do.
I'm innocent. I've done nothing. I'm a nice guy.
I never let any of my sons beat me at videogames.
I wasn't driving down the wrong side of the street, smoking marijuana, waving my gun out the window.
Because I'm a young black man driving a really nice, expensive car, I sometimes get harassed when I'm rolling through a ghetto neighbourhood.
'Gangsta rap' is a derogatory label.
I don't consider myself a gangsta rapper. But I'm probably more qualified to be a gangsta rapper than people who call themselves that. I've been through that life.
I love cartoons. I'm just a big kid.
I know I'm just one man trying to do one thing, and the next day is not promised to any man. I'm very humble.
I started cooking from watching my mom. My mother was a really, really great cook.
'Shaka' is my catchphrase. Emeril got 'bam,' I got 'Shaka.'
I think anybody can cook if they take the time.
