American,Musician
Some people are born with very little; some are fortunate enough to have it all. When I grew up, we didn't have much. I had to hustle to get what I wanted... but I had that hunger for more. I didn't always make the right choices, but I learned from my mistakes.
Just be confident. I think confidence is the most attractive part of a person.
My grandmother, she's been the positive portion of my life the entire time.
I had to overcome challenge after challenge in order to take my life from nothing to living my dreams.
I don't display emotions. I have every feeling that everyone else has, but I've developed ways to suppress them. Anger is one of my most comfortable feelings.
You learn a lot about yourself when you have success for a while. Like, a lot of things that you think are really important aren't. But you need that process.
If you're familiar with my man Uncle Sam, you understand the only way you can actually feel better about what he's gonna take, come the end of the year, is lifestyle. Only thing you can do is spend some of it.
I think either you're creative or you're not. In general, I don't think you need to be in pain to actually be creative unless you're writing love songs. Then you might need to have some ups and downs within your emotions to start to capture that.
I think I'll be going to Heaven, because I had good intentions. But my actions are another thing.
My work out routine is always changing. It should never stay the same for long periods of time.
A big mistake people make when they are trying to lose weight is that they stop eating. They'll eat salads once a day and then their body starts trying to protect itself and holds onto the fat.
When you've been in life-threatening situations, you become aware that life is not for ever.
People often say I have so much energy, that I never stop; but that's what it takes to accomplish your goals.
I think it's easier for the general public to embrace me in a negative way. You have people who already have a perception of me that says I'm a bad person.
Puffy's contribution to hip-hop culture was the remix. He offered us the music that his mom played in front of him, with newer drums and younger artists. That worked, and will consistently be there. The remix comes right after the original record, that's something Puffy did to influence the culture.
You know how a person is made for something? Eminem is made for hip-hop. The best rapper is a white man.
A recession is predominantly for the middle class. Where I come from, the majority of people have always lived in a recession.
When I put out my first mixtape, '50 Cent is the Future,' it was the first tape where an artist did the entire tape in song format.
People who actually have money don't want to talk about it. They want to talk about everything else.
The importance of 'Dream School' is monumental. Helping to inspire these students to reach their potential is personally gratifying.
I started boxing at 12, and I was above weight for my age, so they put me in the ring with adults... When you're fighting all the time, it gives you the ability to fight without getting angry.
It's difficult for me to trust a woman. Men are attracted to beautiful women. Women are attracted to men who offer security - financial security. And if you have money and you're famous, women find that sexy.
I'll have long, straight hair, like down to my back, when I go to Heaven. And I'm not even going to work out, but I'll be in shape. It's a whole new program up there.
I started hustling at 12, my mother hustled ahead of me. I was only allowed to because they knew me.
I'm not trying to save the world. As a musician and artist, it just ain't me.
A man becomes as attractive as an attractive woman when he becomes successful and is publicly noted. Power's an aphrodisiac.
You have to challenge yourself and your muscles. When you are really regimented, it's the same over and over and you start to get comfortable. Switching up the style of training works your muscles differently.
Eating well was something I learned as I started to be successful and had to travel and perform concerts, which are an intense cardio workout.
When I'm actually creating music, I try not to listen to the hip-hop records that are going on, because I think, subconsciously, we steal from each other.
I just feel really good about my accomplishments. I haven't had, like, a party because a deal goes through or something like that. I don't know. I need to develop that - I need to have something that I do when things go right.
