American,Musician
In the Middle East in the summertime, to keep cool, a lot of people sleep on the rooftops.
I don't think when I'm doing music. Things just happen. I've even taken my clothes off while performing. But then I'm so shy that I can't even take my clothes off in the dressing room, even though it's just the other guys in the band in here with me. It's really weird.
As a musician, I don't think I'm the greatest guitar player. I'm a bigger fan of the drums than I am the guitar; I just happen to play guitar. I play drums almost every day at my house. I wrote a lot of songs behind the drum kit, just having the music and vocals in my head and playing the rhythm.
I am depressed sometimes, but it's not what keeps me at home or focused on work.
If I was money-motivated, I wouldn't have joined a rock band with three other Armenian guys.
Music is an emotion, and I put it out there.
I don't get it when people complain that baseball games are too long.
Politicians use religion, and they get their troops riled up with religion.
I was always searching for something bigger, faster and better, and Slayer came up with that.
I'm not very happy. I'm frustrated with human beings. I'm the guy who just wants to smack people in the face and say, 'Wake up!'
System of a Down is the music that I wanted to buy but couldn't find at the store. It's the band I wanted to be a fan of.
I don't ever put down bands.
A lot of times, I don't feel responsible for the songs myself. But that's my job or my place in life: to keep my search and catch the ideas before they pass me by.
Every song I've written is luck, I think; it's luck - 'How did that just happen?'
I would never cancel a tour unless I had real reasons and personal things that require my undivided attention.
I like structuring verses, choruses, but sometimes the verses might be a tango and the choruses might be death metal.
How does a band like System of a Down get big?
Music is pretty much all I do.
I don't understand some of the music I hear on MTV or the radio, because they don't mention the times we live in. They have nothing to do with nothing.
My dad is my biggest influence on me as a musician, even though he's not a musician.
Whatever I write has to evolve around my taste in music at that moment, because that always changes.
In Glendale, where I live, there's a street called Broadway. The bottoms of the light posts have swastikas on them.
I always want to grow and top myself.
I ain't got no beef with Obama.
I'll be honest with you: politically, I have no issue with people, but my beef sometimes is with religion at the end of the day.
I just think religion is something... It could be a beautiful thing for the individual, but when it becomes organized, that's when religion starts taking a kind of ugly turn to me.
