British,Musician
Being alone on the moors is scary; as the rain clouds settle in, it makes you realise your place in nature.
People that have had genuine abduction experiences that I've met that seem very genuine to me, but they're just confused about why it happened. I've met a lot of people like which I regard as being very genuine... but there's a lot of crazy people out there.
It's the easiest thing in the world to be down about anything. I think the body responds to good vibes.
Sometimes when you're with the same old people, you get the same old thing.
Good rock music always tends to be around.
I love playing live now more than ever. I enjoy it, I think it keeps you young.
Working with the Kinks, there always seemed to be some kind of automatic process at work. Ray and I had this telepathy happening for a long time, where one of us always knew what the other could do with something.
I think that things happen for a reason.
I don't like people telling me what to do, or trying to MAKE me write songs.
You can always improve on something, the technology is different today, but I would leave it well alone. If there was something that was incomplete, that might be interesting... because I do that on my website.
Ray is very secretive about his ideas - why not, the times that the Kinks have been ripped off, especially in the early years, it makes you a little bit cautious about telling anybody what you're doing. And that's understandable.
A lot of people that embark on spiritual endeavors tended to, especially in the '60s and '70s, they tended to give up what they had before and cut themselves off from their lives, previous life as it were. But, I don't think that one should do that.
My perspective is that you should be IN the world, but not OF the world.
What I believe in touches many aspects of religious and spiritual thought. Mainly I'm influenced and inspired by the eastern yogi's aspect of mysticism, Which is, I think, the future.
I think people are turning inward more now cause the world's got in such a weird, crazy state. I think its making people think more about their life and what it is really that they are doing. And how do we interact with a world that's going crazy? It's a very important time.
I think that what went wrong with religion is the same thing that went wrong with politics. Is that it became too money based and too controlling. It's just a weakness that we human beings have for control - we want one thing and then we want more and then we want more.
I think there's been a big problem between religion, or organized religion, and spirituality.
Even if we are dead we help each other in some little way.
We obviously need more love in the world. And we obviously need more compassion and understanding. Our leaders need to really address these issues properly now.
A lot of our music came out of a lot of weird psychology and weird emotions. When you play the whole body of work, you get tossed all over the place. It's not easy listening. It's not even comfortable to listen to.
We've always had our hardcore fans. But the general public has a love-hate thing about the 'Kinks.' It always leaves people with a question mark on their heads.
All good art, to me, is uncertainty.
Exmoor and Dartmoor are sacred, magical places. You find a truer side of yourself there.
I was interested in psychic things and in spiritualism even as a boy. I'd started doing yoga by the early 1970s.
Our problems stem from our childhood. Ray was, for so long, the only boy. Then I arrive and take all his limelight away from him. That must have quite a profound effect. I sometimes think that Ray was only happy for three-and-a-half years in his life. And those were the three-and-a-half years before I was born.
I have always worked with energy. Everything is energy. Buddhism. Christ teachings. These are foundation stones for a spiritual life.
