American,Musician
I used to jog but the ice cubes kept falling out of my glass.
I'm not conceited. Conceit is a fault and I have no faults.
Money can't buy you happiness, but it can buy you a yacht big enough to pull up right alongside it.
It doesn't matter the kind of music, it doesn't matter whether it's a cowboy hat or a yarmulke. I don't care if it's outer space or pop, the spirit is the same.
The light you see at the end of the tunnel is the front of an oncoming train.
The problem with self-improvement is knowing when to quit.
He who knows how will always work for he who knows why.
I used to have a drug problem, now I make enough money.
The world's a stage, and I want the brightest spot.
Music is like girlfriends to me; I'm continually astonished by the choices other people make.
My ambition is to further create a signature sound, a signature spirit, that makes some kind of contribution to music in general.
Rap is poetry to music, like beatniks without beards and bongos.
It doesn't get better, it doesn't get worse, but it sure gets different!
People ask me how far I've come. And I tell them twelve feet: from the audience to the stage.
When you get something like MTV, it's like regular television. You get it, and at first it's novel and brand new and then you watch every channel, every show. And then you become a little more selective and more selective, until ultimately... you wind up with a radio.
A lot of rock bands are truly a legend in their own minds.
You stick your head above the crowd and attract attention and sometimes somebody will throw a rock at you. That's the territory. You buy the land, you get the Indians.
I don't get all the women that I want... I get all the women that want me.
Van Halen can keep providing the rain and I'll keep providing the parade.
You want a hero in the music world? James Brown. He brought a feeling to music without really using words. He's just famous for his sound.
Radio as we know it is pretty much changing completely.
Maybe I'm like acts of Congress or your favorite Chinese restaurant - you don't really want to know what's going on behind the door. I'm a real study in contrast, I expect, looking from without. But it adds up to what you get on stage.
I grew up on radio, not TV.
The only thing I'm allergic to is criticism.
I've always been very self-motivated.
It's always irritated me that people say, 'Where's the action? Oh wow, there's no action here; let's go somewhere else.' These people will never find the action.
