English,Musician
The thing is, the reader doesn't want to hear about bad times.
Justin Bieber stole my haircut. And Axl Rose stole my dance!
You can put me in the basement or the penthouse; it doesn't matter to me.
My family is a part of my life and everything is all a mixture of enjoyment.
The Beatles set the rules. And the rules were: now just because we have long hair doesn't mean that we're rebellious.
The Monkees are like the mafia. You're in for life. Nobody gets out.
And actually, about three weeks ago, Micky, Peter and I were in Vegas at the MGM Grand. And we did about 12 shows in seven days. It was quite an experience.
I would say that fifty percent of my show is killer comedy.
We'll get material in there and all of a sudden I'll switch the material around or the order of the show.
It's a crying shame we don't play more parks and fairs. I would love to go right to the Chamber of Commerce or whoever they are, so that we could get involved in a different way.
I read a whole bunch of bits and pieces over the years, obviously from the fan magazines and the rest of the stuff, and I just wanted to give a little more insight into what's happening in my personal life.
People always expect you to be jumping out of a Rolls Royce and being in the papers for drunk and disorderly or sleeping around.
I own property in a quiet little town of Pennsylvania.
I've got a farm in England where I breed horses.
During the summer, Screen Gems launched the New Monkees, which miserably failed I understand. I never saw it.
I was mad at Screen Gems, but I'm not mad at them anymore.
They want to know I'm doing good, the fans do.
In the office, the mail that came in was always 10 to 1 for me.
Over the last couple of years I have gotten an average of 2,000 letters a week from fans.
Around the property I have here, I'm about to put an all weather race track. I'm about to build stables. I'm about to ship over a couple of my thoroughbreds from England.
I'm about to challenge for the Maryland Cup in the next couple of years, as an owner, a trainer, and a rider.
The Monkees were never cancelled for a start. NBC wanted to do a third year.
We wanted to interview people on the show, do variety, get the artists, the guests involved with us in our group. They wanted to keep the four guys together. We wanted to change the format.
As far as groupies, I never saw any of them.
Groupies to me, were people who followed you around. Familiar faces who were always there, asking for autographs. We have more of those now, but they're not sexual.
I'm a married man. If I want sex at this particular point in my life, I go home for it.
