American,Musician
Once you get away from where you're from, you look at it in a different way.
Yes, we do mimic our parents in a lot of ways.
I was in relationship with a guy who was much older than me - either he was past his prime and I was coming into mine. There was nothing I could do to keep his attention.
It's my sick fantasy to be a Cosmo cover.
I'm sure every song has some kind of undertone of what I was going through with Chris. It was my life.
No matter what you do for a living all we have is music to get through certain situations.
Any album that I ever put out I'm going to send it to country radio first.
I never excluded any genre on my first record.
My relationship with Music Row has always been, from my end, optimistic and hopeful that there is more than one way to approach the writing, recording, and marketing of an album.
My father, Fred Carter, Jr., is definitely an extraordinaire.
I never listened to country music growing up.
I've been in LA for 5 years now, and it's been very freeing creatively.
I think the themes in my songs are very similar from the first album to the newest one. It's all about the human condition and how we are all trying to learn to live with each other and survive love and life.
I toured in Europe first, before I did any touring in the U.S. It was with Jimmy Nail and others.
Our live show is a definite experience, since it's an extension of my albums.
But once you become successful, everyone has an idea of what you should do.
Nashville has a formula, and it works a lot of the time, but it wasn't right for me. They're afraid to step outside the box - even though, with me, my success came because I was outside of the box to begin with.
There's a lot of freedom for me living in L.A.
The songs come from a vulnerable place, but expressing that part of yourself can also make you feel fearless.
I'm a big fan of '70s records where artists could draw on whatever influences they wanted.
I wanted this album to sound like a big crocheted blanket - to be warm yet to have a lot of space.
