American,Musician
No matter what you're going through, there's a light at the end of the tunnel and it may seem hard to get to it but you can do it and just keep working towards it and you'll find the positive side of things.
I try to keep it real. I don't have time to worry about what I'm projecting to the world. I'm just busy being myself.
I don't let anyone's insecurities, emotions, or opinions bother me. I know that if I am happy, that's all that matters to me.
Never be ashamed of what you feel. You have the right to feel any emotion that you want, and to do what makes you happy. That's my life motto.
Recovery is something that you have to work on every single day and it's something that it doesn't get a day off.
Where I am today... I still have my ups and downs, but I take it one day at a time and I just hope that I can be the best that I can possibly be, not only for myself, but also young people that are out there today that need someone to look up to.
Creativity is what helps me escape a lot of my inner demons.
I think scars are like battle wounds - beautiful, in a way. They show what you've been through and how strong you are for coming out of it.
I believe in aliens. I think it would be way too selfish of us as mankind to believe we are the only lifeforms in the universe.
I learned that you go through things, you deal with them and that's what empowers you and ultimately makes you a happy person.
Music is what I love to do; it's in my veins.
After so long being thin, it was terrifying being heavier. But I am a naturally curvy Hispanic girl. I don't deprive myself.
Rocker dudes don't have a lot of swagger.
Sometimes you don't know who you can and cannot trust. I still learn that over and over again.
I knew from the second I stepped onstage. I was like, yep, this is what I want to do.
One of the reasons I was so unhappy for years was because I never embraced my emotions and I was trying to stay in control.
If it takes me 10 years to be the musician I want to be, great.
I'm honest about the journey I've been on, so I definitely don't take dating lightly anymore.
I want to be fearless.
Some of my fans have said that because I've been able to speak about my issues, that they're not afraid to speak about theirs, which is an amazing feeling.
After hundreds of auditions and nothing, you're sitting home and wondering, 'What am I doing?'
I never found out until I went into treatment that I was bipolar.
Sometimes I think, 'Why couldn't I have been normal?'
I've come to realize your career is all about the choices you make. Every single one matters.
If I'm able to use my voice to do good in the world then I definitely want to do that.
I want my music to do the explaining.
