Musician
Certain rhythms just have certain moods.
No man is an island. No man stands alone.
We just make music. For I never stop working.
Jah is love, or God, whichever way you might accept it.
Like Noel Brown and Scotty, they recorded as the Chosen Few, and I recorded as Dennis Brown then.
Well, until this very day, I'm still learning.
Certain songs by hearing the rhythm, it tells you that is either a love song or you might be heartbroken or the songs give you the vibes and you just know that certain songs are militant that you have to write.
Drugs have played no significant factor in my life.
You know, we had that groove; I didn't feel no way.
You just went right in and just recorded songs and listened them, and if there were any mistakes, then we would correct them and just went on... one take or two take.
I wasn't thinking of competing with any artists as such, I was more thinking of being among them, and sharing thoughts with them; like sharing views, ideas, etc.
Well, maybe it's because of the rumors they had going around, you know, they had some rumors about Dennis Brown was in the hospital and all that. Well, that is all bull!
You always will be singing a song or humming a line or a melody.
Sometimes that is why you might even stay in the bathroom for even half an hour, making that water running all over, just singing.
I sing a lot about love.
I think I have a more wider scope for music, I have more taste for music.
Well, I heard of Sunny Ade, and looks as if his music is gonna be big on a global level, because I was in London the other day and some people asked me to review the album.
But now I'm getting that spiritual motivation to visit Africa.
You see, that is it with music, you never stop learning.
Every day you learn something new.
But when you have to deal with notes, and to be able to make a full definition of what a sound is - if you are not around that environment, then you'll find you lose that feel, that momentum, you lose all that.
Because I used to go and watch him rehearsing for pantomime, and I have adopted some of those priciples, like try to be on time, learn your script, how he approach it, etc.
You can't find the sound if you just love sleep.
