American,Musician
You gotta water your plants. Nobody can water them for you.
I've been blessed to be somebody that's been climbing that success mountain top for years of hard work, you know, but now it's all connecting. And now, the whole world is watching, you know what I'm saying, and it feels good 'cause it's good energy. This is all positive vibes, and good vibes and good energy, so it feels incredible.
Fresh sneakers are important on a man. It's like a new pair of boxers or a new pair of socks.
Key is never be afraid of being yourself. Never!
I wake up every day inspiring myself, because God gave me life.
We all want to win more, but it's all about being blessed and embracing your blessings. We have life.
I'm gonna go hard no matter what because I gotta feed my family, and I gotta feed myself.
'They' are the people that don't believe in you, that say that you won't succeed. We stay away from 'They.'
I always make my dreams into goals.
I'm all about peace. I'm all about unity. I'm all about love.
It's safe to say headphones is a good business.
Nicki Minaj, I'm at MTV. I'm going to be honest with you: I love you. I like you. I want you; I want you to be mine. Only reason I'm not telling you this face to face is because I understand that you're busy.
Basically, I'm one of the greatest producers ever. And I'm also one of the greatest DJs ever. And I'm also one of the best executives ever.
I'm definitely gaining new fans, and that's the key of any success... gain more love.
My whole life and my whole career, even through my music, I tell people: let's unify; let's show more love.
I feel real good because it's about representing the young world and how to uplift each other and how to push us to be greater and make sure we don't fall or get trapped or get in trouble, you know what I mean. Stay focused, you know what I mean.
I put cocoa butter all over my face and my iconic belly and my arms and legs. Why live rough? Live smooth.
At the end of the day, I understand that life has road blocks, and life is like school - you'll be tested; we gotta pass it.
One of my major keys is actually the master keys: God.
People will try to bring you down, but you gotta go up.
Winning, to me, is easy. Winning more is the challenge.
'They' is... stay away from them, please. There is so many different definitions of 'they.' You might have a personal 'they.' They against you; they want you broken and miserable. They don't like winners; they don't like people who's blessed. So everybody's got a different 'they.'
When it comes down to my brand, We the Best, we're about the people and whoever is passionate and in love the way I'm in love when it comes down to the headphones I'm promoting.
Basically what I'm trying to tell you is that it's almost impossible to drive a jet ski at night time unless you're in a city with lights lit up so you can navigate. Besides being pitch black, that water turn black at night. Listen, I don't recommend it.
Everybody around me had a Snapchat, and I said I would never get on it. I'm still on Instagram, you know? They convinced me to get Snapchat.
No one ever told me I should eat egg whites or drink a gallon of water each day.
A Khaled record is always the best.
Don't ever play yourself.
I don't think I would run for president.
Jeb Bush, I appreciate you. You a leader. You a Bush.
Nicki Minaj, will you marry me?
I remember I used to sleep on my records. In a room with no furniture. I remember I used to sleep in my car.
I've always been a fan of the VMAs, and I've always worked hard just to get a ticket to go to the VMAs.
I wanna thank MTV and the VMAs for choosing me to be a part of the show because, on this show, if you not an icon or upcomin' icon, you're not on the show, you know?
Everyone I look up to is bringing me into the tech world. You'd be surprised by all the music people in it, invested in it.
I can move any crowd.
I'm one of them guys that tries to make everything the best of the best, so sometimes I'm out of control with it.
I don't have no favorite rock bands. I'm a fan of rock music, though.
What's so beautiful about Miami is that we support each other. We're just one big family, not just the entertainers, just everyone in general.
Imagine your family finally making it from nothing to something, and finally getting things going, and finally buying a beautiful house and taking care of your children - and the next day, it's completely all gone. Zero. Boom. Flat broke. So that's when I had to man up.
All of my records, I produced, put together completely. All of them. Maybe Drake might come with an idea, and I might finish it. You gotta remember what a producer is. Quincy Jones is a producer.
A producer gets the whole vision done from top to bottom, to making the record to having the record delivered to the world. That's a producer.
I'm an entrepreneur. I'm a young mogul. I'm blessed.
I'm just changing the game because I know what the fans want and the people want 'cause I'm a fan of hip-hop.
I want more of my favorite artists or more of the guy that makes the anthems. I want more.
We want justice, but at the same time, we gotta love and come together and bring unity, and I feel it's gonna happen.
For a date night with my girlfriend, we go to Zuma for Japanese.
The key is to vote because we need a vote to put the people in power that we want to represent us.
I love Chris Brown. He's a superstar. He's one of the best singers out there.
I would love to work with Eminem, Dr. Dre. I wish I could have been in the studio with Bob Marley.
When I inspire myself, I want to spread the word because its important to be healthy. I don't think they're teaching us enough about that. I think we should eat better and exercise. Look who's saying that - a guy who was 300 pounds - but I'm doing a lot better than I used to. I'm letting people know its important because it makes you feel better.
It feels good being a restaurant owner because it's part of my dreams of being the biggest mogul.
Fan Luv is a powerful positive movement. All over the world they come. It's a force of luv.
It confuses me and disappoints me when somebody says, 'What does he do? What does he do?' My records are some of the biggest anthems ever. What do you think, they magically just appear? Obama walked out to my record.
Even before Snapchat, you go back into my career from Day One or interview people that knew me for 25 years, they're going to tell you I've been DJ Khaled my whole life.
I always wanted to have a headphone line but I feel like I'm going to do more than just headphones eventually, but we want to wake the world up right now with this.
When it all got taken away, I was becoming a young man. So I had to sacrifice to leave my family... Sleeping in my car, getting an apartment for a month and getting evicted the next month. Staying in the $25, $50 hotels.
Every summer's mine.
You gotta understand: I believe a woman should praise the man, the king. If you holding it down for your woman, I feel like the woman should praise. And the man should praise the queen.
I put together amazing records, whether that's finding the beat or putting the right hook on there, and picking the right artists on the record. That's me being an A&R. And I'm making sure that they give me their best.
Meeting President Obama was amazing. Very inspiring.
For me to talk with Obama and the conversation I had with him, I was letting him know that me and my fans have a special connection, and it's love, and I believe that love is the answer.
I feel like people can relate to me because we all go through wins and roadblocks and passion and pain, and it's a vibe.
Every album, I make big records. I'm going to always make an anthem. That's what I do.
When my record comes on, you know that's a DJ Khaled record. That's my formula, and the people love it.
All my records and videos were groundbreaking.
We can take a 'It was hard to get there.' But we ain't taking no loss. We're going to win.
Put it this way: If I asked, 'How's business?' and you say, 'Boomin' or 'Amazing,' I already know the answer.
