American,Musician
You just have to find that thing that's special about you that distinguishes you from all the others, and through true talent, hard work, and passion, anything can happen.
I've been living the American Dream for over 25 years - just being able to do what I do, be creative, and make money out of it. It's incredible.
I have a high tolerance for pain - both physical and mental.
I can't see myself ever spending hundreds of thousands on anything that doesn't come with a toilet.
I love the new technology. New things give you a reason to want to go to the studio. New challenges mean you have to keep up, you know?
There's never been any bad vibes between me and Snoop.
I'm always going to talent scout and try to find new artists to work with.
Anyone that's trying to do something to improve sound... that's all good.
You got to realise that when I was 20 years old, I had a house, a Mercedes, a Corvette and a million dollars in the bank before I could buy alcohol legally.
When the ideas are coming, I don't stop until the ideas stop because that train doesn't come along all the time.
I have social anxiety.
The only two things that scare me are God and the IRS.
I got Ice Cube his start. I also launched Eazy-E.
I'm never gonna stop music, it's like air to me.
I've gotten my personal life all the way intact and made sure that it's straight. Without that, you have no foundation. Your building is going to crumble.
No matter what type of equipment you have, you still have to have a certain talent to be able to make a good record.
If you're not sincere with it, you shouldn't say anything at all.
I've always hated authority from an early age. And authority have always hated me.
I'm not no egotistical person. I just want what I'm supposed to get. Not a penny more, not a penny less.
There is some sampling on my records and a lot of what I call replays, where I'd have musicians come in the studio and replay the sample from the original record. But mainly, we'd come up with our own music.
I think it's incredible what I've done. A lot of sweat. But as an innovator, I look back and can't help but go, 'Damn, there's things I could've done better, you know?'
I've never considered myself a rapper. I know how to do it. I know how to make my voice project, and I know how to stay on beat and what have you, but I've never considered myself a rapper.
Everything in my life has been about sound and making music, so Beats represents just that - the improvement of sound and the dedication to everything I've been doing from the day I started.
My father is the oldest of seven boys.
Kids are the ultimate form of motivation. They're watching. They're mimicking. They're an extension of you. So you have to win.
Eminem is just incredible. That's the word that comes to mind: 'incredible.'
It's entertaining to watch somebody break my music down or explain what he thinks I was thinking during the process of making these records. Because... he has no idea.
It's always weird when people approach me to make an investment. I tell them, 'I don't need any more money. I'm good.' Then I wait for their expression. That part is entertaining, because people look at you like you're crazy when you say you don't need any more money. Who says that?
I'm so secluded, and I'm so private.
When I'm sitting in the studio, a mix isn't done till I feel it in my gut.
It's a very interesting thing because I can start mixing a song and leave the room and come back and maybe just slide one lever to a certain point, and it just - it's a certain feeling that it gives you when you know it's right.
It's always been difficult to make a good record.
I'm a fan of J. Cole.
I just want people to hear the music the way it's suppose to sound, the way we meant for them to hear it. You sit in the studio all this time and make the music, tweak it, try to get it perfect. They should be able to hear it that way.
I did record 'The Chronic' in 1992. The year was not a total loss.
Every person walking has some kind of talent that they can get on tape.
I had between 20 and 40 songs for 'Detox,' and I just couldn't feel it. Usually, I can hear the sequence of an album as I'm going, but I wasn't able to do that. I wasn't feeling it in my gut.
In L.A., we listen to everything. If it's banging, it's banging - we don't care where it's from.
The original version of 'Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang' was made to a Boz Scaggs song; I can't remember the name of the song.
I like working with new artists.
Kendrick Lamar is the real deal. He's a real artist, and he's gonna be here for awhile because this guy is seriously talented.
The actual making of a record is the most exciting part of this business.
I don't make records so I can sit down afterward and listen to them. I make them so other people can sit down and listen to them.
There's actually a lot of producers that I like to listen to.
An instrumental album is something I've been wanting to do for a long time.
I've been studying the planets and learning the personalities of each planet.
If you know anything about me and my history, you know I'm very particular about my projects.
I work hard making music - that's how I earn a living.
I don't ever see myself retiring totally from music, because I have a genuine love and passion for it.
I can take a three-year-old and make a hit record.
'Straight Outta Compton' is the album I'm least happy with. I threw it together in six weeks so we could have something to sell out of the trunk.
No matter where you are or what you're doing, it's always great if you don't have to get up and physically change the song that plays next.
I sequence during the entire recording process. The sequencing changes as I'm recording and as I'm listening. From when I'm, like, four songs in, I start trying to figure out which song should come after which. Which is important, and it changes as the album goes.
I know sound, and this is what I'm going to stick to: what I know.
The difference between the headphones and making music, it's like, okay, I have a new business here that I'm proud of, but my soul still remains in the music-making process.
Somebody approached me about working with Michael Jackson, and I did say no because I like working with new artists or people that I've worked with in the past. I can develop them from the ground up. There's no set standard that I have to live up to or anything like that.
I'm going to record forever.
I have tons of music stashed.
I've sold a lot of records. Did I keep other artists from eating?
I'm not a big spender. I don't get into all the jewelry and all that.
I'd really like to do a movie, either as a producer or director. My ultimate fantasy would be to direct a movie and produce the entire soundtrack. I don't really see myself acting.
I've always been a lunatic.
I'm a producer at heart. I like being in the control room and directing people. That's what I do. But I've gotten on the mic a few times in my career; people seem to like it, so I'll do it again here and there. But that's really not my thing.
I just make the music feel the way I want it to feel, and I don't put it out until I'm totally happy with it.
I was the biggest Public Enemy fan - I think it's what inspired the aggression of N.W.A. We just took a different route lyrically.
I don't think I would go back and change anything that's happened in my career, because maybe those things were steppingstones to where I am now.
I don't take any shorts. I don't say, 'Okay, it's good enough.' I try to get exactly what I'm hearing in my head to the tape, and I won't let it move until then.
In my opinion, some of the hip-hop records that come out, people are willing to compromise. I'm not.
Wreckin' Cru was a DJ crew. They used to call it that because it was the guys that came in after the party was over and broke down the equipment. We eventually made a record, and we had the costumes on and what have you. Back then, everybody had their little getups, you know, like SoulSonic Force, UTFO.
I get butterflies every time a record comes out. I'm like, 'I hope people like it. I hope people buy it.'
A lot of times when I'm at home kickin' it, I don't even listen to hip hop. I listen to all types of music.
The race factor was just a minuscule part of what I was doing with Eminem. It was really about the music and how well we worked together.
Once a song is done, for me, personally, it's usually two or three days to get the mixdown.
