American,Musician
I actually think sadness and darkness can be very beautiful and healing.
I try to make sure that the Buddhism is more or less implicit in the music rather than explicit.
The difficult thing about a pop record is that you're given guidelines: it has to have 3 choruses, and then it must be between 3 minutes fifteen seconds and three minutes forty-five seconds.
Simon Hale, the British arranger, does all string and wood arrangements on my records.
I'd have these weird experiences where I'd just be walking down the street with this chord progression in my head, this happened more than a few times, and I'd walk home and find a fax in my machine and it would match the music in my head.
So I started chanting when I was nineteen, which was about twelve years ago, and it really had a huge impact on my outlook, happiness, and general creativity.
Happy music doesn't tend to move me much.
I make the kind of music I like.
Things come to me pretty regularly. There is never a shortage or a backlog.
I mean, at the end of the day when I'm making a record, what I want to do is what I do.
Lately I've been a workaholic. I'm in the studio all the time and I've helped to produce a couple of artists.
My first two records were more energetic; Phantom Moon is subtle, quiet; so these various reactions are just something I expected.
I wouldn't say that I've had a tough life by any stretch of the imagination.
I feel fortunate about being able to make the music I want to make and getting away with it.
The experiences of promoting my first album were really something; there is so much illusion in my environment (touring and pop music) that I wanted to clear away.
I also wanted to make a record that was about other things than romance, yeah, after two years on the road singing all the songs from the first album, I got kind of tired of that.
But I can't really say there is too much modern music that I'm blown away by at this moment.
I think my Buddhist practice has a profound influence on my life and encompasses my creative projects.
I actually am always a music first person.
I privilege the music over the lyrics.
I got a publishing deal with BMG, they were supportive, and some money to record demos.
A real foolproof way to do it is play your stuff by hook or by crook and build up a grass roots following.
If I were to do this over I'd play a lot more shows before I made a record.
I'm a pretty big P.J. Harvey record fan and you can really hear New York in his record.
It's inevitable your environment will influence what you do.
I'm fortunate I have this coterie of musicians around me to help take music to next level. Being surrounded by so much creative energy, so many creative people really feeds that creativity in me.
