English,Musician
I don't really go out partying, but I'm definitely a social butterfly.
The only thing that holds true happiness is that moment when you're in it. Nothing can be controlled.
I think I'm generally an upbeat person. Obviously I can get moody, but my whole philosophy is to try and have a good time.
I love' Les Mis,' and I owe it a lot, because I wouldn't have been born without it.
I really don't think plastic surgery is a good idea. People who've had it done don't look younger or better, they just look like they've had plastic surgery.
My mum taught me that bodies are bodies, and they come in all shapes and sizes - we should be free about that. My legs are a bit dangly, and my knees point inwards. Everyone has insecurities, but I try not to focus on them. It's important to be confident with what you've got.
I have always been a Peter Blake fan and love street art and graffiti. I really like this street-art collective called Faile. They're from Brooklyn and make these prints of beautiful women.
I'm a very visually motivated person. Music is always going to be the thing I'm most motivated by, but music and visuals go hand in hand.
I wasn't into sports when I was younger. I was one of those kids who always tried to get a note from the doctor to say I had a cold so I didn't have to go play hockey in bad weather and be miserable.
There are lots of people whose style I admire, although I'd never dress like them. Chloe Sevigny is probably the most stylish woman ever, and Lady Gaga is amazing - it's fun to watch what she's going to wear next.
I haven't been watching any TV recently because I've been on the road, but I am an avid 'EastEnders' fan. I've watched it all my life, and so have my family.
I'm reading Sebastian Faulks's 'Birdsong' at the moment. I read it when I was younger but decided to re-read it, as I remembered really liking it at the time.
I'm interested in wartime stories, as I think it's important to remember what the soldiers went through.
I love dressing up. As kids, my friends and I would dress up as the Spice Girls - Posh Spice was my favourite because I had short brown hair like her.
I like to wear colourful clothes because they make me feel happy: short-shorts with funky tights and big jumpers are what I'm into. And I wear most things with hi-top trainers - I'm not a huge fan of heels.
As soon as something becomes 'trendy,' I go off it. I hate the idea of being a sheep and just following a look because I've been told it's fashionable. Individuality makes the world a much more interesting place.
Lots of people, from what I can see, just want to get into the music business for the glamour of it. But there isn't any, really. It's so up and down this industry, but if you really love it, nothing can stop you.
When I was really little, I wanted to be a taxi driver or a bus driver; I loved the fact that I could play my own music when I wanted. But I can't imagine actually doing that now; I think I'd get bored.
My school was OK, but I just wanted to do music. I was a bit of a daydreamer. I wish I'd gone back and paid more attention.
I love shopping. I don't go on crazy 'I'm going shopping' sprees; I shop as I go along.
Fashion changes. Everyone in fashion changes. I think it's important to change it up and reinvent yourself every now and again.
I think that everyone in this world should be confident in who they are and believe in themselves no matter what.
I learnt that if I want to make any difference, or changes to my world, then I've got to be involved. We need passion - that's how things change.
Young people, our rights and the things we care about, have been taken away because it doesn't really matter to the politicians whether or not we have them. We're just another demographic to try and please, but there's no point if we aren't voting.
You don't sell as many records as you used to because of illegal downloads, but I think there are other ways you can make money through your music. Whether it's through merchandise or teaming up with other companies or brands or whatever, there are ways.
The Beatles and Ray Charles were in the same charts together, and that was just called pop music - it wasn't called soul or rock. The best pop music just stands out as something that's just original, and I think it should all be called pop again.
Eliza was my first name for two reasons. My dad was reading 'Uncle Tom's Cabin,' which features the maid Eliza in it, when I was born. Then there was Eliza Doolittle from 'My Fair Lady' and 'Pygmalion.' My mum always loved the name, and I got called Eliza Doolittle a lot, so it stuck, basically.
Doing gigs is great, but when you come together for a production in the theatre, that is something I have a lot of respect for.
I did try theatre out when I was little. I did roles as a child actress. My parents didn't push me into it. But I was up for it. I didn't enjoy doing eight shows a week, though. That repetitiveness didn't appeal to me. I love doing something different every day and travelling. You can't do that in the theatre.
I'm really into laces; I always accessorize with shoe laces whether I wear them as a belt, or attached to my shorts or in my hair or as a bracelet.
