American,Musician
I grew up barefoot, dirty, climbing trees. It made me appreciate things more.
Sometimes I'm really funny, sometimes I'm quiet, sometimes I'm shy, but I'm constantly changing.
You have to be nice to everybody, and then people want you to succeed.
I flip the turntables. I write a lot from the male perspective, but as a female. That's how I live my life. I can roll with the boys.
I was born out of a Vegas marriage: My parents got married three days after they met.
I fall in love fast, and I fall out of love even faster.
You never know which Elle you're going to see day to day, because I wake up in different moods.
I don't like people who are just takers.
I'm a water baby to no end.
I just love playing live.
My mom says I was born screaming.
I used to be afraid to use the word 'pop' to describe my music, but underneath my tough, bad-girl sound, there's some fun.
I followed a guy to Denmark. I came home with a broken heart.
I did some stupid things when I was younger, but I got a lot out of my system. Every time, my mom was waiting there with an 'I told you so.' Moms are usually right. You're wrong if you don't think that they've done what we're doing, because they have.
I have perfected the art of the mean song to make me feel like I have a backbone.
Sometimes, if you fake confidence long enough, you're going to be confident.
I was 18, at art school, and saw this cute boy playing banjo. I was obsessed. I taught myself how to play. I listened to a lot of country and just messed around. The second song I wrote on the banjo was 'Good to Be a Man.' That what's got me signed.
I have over 35 tattoos.
I'm really not good at anything else, so if I don't make it as a musician, I'll probably just end up living in the woods with a bunch of dogs.
I have a really supportive, great group of friends, and we all push each other. They come to my shows, I go to their premieres; it's wonderful.
My dream duet would be with Dolly Parton!
I write a lot about myself.
I grew up loving Etta James and Aretha Franklin and Al Green and Otis Redding, and I just love old-school R&B. It's just music that moves you and grooves you, and it was very important, I think, for music.
I'm obsessed with trash TV. I love horrible TV. shows. It's the white trash in me, you know?
I started playing in New York when I was 16. I had a fake ID so I could play shows, and, I don't know, bouncers didn't really say no to me, I guess. I'm fun!
As for relationships, I know nothing. I'm an idiot; I can't get it right.
