American,Musician
I'm not trying to be sexy. It's just my way of expressing myself when I move around.
Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.
Rock and roll music, if you like it, if you feel it, you can't help but move to it. That's what happens to me. I can't help it.'
Until we meet again, may God bless you as he has blessed me.
A live concert to me is exciting because of all the electricity that is generated in the crowd and on stage. It's my favorite part of the business, live concerts.
Whatever I will become will be what God has chosen for me.
Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine.
I'll never feel comfortable taking a strong drink, and I'll never feel easy smoking a cigarette. I just don't think those things are right for me.
Adversity is sometimes hard upon a man; but for one man who can stand prosperity, there are a hundred that will stand adversity.
I've never written a song in my life. It's all a big hoax.
Man, that record came out and was real big in Memphis. They started playing it, and it got real big. Don't know why-the lyrics had no meaning.
I'm trying to keep a level head. You have to be careful out in the world. It's so easy to get turned.
The army teaches boys to think like men.
When I was a boy, I always saw myself as a hero in comic books and in movies. I grew up believing this dream.
I have no use for bodyguards, but I have very specific use for two highly trained certified public accountants.
More than anything else, I want the folks back at home to think right of me.
The image is one thing and the human being is another. It's very hard to live up to an image, put it that way.
I was an only child, and Mother was always right with me all my life. I used to get very angry at her when I was growing up-it's a natural thing.
When I got outta High School I was driving a truck. I was just a poor boy from Memphis, Memphis.
The Lord can give, and the Lord can take away. I might be herding sheep next year.
Those people in New York are not gonna change me none.
I hope I didn't bore you too much with my life story.
It's human nature to gripe, but I'm going ahead and doing the best I can.
Rhythm is something you either have or don't have, but when you have it, you have it all over.
I like to sing ballads the way Eddie Fisher does and the way Perry Como does. But the way I'm singing now is what makes the money.
I'd just like to be treated like a regular customer.
I sure lost my musical direction in Hollywood. My songs were the same conveyer belt mass production, just like most of my movies were.
That's why I hate to get started in these jam sessions. I'm always the last one to leave.
I learned how important it is to entertain people and give them a reason to come and watch you play.
I knew by heart all the dialogue of James Dean's films; I could watch Rebel Without a Cause a hundred times over.
After a hard day of basic training, you could eat a rattlesnake.
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to.
I'm so nervous. I've always been nervous, ever since I was a kid.
They put me on television. And the whole thing broke loose. It was wild, I tell ya for sure.
Later on they send me to Hollywood. To make movies. It was all new to me. I was only 21 years old.
Those movies sure got me into a rut.
Too much TV hurts movies.
I miss my singing career very much.
I'm strictly for Stevenson. I don't dig the intellectual bit, but I'm telling you, man, he knows the most.
