Musician
When I was in south Sudan, people used to rap in my village. But the rapping was more in the mother tongue, Nuer.
Only a coward will use a gun to protect and get respect for themselves.
War destroys people's souls. Most people focus on physical injuries, but the invisible injuries can take a lifetime to heal and affects the lives of generations to come.
When I first went to school, I was fighting all the time. The soldier mentality was still in me. I kept getting expelled. I found it hard to take instructions from anyone who wasn't a military commander.
I lost my childhood. I didn't play football or video games. Or have birthdays or the love of a family.
I am proof that one person can rise above any challenge, and if I can, then so will others if they are given the chance.
When people know you've been a soldier, they judge you: you are a thief, a lost boy.
What I always wanted to do when I was a kid was to speak out and help people which I continue to do afterwards.
What music does to me, it helps me balance my inner pressure so that I can deal with the forces outside that are trying to pressure me.
I still have nightmares of dead comrades, a long time ago, talking to me. 'Emmanuel, don't forget about us, don't give up, keep telling our story.'
If I sleep for more than half an hour, I get horrible dreams in which I'm firing a gun and helicopters are coming down.
There's no pride in having been a child soldier.
I'm rapping in English but in an African way. I'm not trying to sound like an American.
Rap music is amazing, it's beautiful. But the problem is the lyrics. The person who writes the lyrics - that's the problem.
Music - it's the only thing that can enter your system, your mind, your heart, without your permission.
I would advise dancers, musicians and others in the entertainment industry to take up yoga, as it clears the mind and creates a sense of balance and stillness which is important for any performing artist.
When you see a Sudanese walking on the street, there is a story.
As a child, I didn't know what they mean by 'to die.' So I grew up in a place where people used to die all the time, but a child is not allowed to see a dead body. When you ask, 'Where is so-and so?' you're told, 'He's gone to another world where we all go to live in the future.'
Young people are so brave when they go to fight.
For many Sudanese, it's for strength they choose to be Christian rather than Muslim. My mum was a Muslim but she became a Christian later.
The only foreign policy advice I heard from China was when they said to Sudan, 'Don't go back to war.' That's all they said. They didn't push anything else.
I don't know anywhere where the people are hungrier for education than South Sudan.
Any child soldier has to go through a lot of love, care and understanding to become normal.
Music moves my emotions because music loosens me up.
In Africa, music is for everything, Music was originally used for community. That was what music was for.
Sometimes words are not needed, and the simplicity of expressing yourself through an art form is one of the best ways of communication.
