American,Musician
I am very thankful and blessed to have a healthy and happy baby boy and baby mama.
Life doesn't get more real than having a newborn at home.
There's a roots nature to Appalachia - the origins of folk and bluegrass. I know guys there who are some of the best players I've ever heard but are playing on their porch tonight because they've never chased success. There's simplicity to how they live and what they care about.
Maybe it's oldest-child syndrome, but I have always been competitive, even as a kid with sports. It spills into my career.
I would be on the 'anti-reality' show. I can't stand reality TV. I can tell you one that I absolutely would not be on, and that's 'Dancing With the Stars.' If you ever see me on that show, just please understand my family is starving to death, and things are really bad in the Church household.
I really love pizza after midnight.
I have a new hobby and it's pretty much logging.
Country music is the song that speaks to the American condition. It's middle America. Eight out of 10 people. Maybe it's not the No. 1 choice, but they listen to country.
I went to my dad when I was 17 and said, 'I want to be a country music star.' Which every dad loves to hear. And he said, 'I want you to go to college.' So we had a discussion. And I'm pretty stubborn. I'm a lot like him. And he said, 'If you go to college and graduate, I'll pay your first six months of rent in Nashville.' So he bribed me.
With bullying and all the stuff going on, words are very important. Words can be more hurtful than anything physically. I got little kids, and it's common sense when you're raising them that the main thing is how you talk to people, and how you treat people. Sometimes I think the world forgets that as we get older.
I'm going to do everything I can to keep from being mainstream.
I want to be the guy out there on the edge.
The town I came from really had one industry, and that was furniture.
I'm not a trust-fund type.
Everybody always tells you what an awesome and unique experience being a parent is. Words can never do the feeling justice.
I've always made music that was representative of real life.
If I wanted the ticket to be a $200 ticket, I'd have made it a $200 ticket, but I don't want it to be that.
Bob Seger was a huge inspiration.
The key to songwriting is just to be able to observe, and put yourself in situations to be around people, and let those ideas come to you.
I think right now, you've seen these artists pop up over the last decade who've flirted with branching together a lot of different kinds of music. Some of them have been huge, and sold millions of records. And I think over time it's become a little bit of what the industry can be.
The most important thing for me as an artist is having an identity.
I have a huge chip on my shoulder.
As far as writing, it's grown because I've really grown comfortable with who I am.
Once your career becomes about something other than the music, then that's what it is. I'll never make that mistake.
Many people have come to think they can just wake up and have things handed to them.
I've played shows with injuries before but unfortunately cannot overcome having no voice.
When we go out there, I want to be the act that, no matter who's in that crowd, they've never seen a better act than me. I'm gonna empty the tank.
I'm not a big TV guy, but I love either 'Auction Hunters' or those repo shows on truTV. It's really just glorified 'Jerry Springer' is all it is. Every now and then, it's just mindless entertainment. We'll be on the bus, and we'll laugh at it. Those are my guilty pleasures.
The Wall Street Dow Jones up and down thing that's moving when the stock market's open? That thing freaks me out. It's up, it's down, it's just maddening to me. I guess I'm such a super-focused kind of person that I get distracted really easy. I'll watch that thing, and it's like I'm losing money, I'm getting money. It's just crazy.
I grew up in North Carolina, and they have a soft drink called Sun Drop. I love the diet version of it. It's the greatest thing on the face of the earth. I always have it in my fridge - bus fridge and home fridge.
