American,Musician
I'm such a girly-girl! I don't know why people don't see that.
I'd rather make all my secrets public than have an image based on gossip. I'd rather put it out there myself and control it.
I always say, 'Hip-hop takes me everywhere.' It's crazy when I step onstage, and people might not speak much English, but they know every word to your songs. It's kind of freaky, but it's really cool.
I live in a neighborhood where there's a lot of West Indian culture, so it's nice.
I like to dabble in different things, but music is my first love. It connects to me in a way my side projects don't because it's so personal. I write the words. Music is like my diary. It's my therapy.
Reggae is my heart since I was a kid. I love Reggae music.
God is my best friend. I talk to God every day. And no one can tell me how to talk to God - not no imam, not no priest, not no rabbi, no pastor.
I'd rather experiment than follow the same formula. I'm a curious person. It's gotten me into trouble, but I say, 'Why not? Let's try it.'
What surprised me most about fame is how unpleasant it can be. I used to think it was going to be so fun. I got excited about the parties. You don't anticipate friends being jealous of you and critics giving your music bad reviews. Media and rumors - that stuff hurts.
'Lip Lock' is a play on words. It sounds flirty and fun. Also, my lips are one of my favorite features. Also, it's like, literally locking the game down with my words because I'm a lyricist.
Coming from Ruff Ryders, there would be, like, 30 guys in the studio at once, and then me, trying to do my own thing.
As far as style goes, I gravitate toward anything that is effortlessly chic. I don't wanna look like I'm trying too hard.
I'm still a tomboy at heart. In high school, I was the girl in the baggy jeans and Timberlands, but I was also at the hairdresser's every week.
I can't wait to have kids. I want so many. I want to adopt and have my own.
My dream collaboration is with Lauryn Hill. Is that ever gonna happen? Who knows!
I listen to everything - all kinds of stuff. I've been obsessed with the Nas and Damian Marley record, 'Distant Relatives.' I feel like a lot of people haven't heard it, and it's amazing.
I can't wait to have kids one day. Yeah. Definitely. That's the ultimate goal in life, for myself. I think that's the ultimate blessing.
Sticky toffee pudding is my favorite dessert in the U.K.
Originally, after 'Tambourine' came out, another record was supposed to come out, but I had issues with my record label at the time, which was Interscope. We couldn't agree on a record, so that took some time. I had to leave them and find a new label.
Out of all the places in the world, Jamaica is my favorite place.
I worship God. Religion and worship are two different things to me. Religion is by the book. I think too many people rely on the textbook: 'OK, it says to do this and it says to do that, so if I do this, this, and that, then I still can go out and do wrong because I did this, this, and that.'
I don't wanna be known as just a hip-hop artist. I wanna take it to a whole 'nother level.
I can't help who I am. I'm just doing what I feel like I should do in my heart. If I was walking around with Timbs and a hoodie on, people would see that that's not me.
When I got into high school and I was rapping, it was the attention I was loving. It was so hype.
I don't go anywhere without Elizabeth Arden Eight Hour Cream. On airplanes, I slather it on my face and lips - I know I look crazy, and I don't care!
I'm completely obsessed with Sunday roast dinners. I think that it's the best thing to ever happen to life!
