Scottish,Musician
Holidays are about experiences and people, and tuning into what you feel like doing at that moment. Enjoy not having to look at a watch.
I love out-of-the-way, rugged places. For me, holidays are about the experiences, and the people, and the memories, rather than sitting on a nice beach getting tanned. I try to plant myself where I am and embrace what is there in front of me.
The human body and mind are tremendous forces that are continually amazing scientists and society. Therefore, we have no choice but to keep an open mind as to what the human being can achieve.
Hearing is a form of touch. You feel it through your body, and sometimes it almost hits your face.
I'm not a deaf musician. I'm a musician who happens to be deaf.
The thing about playing percussion is that you can create all these emotions that can be sometimes beautiful, sometimes really ugly, or sometimes sweet, sometimes as big as King Kong and so on. And so there can be a real riot out there, or it can be so refined.
Society cannot continue to disable themselves through their need to categorize people or make assumptions as to another individual's abilities.
Music really is our daily medicine.
It's the things that you notice when you're not actually with your instrument that, in fact, become so interesting, and that you - you want to explore, through this tiny tiny surface of a drum.
The audience plays a huge part in how a piece will actually form. They really allow the performers to walk a tightrope in a way that never seems to happen in the privacy of your own four walls. I'm listening to the audience, and they're listening to me.
My first real foreign holiday was my honeymoon 20 years ago, and we went to Bali. It was particularly special for that reason, I enjoyed it very much - I had packed music scores and a practice drum pad, suspecting that I would be completely bored, but actually they remained in my case.
Percussion is the most adaptable family of instruments. The biggest challenge is to project percussion in a lyrical way.
I want to be able to say on my deathbed that I reached a few people. That would be very nice, just to be able to say that.
Anything you strike, anything you shake or rattle, or just anything that can be picked up, and you can create a sound.
I suppose I don't hear things, but I listen, if you know what I mean. And there is a big difference between hearing and listening. So it's like a conversation, you know. When you speak to someone, it's one on one, and that's exactly how I play.
Before my teen years, I was losing my hearing pretty quickly, and I was getting very, very angry. I was beginning to become an angry person because of that.
Music is about communication... it isn't just something that maybe physically sounds good or orally sounds interesting; it's something far, far deeper than that.
Once you're in a particular country, and you're surrounded by musicians who are so adept at traditional music, you suddenly realize how much there is to explore and digest and learn and experience.
I walk into a kids' store, and it's amazing, the types of instruments - little squeaky things, rattling things, spinning tops.
Concerts have to be seen as a real event for which the aim is to try and feed everybody.
I didn't decide to become a musician until the age of 15, which is quite late.
Percussion is physical, as most instruments are. The body must function well in order to play the instruments well. Last year I climbed Mount Kilimanjaro.
There are many collaborations I'd like to explore. One is to co-write a rap concerto with Eminem.
I've kept a diary since I was 11.
I often play on the cello-bass side of the orchestra, because I prefer the deep sounds. I can't hear the violins well.
My favorite instrument is the snare drum. In Scotland, the snare drum is very prominent in Highland bands. The Scottish style of playing is in my blood. It's a very powerful instrument, but it can also be soothing, like velvet. It's a real challenge for composers.
