American,Musician
My whole thing is loyalty. Loyalty over royalty; word is bond.
There's gonna be a lot of great songs, but there ain't going to be another 'Trap Queen.'
There's a lot of females that hustle, just like men hustle.
Plans never go well for me. I just live every day like I ain't gonna live the next one.
Don't let nobody tell you that you can't do it. Love what you do until you don't love it anymore. Nothing's impossible.
I am my own mentor. I like to listen to myself to improve.
You don't really gotta rap no more; you can just say the verse with a swag now.
I just want everybody to know my music and get to know my squad, Remy Boyz; just to show people New Jersey. New Jersey got talent, too. I mean, everybody sleeps on us, and they put us as the underdog.
Once I come up with the concept, the rest of the song just comes.
If only the people around you know you're an artist, then you're doing something wrong.
When I was little, I got into a little accident, and it gave me congenital glaucoma in both of my eyes.
I got my own sound; nobody sounds like me.
When you really work hard for something that you genuinely and truly love, and you don't want it to fail, it's a good feeling to see it do good.
I just consider myself an artist. I don't really rap. I don't really sing. I just do what I feel is good, and people like it.
I don't ever try to make a song better than my last song. I just try to make it different from my last one.
I never really thought I was going to be a singer, honestly. I never listened to singers; I always listened to rap music.
When I go to clubs, I don't have to wait outside.
I was always able to get money, but now it's a little bit more money, and I manage the same way. I just want to see my family do better.
Gucci Mane is my favorite artist.
People don't really call me a rapper. They call me Mr. 'Trap Queen'. The 'Trap Queen' Guy.
I never thought I was going to leave the trap. I even told my mother, 'I'm gonna be the trap God.'
Oh man, I would definitely love to work with Kanye on something. But it really is all up to him, so whatever he wants to do, I'm with it.
I'm just really waiting for the music to get cooked the right way, and once it's cooked, I'm going to serve that meal that everybody's been waiting for.
I'm not really into the whole lyrics thing; I just like to make music that people like to listen to.
It takes a lot of people hours to make music because they focus so much on one thing. I just do it, and I make something you can just vibe to.
The first song I did was over a Chief Keef beat - 'Understand Me.' I did that in, like, 2011 or 2012, I think.
