American,Musician
I'll tell you one thing you can't do: you can't put your shoes on, then your socks on.
If anyone wants to know what the definition of 'dope' means, it's: 'Definition of Public Enemy.'
If I do look back, I'll say that I'm blessed. I'm blessed, and I appreciate God for not only letting me live through everything, but to prosper.
Best advice that I ever got is to do whatever it takes to make myself happy, so that I'll be able to make others happy. If I'm not happy, I can't make other people happy.
I just want to show the world it's never too late to get your diploma, and show kids they should stay in school and not wait until you're old to get it.
One thing you can't do with babies, you can't give them steak.
Honestly, Flav is not much of a video game player these days. BUT, I used to spend hours on Time Crisis. I beat all levels, man.
I got my degree in culinary arts in 1978.
The hype man's job is to get everybody out of their seats and on the dance floor to have a good time.
Remember the diner in 'Happy Days?' I do want to do a show like that. But an updated version.
Hip-hop is when you have crowd participation; when you chant at the audience and they chant back at you; when you wave your hands in the air like you just don't care; or some breakdancing. Everything today is just low-beat, real bass-y, bass-y, good rap records.
I've taken a lot of time to build up the name Flavor Flav, but this could come tumbling down in 30 seconds. If you want to keep what you worked for hard all your life, then you got to do the right thing in your life.
I set our house on fire when I was a little child playing with lighters. Boy, did I burn the place down!
I remember rap music. We used to party and dance off of it. Today it's all about a whole different angle... Rappers are going against each other, and it's more of a bragging, boasting thing.
Since 1987, when I got my first one, I've been wearing a clock around my neck 24/7. You feel me? 24/7.
I wear my Viking helmet because the horns define how sharp my brains are. If you try to rub me the wrong way, I will stick you with both of my horns.
I'm a real big celebrity. I'm this megastar.
When I was in jail, I was a lot of people's favorite person. I practically ran the jail. I had more freedom than the police.
I know I have a hit show on my hands.
I try and spend a lot of time with my kids. I try and have fun with my kids. I try to put father time in there.
I'm trying to grow. I don't want to stay on the same page.
I ain't scared to do another dating show, but I ain't really trying to. I want to do a talk show or something. I've done enough dating on television. I'm ready to spread my wings, and go down other avenues.
Your man Flavor Flav is living!
I got a lot happening, a whole lot, and it's not always easy being me.
The moments we have behind us, you won't be able to see again. We're only responsible for what we live in right now.
I look more to the future. That's where my head is at.
