American,Musician
There's just some magic in truth and honesty and openness.
I'm not a centerfold.
We all know we have a finite period of time. I just feel if I'm going to be alive, I want to be challenged - to be as immortal as possible. The path to that isn't an easy way, but it's a rewarding way.
As long as your intentions are solid and about growth and progression and being productive and not being idle, then you're doing good in my book.
In art, at a certain level, there is no 'better than.' It's just about trying to operate for yourself on the most supreme level, artistically, that you can and hoping that people get it. Trusting that, just because of the way people are built and how interconnected we are, greatness will translate and symmetry will be recognised.
The Internet made fame wack and anonymity cool.
You can't think; you just gotta do things.
I don't ever want to be caught up in a system of thinking I can do one thing 'cos that's just... that's just telling yourself a lie.
People are just afraid of things too much. Afraid of things that don't necessarily merit fear.
Art's everything we hope life would be, a lot of times.
I think we all change each other's paths. I don't know which law idea that is in physics, but I don't think any of us can live without affecting one another.
Whenever I think about movies, I always look at that art process as having the best of a lot of worlds. Because if you watch a great film, you have a musical element to it, not just on the scoring, but in the way that the shots are edited - that has music and rhythm and time.
The idea of recognising your strengths and using them in as versatile a way as you can is cool to me.
I was a thug.
The Internet is just another experiment showing us more sides of us.
I've gotten used to being Frank Ocean.
You just do what you can and you have as much fun as possible.
I won't touch on risky, because that's subjective. People are just afraid of things too much. Afraid of things that don't necessarily merit fear.
I don't have any secrets I need kept any more.
A friend of mine jokes that I have a painstaking royalty complex. Like maybe I was a duke in a past life.
Boys do cry, but I don't think I shed a tear for a good chunk of my teenage years.
I've written some great things. That's a gift, but there's consequences. Yeah, you get this great work, but you suffer. You really, really suffer.
I'm extremely compassionate, loving, all of those warm fuzzy things, but the outer shell doesn't project that all the time.
The work is the work. The work is not me.
I feel like I was writing as I was learning to talk. Writing was always a go-to form of communication. And I knew I could sing from being in tune with the radio.
Obviously, the cinematography of films is art, just as a still shot can be art. If I'm watching a Wes Anderson movie, the colour palettes alone, and the way they're painted, could be art. With music, you're a little bit limited, of course, because it's only audio.
I booked my first studio at like 12 or 13. Somewhere in that season of my life, singing along with the radio became me wanting to be on radio, you know.
Of course awards matter.
I don't intend to stop making music.
I play piano every day. I enjoy that.
I like the anonymity that directors can have about their films.
All in all, I just don't trust journalists - and I don't think it's a good practice for me to trust journalists.
Here's what I think about music and journalism: The most important thing is to just press play.
I have no delusions about my likability in every scenario. I know that in order to get things done the way you want them, oftentimes your position will be unpopular.
I never think about myself as an artist working in this time. I think about it in macro.
I'm in this business to be creative - I'll even diminish it and say to be a content provider.
I worked my face off.
When I was growing up, there was nobody in my family - not even my mother - who I could look to and be like, 'I know you've never said anything homophobic.' So, you know, you worry about people in the business who you've heard talk that way. Some of my heroes coming up talk recklessly like that.
I want to thank The Beatles for almost single-handedly getting me out of writer's block.
How we experience memory sometimes, it's not linear. We're not telling the stories to ourselves. We know the story; we're just seeing it in flashes overlaid.
In the studio, we adhere to a strict colour code. Developed over decades, the colour code consists of a finite and precise colour palate... The whole world as we experience it comes to us through the mystic realm of colour.
Super-envious of the fact that Daft Punk can wear robot helmets and be one of the most famous bands in the world, while also understanding that will never be my situation.
When I did have some success, it further emboldens you to be like, 'No, I'm just going to write what I feel I should write.'
I believe that I'm one of the best in the world at what I do, and that's all I've ever wanted to be.
It's more interesting for me to figure out how to be superior in areas where I'm naive, where I'm a novice.
Because I'm not in a record deal, I don't have to operate in an album format.
It started to weigh on me that I was responsible for the moves that had made me successful, but I wasn't reaping the lion's share of the profits, and that was problematic for me.
I can't usually stomach a project after I finish it, but for those days and weeks and months that it's new to me, I do listen to it, and it might change over time, but it's about function.
The way I approach this thing, when I started to get my head screwed on straight and really trying to make something of myself as an artist, when I was 19 or 20, it became more about function for me. Like, what is this song doing to you? What is the function of this type of artform? What is it doing?
When you write a song like 'Forrest Gump,' the subject can't be androgynous. It requires an unnecessary amount of effort.
I can operate in half-a-song format.
My music definitely comes from a place of experience. Everything connects to a truth.
I grew up in New Orleans. I had just moved into my dorm at the University of New Orleans, and I was doing laundry, and my mom called me, like, 'We've got to evacuate. There's a hurricane's coming.'
I'm big on what's in good taste.
I respect Drake not only as a creative person but as a business mind as well. I think Drake's important.
Sometimes, I want to talk on a song and be angry, because I am angry. Then there's always a part of me that remembers that this record lives past my being angry, and so do I really want to be angry about that? Is that feeling going to have longevity?
I need to know how many records I've sold, how many album equivalents from streaming, which territories are playing my music more than others, because it helps me in conversations about where we're gonna be playing shows or where I might open a retail location, like a pop-up store or something.
It's hard to articulate how I think about myself as a public figure.
It's not essential for me to have a big debut week; it's not essential for me to have big radio records.
