American,Musician
The makeup is simply an extension of the personality and colors, clothing, makeup all express something.
I don't wait for the calendar to figure out when I should live life.
I'm fascinated with myself and love hearing the sound of my own voice. I'd like to hear what I have to say. A lot of people don't like being alone because they truly don't like themselves, but I love me.
Live and think like a poor man and you'll always be OK.
If you're the greatest, it's okay to say you're the greatest. My suggestion to everybody is to be their own greatest fan. Weaker personas and personalities define that as egotistical or arrogant, but what it means is their self-esteem isn't that strong.
Never underestimate the power of being popular in pop culture. You have to be able to do something. You can have a good seat at the restaurant, but you still have to pay for the meal. Fame is important, but to be rich is more important.
James Bond has a license to kill, rockstars have a license to be outrageous. Rock is about grabbing people's attention.
Life is too short to have anything but delusional notions about yourself.
The biggest financial pitfall in life is divorce. And the biggest reason for divorce is marriage.
Personally I support 14,000 kids in Zambia - I feed and clothe them - but I don't hold press conferences about it. I don't do it so you'll think what a nice person I am; it's private.
The only jobs kids have are to do well in school, to be charming and polite, and be thankful. That's it. I'll house you, protect you, I'll even give my life for you, and in return, you will behave.
I do often fly first class, but I don't travel with a posse, or bodyguard, or an assistant.
Rock is about finding who you are. You don't necessarily have to play your instrument very well at all. You can just barely get by and you can be in a rock band.
The root of all evil isn't money; rather, it's not having enough money.
I've always been anti-marriage for men until they become mature. As a species we don't mature until we're in our 60s.
Kiss is not a charity. Never, ever mix commerce and charity.
I also learned that I love making money. Anyone who is not afraid of work will be happy with the money they make.
You can't go through life and leave things the way they are. We can all make a difference, and if I die today, I know I made a difference.
The sad thing is most people have to check with someone before they do the things that make them happy. We're all passing through; the least we can do is be happy, and the only way to do that is by being selfish.
People who are the salt of the earth get up and go to a job that they hate.
I like to approach every day like it's the only day I will ever have.
I crave ideas, and when an idea hits me, it grips me and it tortures me until I master it.
My skin is more beautiful than yours. I would be quite more popular in jail if I so chose.
You know why I'm pulling your leg? Because I can't touch it from where I am.
When you walk through a bad neighborhood, you don't want a poodle by your side. You want a Rottweiler.
I want to do everything. I want to be the president, I want to learn Tae Kwan Do, I want to climb mountains. I'm always bugged by the notion that I can't do everything.
If you're building a house, or doing anything, time is what you've got. Well, there's effort, but you need time. The more time you put into something, the better stuff you can make.
I think I know it all, relatively speaking.
Well, I'm like most Americans, we don't vote by party, we both by the person because a person is bigger than the party, which is why sometimes the Democrats get in and sometimes the Republicans get in.
I voted for President Bush, I voted for President Clinton, and, although I do want my vote back, I voted for President Obama.
It's in the history books, the Holocaust. It's just a phrase. And the truth is it happened yesterday. It happened to my mother. I never met my grandmothers or my grandfathers. They were all wiped up in the gas chambers of Nazi Germany.
There is nothing that I would do ever to break my mother's heart.
England is a profoundly bizarre place that has produced thousands of bands the world has worshipped.
Sugar-free ice pops are an invention of God. They hardly have any calories since they're mostly water. I eat about 15 pops every two days.
I worship scones and danishes. If I never had another meal, I wouldn't care as long as I could eat pastries and jelly doughnuts.
Nobody does just one thing. But the real difference between being an entrepreneur and everyone else in the world is the ability to monetize. I am an entrepreneur in the classic mold.
If you look at the CEOs of some the most successful companies in the world like IKEA, they never fly first class. They always go economy.
I fly economy. I do often fly first class, but I don't travel with a posse, or bodyguard, or an assistant.
Don't believe bands who say it's all about the fans and they want to give their music away for free. The result is they will continue to live in their mother's basement.
I would urge all bands that say they only care about credibility and don't care about money to send Gene Simmons every dollar that they don't want. I'd be happy to take it off them.
Before a show, you might have aches or pains, or it's a bad rainy day, or it's too humid. We all complain about stuff. But... how do I put this poetically? Once it's the roar of the crowd and the smell of the greasepaint, forget it. Once the adrenaline kicks in and your chest expands, you forget about all that.
If you win a race, you don't ask how you did it, as long as you do it.
In theater, you're playing characters. You believe you're somebody else, and you're acting.
If you think about it, critics are an unnecessary life-form on the planet Earth, and here's why: because it's a job without credentials. You don't have to go to school.
I'm from Israel, so America has no limits. I started a record label, and then I started managing other artists, like Liza Minelli.
I work for everything I've got. I started off as a very poor kid. I want to get paid.
Music is feeling. You can try to verbalize it. It really just hits you or it doesn't.
I think it's pathetic that women and men treat each other worse than we treat our pets. It's love or hate.
When you are a rock star in front of 20,000 people, you receive instant gratification. A rock star on tour is a king in his domain.
To be in a band on the road is to have anything and everything you want just by picking up the phone.
I don't sleep all that much, but when I do, it's sound.
I have to have an emotional connection to what I am ultimately selling because it is emotion, whether you are selling religion, politics, even a breath mint.
