British,Musician
My daughter is the biggest gift; I've said it so many times and it sounds like a cliche, but the thing about being a parent is when you think you've cracked it, and you're on top of your game, they change again and you have to catch up and adjust. I feel such a responsibility to instill good values in her, to be polite, to have discipline.
I love being on the beach - it's my favourite place. I can chill out, read, listen to music, play with my daughter.
There will always be a few people who just want to knock you down or are jealous or just want to be horrible for the sake of it. I don't know what drives someone to be nasty.
I don't know what I'm doing, but I'm damn well gonna do it!
I'm never getting too lonely because it's the kind of disease where you might sit in front of the TV with three bags of biscuits, rather than communicate with the world.
If people choose to engage on a one-dimensional level that's fine. But going beyond the surface can enrich ourselves as human beings.
I think it's unnecessary to be mean for the sake of being mean, but I do believe you have to be truthful, but with love.
Perfectionism kills art. I find that if I criticise myself, it spoils the fun. You can get paralysed by analysis - it takes all the playfulness away.
I have been wearing black, which was a reaction to the Ginger thing. But now I have hopes and I can be anything. Tomorrow I might be naked with a feather boa, who knows?
I know that I've overfed myself trying to prop myself up because I'm exhausted.
Celebrity has some amazing advantages, of course it does. You're given an extraordinary power. It's a door-opener. I might not have to queue for things.
I'm so supported, and I'm so privileged. So many women today are single parents; I don't feel different. I think you get out of life what you put into it... and Bluebell was a beautiful accident. I feel blessed to have her. I'm learning every day as a mother.
Becoming a solo singer is like going from an eau de toilette to a perfume. It's much more intense.
I've learnt that if I tell myself I'm not allowed something, I binge on it later. So if I want chocolate, I have chocolate. If I want biscuits, I have biscuits. I love cake. I just love cake.
A lot of people have said that I've got a voice that speaks to children. I think I've got a natural naivety to me. I'm childish.
I obviously want to give a healthy body image to my own daughter. I think having good examples, eating properly, that's all one can do - and just be really loving around her. I've tried to give her confidence in who she is. I think she's all right in the confidence department.
It is a blessing to have pretty people around me. I like people who are sparky, positive. Evil, dark people are repelled by me: 'Oooh no! Too much sunlight.'
'Spice Girls' is about unifying the world - every age, every gender, everyone. It's woman power, it's an essence, a tribe.
I have the most ridiculous TV crush on Michael McIntyre. I fell in love watching him on 'Britain's Got Talent'.
I just feel that the only power I have is setting a good example.
I love Australian people.
I have days of self-doubt, but I think the kindest thing I can do to myself is accept where my body is at.
Being mean about other people isn't on my radar.
Everyone has a mad half-hour once a month.
I am absolutely blessed and I'm very grateful for where I am today.
I have always wanted a solo career, deep in the darkest pit of myself, but I didn't dare admit it to myself even. It took me a long time to confront my fears.
I've always made my own clothes since I was a little girl. I was a terrible sewer, but I was always cutting and customising.
I'm much more accepting of myself. A lot of my body issues have naturally settled down.
I have a history of eating disorders but, as a mother, you think of being an example to your child. I'm so much more balanced than I was.
The thing is, when I feel like I have to lose weight, the opposite happens. I remember stuffing loads of chocolate on the plane to the shoot, and I thought, 'Why don't you have the courage to show up in a body that's natural, not overly worked out?'
