American,Musician
Until the contract is signed, nothing is real.
My attitude with covers is, make it your own or else leave it alone.
The occult - what do you mean, Jesus? That's occult to me. It's so far-fetched, it's ridiculous.
I wish the Libertarian Party would get more play in the media but they don't.
I just play music, you know what I mean? That's what I want to spend my time talking about.
I like Bill Murray a real lot. I like Andy Kaufman.
Comics are a dying art. If you ask a little kid to choose between a video game with insane graphics or comic books... you have to compete with cable, satellite TV with its thousands of channels, and with video games that are like movies, with CGI explosions where you can blow up worlds.
When I started Samhain, I remember a producer telling me that I had a real band now.
I don't see any holy wars being fought in the name of Satan.
What irritates me are bands that pretend they've never heard of the Misfits or Danzig, but they've got the skeleton shirt.
Sometimes on a tour bus, we watch comedy when it's slow.
Yeah, now we publish whenever we feel like it.
It's annoying when someone's in front of you driving ten miles an hour, and you're like, 'Okay, today,' and someone else is on the side of you, so you can't pass them, and when you finally do pass them and they are texting, the laser cannons just come out and disintegrate that car.
To some people heavy metal is Motorhead and to others it's Judas Priest.
I don't think any punk bands really ever got their due.
It seems like time slips out of your hands. You wake up, and 2-3 years have passed.
America was founded on satanism.
I don't follow trends. I just do what I like doing.
No trick or treaters came to my house for Halloween. For some reason, people around here are scared of me.
As a little kid watching horror movies, if you only got to see the monster for the last two minutes of the movie, I thought that movie pretty much sucked.
There's all kinds of schisms in Satanism, but the thing I like about it is the quest for knowledge.
In Japan, they have TV sets in cars right now, where you can punch up traffic routes, weather, everything! You can get Internet access already in cars in Japan, so within the next 2 to 3 years it's gonna be so crazy!
I just told you I wasn't a Satanist.
You know I take music seriously, right? So I expect journalists to take being a journalist seriously.
But unfortunately, I have to say, one out of every 100 interviews I do, I get a real journalist.
Of course, I started really being a comics fan with the underground stuff in the '70s.
I hadn't done a photo cover in a while, and I decided to do a take on the 'Pin Ups' cover, but do it in skull face and have the girl in skull face. People seem to dig it.
However you feel about Dimebag, this is one of the most influential metal guitar players of the '90s. I was just talking to someone that I am hiring to bring on the tour who said that, when he was at the funeral, that Eddie Van Halen came and put his striped guitar in the coffin. That's a pretty big deal.
You'd be surprised the type of people who are into metal when you see them. Sometimes I'm even surprised, but it's cool. That's the reason it's still around.
Whether or not the devil is really good or evil is something that we don't really know.
I had a situation where Bill Clinton sent the F.B.I. after me.
I'm a big Fred Armisen fan.
I don't think anyone in my family was funny.
So many big magazines just dissed the whole punk thing as nothing, but really, it was a big thing. It really changed, and that's what we wanted to do - change the system.
I've seen a bunch of the 'Portlandia' episodes, and they're pretty hilarious.
I like the original Metallica version they did on 'Garage Days' - 'Last Caress' and 'Green Hell.'
I love giving the energy and getting the energy back. There is nothing like it.
Although I have been pretty vocal about hating touring, the only part of touring I don't like is being on the bus and bouncing around.
Two hours onstage... that's the best part because it makes it all worth it.
The thing that has never changed is I do what I want to do. If I can't do what I want to do, I don't want to do it.
When I write, I write the drum beat. Though sometimes I write on piano or guitar.
If I can make people forget whatever they're dealing with for an hour and a half, two hours every night, that's nice.
I hate iPods.
I like albums. I like holding them, seeing what they're all about, you know? I like reading liner notes. Even if it's a CD, you're getting kind of an idea of what the band is coming from. Or what they want you to think they're coming from. I like that.
I don't even listen to music on the road, and if I did, it would be classical or whatever, something to chill me out.
CDs sound so much better than MP3s. I'm sure they'll come out with a better format someday.
I always want to do - take everything and take it to the next step. I don't want to just keep doing something the same ol' thing. Obviously, I could have wrote 'Mother' 20 times and made tons of money and be playing gigantic arenas and whatever, but that's not really what I want to do.
I'm lucky that I can stay busy and people are interested in what I do. I have fantastic people that are into whatever I do, which is great. I try to keep myself happy and them happy.
I've always tried to expand what heavy or loud music was and where it can go and what it can do.
It's what's missing, I think, from most music - the rebellious part. That rebelliousness is part of great rock music or great literature or any great creative stuff.
The most rebelliousness I see now is coming out of WikiLeaks and D.C. Leaks and BlackListed News.
All that pop that you see on the radio? It's just the worst crud I've ever heard in my life. It's designed to make money, and that's about it.
Pop music doesn't challenge anything.
For me, it shouldn't just be a live show: it should be an experience. It should be some kind of crazy, tribal, exhausting experience.
Back in the days, we had to work with a shoestring budget. We had a movie screen, and we'd show movie trailers on them, and then we'd rip through it and started playing. Now we have a little money to play with to do a cool stage set.
It's pretty crazy the amount of people that have covered my songs.
It's funny I'm talking to 'Rolling Stone' right now, because back then, it was like, 'Punk rock? Put it back. It's just a flash in the pan.'
David Bowie's death came out of the blue, as did Prince's.
If you're a music fan, you think these artists will be here forever, but you should enjoy them while they're here, because you never know what will happen.
I'm a workaholic, and so I've always got to be doing stuff.
I try to work out, but a lot of hotels don't have gyms anymore, so I always try to find a local gym where there's not a ton of 'roid-heads, 'cause I can't stand them. It's tough.
Diet is really important, and I think vitamins are really important, also.
If I can help it, I don't go to modern doctors.
I don't know that I'm not normal, because usually, when I tell people the things I do, either their jaw drops or they look at me shocked, but I'm sure I do normal things - everyone eats, that kind of stuff.
It really annoys me when the light turns green, and you're behind somebody, and they're just sitting there looking at the light for about 15, 20 seconds.
My opinion of covers is that unless you're going to change and take a cover in a new direction, it's gonna get put up against the old one, and you're gonna lose. It's like, which would you rather listen to? The Righteous Brothers' 'Loving Feeling' or Hall and Oates' 'Loving Feeling?'
When your car rattles when you drive, you know you are playing cool music.
I have an old Shelby '68 Mustang that I don't drive.
Comics are printed on paper, which is expensive, making it tough to stay in business.
While I am here, I want to maximize my time on this planet, you know.
I like to stay busy. I am a workaholic, and I like to be creative.
I like being out onstage in front of everybody, getting that energy and giving that energy. Hopefully I am making them forget about all their problems in the world. For however many hours they are at our show, hopefully they are going to have a great time, and it makes life a little more bearable for everybody involved.
I love the energy, and I just love watching people lose their minds and be happy and exhilarated. There is nothing like it.
If there's going to be another Misfits record, I'd probably have to write the stuff.
We're one of the only bands that get censored for theological commentary.
It started getting too crazy with 'Earth A.D.' The concepts started becoming too brutal and violent. It was less about fiction and more about the real world, the past, present, and future. I think a lot of people got freaked out by that.
My image is dark and sombre. It fits my personality. The problem I always had with the people in the Misfits was that it was a put-on. You wouldn't see those guys walking around like that.
Anyone who knows me or my past knows that I never walk away from a fight.
I don't like a lot of drama on the road - I don't like prima donnas.
The choruses are important for me. I want to say something, and sing-along is great.
Some of the best sing-along stuff you'll ever hear is Gary Glitter.
I know kids like Beavis and Butt-head.
Sometimes I was like Beavis and Butt-head growing up. I know people who lit their friend's house on fire accidentally.
Anyone who knows me, and most of my fans, know that I have a sense of humor.
A long time ago, Prince said that no musician is ever gonna make money off the Internet, and he was right.
On Sirius, I can find anything I want. They have about four or five different metal channels, rock channels; there's a whole Elvis channel.
Growing up, just singing in bands, I didn't have the same kind of voice as everyone else.
