American,Musician
Except for a few guitar chords, everything I've learned in my life that is of any value I've learned from women.
Without a reunion, the Eagles are forever young, like James Dean.
I won't apologize for ticket prices. I think we're well worth it. We consider ourselves in the elite touring acts, like the Stones, Elton John, Paul McCartney.
Hey, I didn't make a big deal out of Hotel California. The 18 million people that bought it did.
I read the Life magazine articles about free love and free dope in California. At age 20 I drove to Los Angeles.
I've read somewhere that when you're writing, you should stop while you're doing well so you always want to go back to work.
Hey, a woman changed her mind - what else is new?
I think it would be nice to sell 15 million albums as a solo artist. I'd have to deal with all the repercussions of that, but that wouldn't be too bad.
I think musicians and artists are the most philanthropic people I know. Their charity record of the music business would hold up to the work of anybody.
I'm just a bleeping maniac in straight clothing. There's no reason to dress my monster up.
I'm just as insufferable and useless as every other dad is. The dynamic never changes, no matter what you do for a living.
If the Eagles were to get back together, it would have to be for the right reasons. I think it would look awful if it were just for the money.
If you get a chance to be in a film, that's great. One of my goals is to make a record as good as Don Henley's album, Building the Perfect Beast.
It seems when I put together records, as Henley used to say, they're just like movies. They should have action, tension, love scenes, places to relax.
It was 1967, and the hippie thing was happening. I got into experimenting with drugs while I was in college in Michigan.
My songs grow on people - like warts.
Nobody told Don Henley or me that we were going to make it as solo artists, but I can speak for Don when I say that we are both really happy now that the band is not together.
Some people, they just don't get a joke.
Somebody asked my friend Bob Seger, Why do you think the Eagles broke up? He said, Hotel California.
That's what I miss out of all this synthesized music - it starts to lose dynamics.
The last two years with the Eagles were pretty intense times. There was a lot of drinking and we were all getting high a lot. My parents were relieved when I got off the Eagles treadmill.
There are only those certain people where things click - at least for me.
