Irish,Musician
A song is like a saddle: you ride it for a while, and if it's the right kind of song you can sing it for the rest of your life.
I've always felt that if I ever got cynical, I would have to stop making music because I'd just be poisoning the air.
You know, when I was a kid waiting on the bus, I remember that was when I imagined my life. I imagined everything that I was gonna be when I grew up and I imagined all of these amazing journeys and amazing people I'd meet. Of course, all of it has kind of come to fruition.
I love the idea of leaving some of the original abstract thought in, because the problem is that when you pick up a pen you become a snob, your own worse critic. You edit yourself in a way that is non-creative.
The moment of drifting into thought has been so clipped by modern technology. Our lives are filled with distraction with smartphones and all the rest. People are so locked into not being present.
If you don't mark your successes, the day your ship comes in could be just another day at the office, and there's no poetry in that.
Sadness is a very interesting idea, this idea of sadness being some kind of default setting that artists will go into. And then I started thinking about this idea of sadness and happiness, and the idea that sadness is very loud, and happiness is quiet.
I only ever really take out my guitar when I'm miserable, which isn't necessarily a very good time to do it.
And for some reason, when I'm sad, I do listen to Leonard Cohen, I do listen to Joni Mitchell. I do find myself going to the music that's actually reflecting my mood, as opposed to sticking on Motown, which might actually bring my mood up.
This weird thing that musicians have... it's got something to do with approval, and not feeling good enough, and therefore going out and being great somehow makes your life valid.
And I've always loved playing solo.
I guess in a way I just feel blessed to be able to make music.
Do I create conflicts for myself? Sure I do.
I choose to believe that there is good in people and that everything is a lesson. Our place on Earth is to go deeper, to somehow get wiser. To have spirit.
Sometimes travelling really intensely for a long time is like having a continuous nervous breakdown.
My life at home is super simple. My local bar with my mates, cooking for my mother, making tables, planting vegetables: It's the classic idea of the artistic existence.
My dad was quiet, angry, shut down. So my thing is: I express everything that's there. I want to get it all out.
There are people who can sit down and write a song about any given subject, and they can do it really, really well.
What happens to us all, I think, when we pick up a pen, is that we just become snobs.
I busked from the age of 13 until I was 18.
Well, playing a guy who writes songs and busks on Grafton Street in Dublin and falls in love with Marketa Irglova wasn't very difficult for me. There was very little acting going on.
I won't say I've closed the door on acting.
You know, albums are a funny thing. They're not like an intellectual decision. It's a collection of your kind of musings.
I've realized, you know, having turned 40, that rest is just as important as work. In fact, it's equally as important.
Our imagination just needs space. It's all it needs, that moment where you just sort of stare into the distance where your brain gets to sort of somehow rise up.
Well, everything about singing, I learned from busking. Everything I learned about songwriting, I learned from busking.
