British,Musician
We can't forget what happened on May 4th, 1970, when four students gave up their lives because they had the American constitutional right of peaceful protest. They gave up their lives. And to sing that song in that spot on that anniversary was very emotional for us.
If every human being disappeared off the face of the earth in an instant, the earth would still keep spinning and the planet would develop new life forms.
I've been a photographer all these years... I haven't been in my own darkroom for 10 years.
I mean, there's times to rock and roll, and I love that too. But I think my first love is acoustic music.
We seem to somewhat be behind an eight ball, and what I mean by that is we're constantly waiting for a call from Neil as to whether he wants to do CSNY.
We want to get this good music to as many people as possible because I think it heals, it soothes, I think music is incredibly important, especially in today's chaos.
I'm not so sure that people consider homelessness to be as important as, say, the Vietnam War. One should never even try to equate them because, of course, they're tragedies on both sides of the coin.
After six or seven performances of any song, you begin to perform it rather than feel it.
This digital world is completely fascinating to me.
There are always new things to experience, internalize then write about. This process is ongoing with me. It never stops. The opportunity to reach new audiences with all of the music that we have made is thrilling.
Neil's effect on the band was immediate and very fulfilling. He adds a certain edge to the sound and, of course, he is an incredible musician. We became a better band because of the inclusion of Neil Young.
We are excited about the music, past and present and future, and are really looking forward to playing.
Being in a different band always brings great musical experiences to be able to draw on.
There is a great correlation between music and images.
Generally, my writing is influenced by living, by absorbing everything that happens to me and my actions.
I wasn't thinking of the longevity of any of my songs, but I am extremely pleased with the lasting effect.
One can't deny what has happened to us in the past. The secret is to enjoy and be proud of the music we've created and the people with whom we have been linked. It's all a long chain of involvement in the world, and we are proud to be yet another link in this chain.
I find it somewhat difficult to write with other people, although it has happened occasionally.
People like Beck and Shawn Colvin are some of the people I listen to lately.
If I read or listened to critics of our music, I'd have been discouraged a long time ago.
You know, every year has been fantastic for me, I'm still here, I'm still alive and it's been fantastic.
I worked very hard on me and David's record and I'm extremely proud of the record, as most people are who were involved with it. And, it's been wonderfully received by people who like our kind of music, they think it's something special, and so do I.
If you don't want to be there, it shows in the energy that you put out and in your actions.
I realized at one point that David and I had not made a record together in almost 26 years and I thought that that was absurd because, first of all it had gone so fast, I didn't really realize, neither did David, that it had been that long.
All the signs were right. And when I mean all the sings were right, the only signs that we care about when we start a project of making a record is, do we have the songs - it's that simple.
We only had enough money really to cut 10 things and be in there for a month because it's expensive, you know. And, singer/songwriters, today are lucky if they can get a deal, you know. So, we actually worked so fast that we really cut 20 things.
