American,Musician
Gotta take my puppy on the road with me, Killer.
I didn't think we would ever make enough money to pay rent by playing music.
Before I got into rock n' roll, I was going to be a dentist.
People always lean toward who's the best guitar player, who's the best singer? I don't see it that way. They're all the best, you know? They've all gotten your attention, you've admired them, you've tried to sing like them. That makes them the best, each and every one of 'em.
I would like to be remembered as a - somebody who could rock your soul or make your cry with a song. And somebody who's kind, who loved to laugh, and loved his God.
So many people out there can probably sing very good - all they need to do is just drop their inhibitions. That's why most people do their singing in the shower.
When I got out of high school, I thought, I'll take a year or two off and play the clubs, get this out of my system, and then go to med school.
My goal is to put out an album with every song being an original composition of mine. I want the credits to read, 'All songs written by Gregory L. Allman' - that is something I really want to make happen.
Pop just didn't have enough substance for me. All this nyah-nyah-nyah, you know, 'Paper Tiger' and 'Hold the Ladder, James' and 'Crimson and Clover.' That wasn't music!
At the Muddy Waters thing, I played the first song by myself on an acoustic guitar. I thought that was great that y'all did that tribute to Muddy Waters. I had a real good time.
Clapton asked my brother to play on his record. I thought that was the most wonderful thing in the world.
I got Jimmy Hall from Wet Willie and he also plays now with Hank Williams Jr.
I got tired of playing other people's songs.
I have been going to the gym instead of the bar, trying to get back down to my fighting weight.
I said, other people can write songs, let's see if I can. So the first 400 or 500 wound up on the floor somewhere. Then I wrote one called Melissa.
The Beatles had just come out, and everybody had a band. It was incredible competition out there.
The booking agent had the audacity to take 10 percent, so we wound up with about $100 a week apiece.
You got to be pretty thin to be in the movies, or it helps. I would actually love to do it.
There are as many ways to write songs as there are songs.
In my line of business, there's no better feeling than having a real nice work that you're really satisfied with.
Yeah, like, when I look back on my life, I just remember back what happened in '74, or something. It seems like only the real good stuff comes to mind. I don't think of all the tragedies and all the funerals. That just doesn't come to mind at all. I guess I'm really blessed that way.
As they say in the bible, that you're supposed to rejoice when people die and mourn when they're born, because it's one of the most painful acts you go through in life, is being born, and dying.
I left home the day after I graduated from high school because I knew we weren't going to make any dough to pay the rent in music.
I've come to the conclusion that I'm not supposed to be married.
My father was murdered when I was two. Duane, even though he was only a year and 18 days my elder, he became a father figure to me. I would have done anything for my brother - I loved him so much.
I play every show like it's my last. Fortunately, that's never turned out to be the case.
