American,Musician
Life is short and you've got to get the most out of it.
Sometimes you have to sacrifice your performance for high heels.
You know, I was chubby when I was a little girl. And I have all those issues everyone else has. But I try not to. And I've learned over the years that it's such a waste of time. And people like me whether I'm a little bit fatter or not.
I don't have a strong sense of self-worth unless I'm doing something.
I was a different person before I started to write. When I realized I could be a songwriter and that people would listen - that was when I started feeling good in my life.
I remember when I was in school, they would ask, 'What are you going to be when you grow up?' and then you'd have to draw a picture of it. I drew a picture of myself as a bride.
I'm just, like, totally normal. The fact that any of this has happened, that we're sitting here at the Beverly Hills Hotel just gets me going, like, 'What?'
Finding that balance between work and family is the hardest thing I've ever done - by far.
I like the old, vintage Hollywood look.
As a famous person you think how you're gonna end it, get away and have a normal life.
At first it was my brother's songwriting and I was just doing what everyone told me.
I don't fight with people - like, I can barely fight with my husband because I'll just start crying instead.
Being in a band you can wear whatever you want - it's like an excuse for Halloween every day.
And if I let myself down, appear on stage when I'm not looking my best, it's not fun for me. I just beat myself up about it.
My mom always said I was the peacemaker in the family. My older brother, Eric, was the leader, the creative one. I was just his puppet.
I like to make my husband like me more, and he likes it when I'm wearing makeup.
A miracle... my biggest accomplishment is my marriage so far. Because it's hard, everyone knows it's hard.
The one thing that makes me feel super lucky about my financial success is that I have a housekeeper.
My songs are basically my diaries. Some of my best songwriting has come out of time when I've been going through a personal nightmare.
I don't mean this in a stuck-up way, but I needed an attitude song.
I think I've been able to fool a lot of people because I know I'm a dork. I'm a geek.
At a certain point I'm going to want to have a family.
I imagine my children are going to save me from my vanity and be my passion and fill whatever fears I have of the amazing time I'm having right now being gone.
I was thinking that when I have children, that I should always dress as a character for them, so they think their mom is Alice in Wonderland or Cinderella. It would be totally messed up!
I would love to learn to play something so I don't have to rely on someone to collaborate with.
I'm lucky to not have a real job, to be able to express myself, be creative and be relevant.
This last year I kind of stopped working out. I think my body just needed a break. And so I did that, and focused more on feeling good as opposed to beating myself up.
I have learned to delegate.
Before, I was really passive, all I cared about was being in love with my boyfriend. I didn't have any creative power, nothing. I don't know that person any more.
I've been trying to do films for years. So I've decided to wait until the next good part comes along and develop a record on my own in the meantime.
I'm kind of lazy. I like to lie around with my husband and watch TV and stuff like that.
It takes a lot of selfish time to make music.
It feels like the more I'm out there in the public eye, the more criticism I get. You need to have confidence - that's what it takes to walk out there and sing a song in front of a huge group of people.
Out of all the artistic things I do, music is the most rewarding because it's so hard to write songs.
If I wasn't even famous or had any success, I would still wake up and put tons of make-up on, and put on a cool outfit. That's always been who I've been my whole life, so that's never gonna change. I love fashion. I love getting dressed up. I love Halloween, too.
Everything works out how it should.
You can't plan anything, right? You can try.
Being a mom is hard, I think a lot of working moms feel that way.
I got married and decided I wanted to do a dance record, and I didn't ever expect for it to be what it was or for the 'No Doubt' thing to be such a long break, but it was one of those things where you just had to sort of follow your inspiration.
I thought that I was going to be like this earth mother. When people would complain about being pregnant, I was like, 'What are you talking about? It's incredible! Just enjoy it.'
I have to be creative to be happy.
I wanted so badly to have a backup plan for when I'm not performing anymore. Let's be realistic: it's not going to be like this forever.
My mom and dad met at Anaheim High School. After they got married, all they wanted to do was have four children, and they did.
