American,Musician
I wear my personality on my sleeve, for sure, and my look is constantly changing because so am I.
I'm a human, and I'm multidimensional. If I was the perfect form of anything, I'd be boring. If I was a free spirit all the time, I would be boring; I would lack depth. If I was dark and enigmatic all the time, then I would lack relatability.
I'm not going to present myself one way all the time just because it will make me sell best.
I have to remember for every kid saying something awful, there's a kid saying something great.
People are so afraid to talk about real things, but they're experiences that everyone goes through.
I was a weirdo. I think I wanted to be liked, but I didn't have the attention or bother to actually make an effort to be. I also think I had a different perception of what I needed to do to be liked.
If I am who I am, I'm provocative, candid, and androgynous; there's nothing I can do that will make any fan think, 'I didn't expect that from her.'
So many people are concerned with being the perfect 'something.' Whether it's the perfect singer, the perfect sexy girl, or the perfect feminist. I don't want to be the perfect anything.
My mom is awesome. She's really young. My mom is 40, and she raised me listening to Nirvana and Courtney Love and Coldplay, Gin Blossoms, The Cranberries, and stuff. Like, my early, early memories are of being a little kid running around in floral skirts and Doc Martens when I was, like, three.
The environment around you shapes who you are. How you handle an emergency or how you react when someone is rude to you, that's you.
I'm open about having bipolar disorder. I'm open about being of mixed race. I'm open about being bisexual, and I have this wantingness to talk about it, and for me, it's about more than being a role model for any specific community.
I consider myself someone who takes a lot of beauty risks, and I've realized what I liar I am. I change my hair a lot, from blue to blonde to bald, but I'm trying to branch out a little more with makeup.
When I was in high school, I was a bad kid and a good student.
Please don't erase my race because I'm white-passing. There is literally nothing I can do about my complexion.
In 2016, makeup has become an incredible passion and hobby for men and women, but it hasn't become mainstream.
The hardest thing about writing my second album is that I had 20 years to write my first album.
There are conspiracy theorists who think I was crafted in a boardroom. Because I'm so very relatable and so very topical and so very Tumblr.
I think escapism is something artists write about pretty frequently - it's something everyone can relate to, the concept of wanting something more, wanting to find solace, wanting to have something better.
Being bisexual, being bipolar, being biracial - it's been used to define me, but I am desperate to be indefinable.
You can tell if there's magic in something. When you start it, you want to finish it and you want it to be perfect. If you're not inspired, and you're working hard to pull inspiration from somewhere and make a song something it's not, then it's very contrived, and I don't like to write music that's contrived.
I'm not actually even a very good singer. I'm not.
I learned how quickly I could go from having never met someone to having the world think I'm dating them.
The cool thing about my show and me is that I'm a writer, and I'm a writer first if I don't have music.
You numb yourself so you're not terrified when you're on TV at 7 o'clock in the morning with Justin Bieber, who you just met a couple of days before, having to perform in front of millions of people.
I'm used to packing up and leaving, to condensing myself into a digestible version because people don't have much time to get to know me.
I want any kid who listens to my music to see that I am confident with all elements of my personality that I can't change.
Every time I got to play a show, even if it's already sold out, I'm so scared no one's going to come.
You can expect nothing in being a musician, and you have to be just very thankful every time it goes positively for you.
The 'Room 93' EP was just kind of picking apart the sense of voyeurism and the sense of isolation and turning it into, essentially, a little black book and reflecting on - at that time - 19 years of me forming relationships with people.
I don't want to be 'Halsey: America's Sweetheart,' or 'Halsey: Bad Girl.' If you can sum up my career in a clickbait headline, I've done something wrong.
I love pop music, but at the same time, I'm seeking to write whatever I'm organically inclined to.
For me, writing about hotels is like writing about being in a parallel universe. The sense of voyeurism, and the sense of removedness, and there are all these people silently above you and next to you.
I'm learning slowly to not be as much of a control freak. I can't afford to be all the time, but I'm getting better at communicating. Delegating parts of my vision for other people to execute has made it an easier process for knowing what I want, and what people can handle, and what I should probably save for myself.
That's one thing the musicians don't remember: you don't choose your demographic - they choose you.
I feel like, if I'm going to have young, impressionable people listening to my music, then I'm going to respect that.
Every 16-year-old person has a love for pop in them because pop is popular.
'Badlands' is a very tangible record; a lot of the sounds were actual things: they were pots and pans, and they were rocks, and they were voices,and instruments used in a way to create a landscape of sound.
I love Quentin Tarantino; I love Harmony Korine, Larry Clarke.
I would love to write a screenplay for 'Badlands' one day. I don't think I could ever have the patience to do it; I don't even have the patience to write songs. I write some of the shortest songs ever because I don't have the patience.
It's really exciting to see all those people that exist in numbers online translate into tickets and then into faces, handshakes, pictures, stories.
I want to be treated like a musician.
My first album was called 'Badlands,' and it's something that I think I'm most proud of having done in my life.
Being a pop-leaning, female artist, you'd think that I'd have my record company breathing down my neck and trying to control everything I'm doing. Actually, they've just kind of let me take the wheel.
I cultivated this fan base that I really didn't really understand or appreciate until I put my first headlining tour up for sale. 500- to 1,000-capacity rooms weren't an underplay for me at the time. I'd never done a tour before!
I put so much of myself out there and make myself so accessible that sometimes I fear I make myself too accessible.
I have this first album that sells more than 100,000 copies in its first week, debuts at number two, goes gold, the single goes platinum, we're doing Madison Square Garden.
People around me like me the best when I'm depressed because I'm a bit more passive.
If I go out there and am myself, and I do what makes me comfortable and what I think is true to my artistry, and they don't like it, then that's fine. I walk off stage, and I know there's nothing there's nothing I could have done differently.
Whether it's writing songs, being on stage, being interviewed, meeting fans - I just try to be myself, which is kind of exhausting because it almost feels like it never shuts off.
I was doing some YouTube covers, and I had a decently popular blog on Tumblr.
I had a crazy life for a teenager. I lived in New Jersey, but I'd go to Vermont for three weeks, join a commune, take pictures with the guy I was dating, come back home, and post photos.
My mom has every issue of 'Billboard' I've ever been in.
I'm a fixer, unfortunately. I'm like, 'Oh, I can fix you.' But it's not just guys I'm dating anymore. It's this entire legion of young girls who tell me they need me to maintain any sort of sanity or peace.
I was obsessed with learning about social behaviors. I remember explaining to my mom that kids on my soccer team were fighting because of dyads and triads.
You don't know fear until it's 7 A.M. and freezing cold on live television, and you're not sure if Justin Bieber is going to kiss you or not.
I love Kanye West. I think he's a visionary. He's one of those people for whom I separate his personality from his artistry.
I was a fan of One Direction when I was 16, but I was also a fan of Bring Me The Horizon and hardcore bands.
I used to work at a punk venue in Pennsylvania because I wanted to be near music.
I put 'Ghost' online hoping to make a couple hundred bucks, but then the next day, I took meetings with five different record companies.
To be fair, I did come out of nowhere. 'Ghost' was the first song I ever did in a studio, my first time ever cutting a professional vocal.
I like writing about places, about people and environments. When I create a world, it lets me go in and define the details of that world.
I made up 'Badlands'; anything I say, goes. I came to realize I was materializing a metaphor for my mental state.
In a city, there's more room to be, where in a small town, you have to squish yourself down a little bit. And it's exciting for me to be pursuing a career where I don't have to be small.
I was always running off to the city, whether it was Philly or New York, going somewhere where there was something more for me.
Growing up in the suburbs, I used to listen to punk rock, Brand New, Taking Back Sunday. And no one from my high school listened to it.
