American,Musician
I love my wife and I know she loves me. We're best friends. We're just lucky to have found each other. It takes a lot of work but I just feel very blessed that I found the right person. It's a very fortunate situation and not everyone has that.
There are more than 300,000 families in the Gulf region that lost their homes and are waiting for peace of mind. The hurricane exposed the sad reality of poverty in America. We saw, in all its horrific detail, the vulnerabilities of living in inadequate housing and the heartbreak of losing one's home.
I do the things I like to do. It's sort of a bigger version of having more than one hobby.
Safety's just danger, out of place.
It is really rare to find someone you really, really love and that you want to spend your life with and all that stuff that goes along with being married. I am one of those lucky people. And I think she feels that way too. So the romantic stuff is easy because you want them to be happy.
Everything I do is part of my passion. I do the things I like to do. It's sort of a bigger version of having more than one hobby. I love to play piano, sing, and act. I love to do all those things.
My Dad is my hero.
Marriage has made me a lot happier and I'm deeply in love with my wife, and I thank God for her every day.
Everything I do is part of my passion.
My life is spontaneous and things just kind of happen.
All the satisfaction I need... comes when I step out onstage and see the people. That's awesome. I love that.
My dad was the district attorney of New Orleans for about 30 years. And when he opened his campaign headquarters back in the early '70s, when I was 5 years old, my mother wanted me to play the national anthem. And they got an upright piano on the back of a flatbed truck and I played it.
I say sorry to my wife about five times a day for various reasons.
We have been working with Habitat for Humanity and we have built eighty homes, 80% of which are being lived in by New Orleans' musicians. It is called the Musicians' Village and at the center is the Ellis Marsalis Center for Music.
The whole 'American Idol' way of looking at things is the antithesis of what I grew up with. There are a whole lot of kids wanting to be famous now, whereas if I'd even mentioned that word to one of my teachers, I would have got into a whole load of trouble.
I'm really boring, man. Like, I'm really dull. And I think people may think that I have this glamorous, fun lifestyle, but it's pretty dull. But that's what I like.
Golf is good, it means I get some fresh air and exercise, take my mind off work and see some of the landscape of the place I'm visiting.
The two are unrelated. I'm not into turtles or space stuff.
I've been all over the world. I love New York, I love Paris, San Francisco, so many places. But there's no place like New Orleans. It's got the best food. It's got the best music. It's got the best people. It's got the most fun stuff to do.
Everything that I have professionally, and so much of what I have personally, is because of this great, fair city, and to see it being drowned like this is almost unbearable.
If your record doesn't sell that well, man, who cares? All the satisfaction I need... comes when I step out onstage and see the people. That's awesome. I love that.
I've learned that people latch onto labels and stereotypes. There was a period when I was asked in every single interview how I liked being the new Frank Sinatra... I think people will soon realize that I do a lot more than interpret old songs.
You have to read scripts and audition and develop relationships. It takes a long time to develop a body of work but over the last 25 years I guess I've done that many movies. In hindsight it may seem effortless, but there's a lot of work that goes into it.
I was raised in the environment where it really wasn't about sittin' around dreaming all the time, it was about practicing and workin' really hard and if a dream ever came to you, you'd be prepared for that opportunity.
We would like to get to a point in our society where people really are colorblind and this message would not have to be told anymore. Unfortunately, we're not there yet.
A lot of the music that you listen to now is because of the things that the Meters did, the Neville Brothers did, and they're there, the guys who invented those beats that the guys sample today. Such an enormous opportunity.
I'm having a lot of fun, enjoying my life and trying to raise my children.
I'm able to sometimes express things even more articulately on the piano than I am with singing.
I couldn't have been luckier with my parents.
Singers, like Frank Sinatra and myself, we interpret the songs that we like. Not unlike a Shakespearean actor that goes back to the greatest words ever written, we go back to the greatest songs and bring about my interpretation of them.
It is jazz music that called me to be a musician and I have always sang the songs that moved me the most.
My dad and mom believed that you do what you have to do in private and don't make a big deal out of it. Just try to help people as much as you can.
I think a dad has to make his daughter feel that he's genuinely interested in what she's going through.
I mean these people who work on Broadway, in my opinion, are the most gifted of everyone. I mean they really know how to dance. They really know how to act. They really know how to sing. They know how to perform.
I guess play piano, you know, because that's the thing I started doing when I was a little kid.
Well, my dad was the district attorney of New Orleans for about 30 years.
Well, my mother, I knew until I was 13. She died when I was 13.
There's some things I can't write about, just terrible personal tragedies.
I'm sure that there are reasonable people that had some reasonable projections about the future of New Orleans, but none of those could include not trying to rebuild the city and make it better than it was before.
Well, I'm an optimist.
I'd like to move back to New Orleans.
There are people who can't stand me, they say, 'God, he makes me sick', or, 'He's creepy', but it doesn't affect me too badly.
I've spent hours playing video games.
You know, I feel as comfortable in an uncomfortable situation as I do when things are going smoothly.
You can't have a perfect show every time.
I just liked the feeling of being on stage.
I had tons of friends, played ball with my friends on the street, and did the normal things.
Not everybody gets to record with an orchestra, and not everybody that gets to record with an orchestra gets to write all their own stuff.
I don't ever feel the need to escape.
You hear about these guys having midlife crises - I don't see that happening to me.
I like my life.
I don't want to say the same lines every night.
It is really rare to find someone you really, really love and that you want to spend your life with and all that stuff that goes along with being married.
I have worked with Habitat for Humanity for awhile.
I have done songs here and there. But I have never scored a film. That is something I would like to do at some point.
I have those dreams that you can't put into words.
I'm not a big goal guy.
I only tour in short bursts, I'm only ever away from my family and three daughters for a month or two.
I get terrible reviews everywhere I go.
I don't really find girls to be any more dramatic or delicate than boys; I've known plenty of little boys who've had miserable breakdowns over things... in fact, I was one of them!
I've raised my girls in a sort of genderless fashion. I mean, I'll take them to get their nails done - I actually love doing that - but I also play ball with them. As a result, my girls are tough and athletic and game for everything.
I never dated much.
