American,Musician
Something I like to do a lot is just sit by water when there's a current and just stare into the water. I don't fish, I don't hunt, I don't scuba, I don't spear, don't boat, don't play basketball or football - I excel at staring into space. I'm really good at that.
I like music that's more offensive. I like it to sound like nails on a blackboard, get me wild.
Stages are getting higher and higher, and I'm getting older and older.
She looked at me penetratingly. So I suppose you can figure out what happened next.
Well, I don't use the toilet much to pee in. I almost always pee in the yard or the garden, because I like to pee on my estate.
Nobody understands me, I'm really sensitive.
Second only to the sea, the Miami sky has been the greatest comfort in my life past 50. On a good day, when the wind blows from the south, the light here is diffuse and forgiving.
What some people would call antics, I would just call a good show.
I never believed that U2 wanted to save the whales. I don't believe that The Beastie Boys are ready to lay it down for Tibet.
Look, you're here to see me, and I can't go on until my dealer is here, and he's waiting to be paid, so give me some money so I can fix up, and then you'll get your show.
Well, the stuff that has become more commercial doesn't have any edge.
My mom was a saint. She taught me to be terminally nice.
I find it hard to focus looking forward. So I look backward.
I'm a travel enthusiast.
Musical types tend to combine the burden of the author with the burden of the actor.
I became Iggy because I had a sadistic boss at a record store. I'd been in a band called the Iguanas. And when this boss wanted to embarrass and demean me, he'd say, 'Iggy, get me a coffee, light.'
I was who I was in high school in accordance with the rules of conduct for a normal person, like obeying your mom and dad. Then I got out of high school and moved out of the house, and I just started, for lack of a better term, running free.
Basically, I'm a musical vocalist, but I do voiceover stuff as a sideline, like plumbing or something.
Miami is nothing like me, and that's why I need to be here - it's the opposite. I'm practical, where this place is moody, I'm stolid in my interior, where this place has a certain flair, and I'm materialistic in a sense that this place is fundamentally spiritual - there's a quicksilver quality about this place.
The most successful stuff is sold to you as indispensable social information. The message in the music is, 'We are terribly, terribly slick and suave, and if you listen to us, you can probably get a leg up in society, too.'
What did Christ really do? He hung out with hard-drinking fishermen.
I stare at myself in the mirror and I think, 'Wow, I'm really great-looking.'... I think I'm the greatest, anyway.
A lot of young musicians get the money at the wrong time. They get it for something they don't feel great about, and it'll make you feel so bad it'll destroy you and kill you.
'Punk rock' is a word used by dilettantes and heartless manipulators about music that takes up the energies, the bodies, the hearts, the souls, the time and the minds of young men who give everything they have to it.
It's more fun to look at an old picture of me than it is to look at a new one sometimes. Although, I still wear a dress pretty well.
I have a hot memory, but I know I've forgotten many things, too, just squashed things in favor of survival.
