American,Musician
My advice would be to follow your dream. Most of my life, I was in second place before I came in first place. I hope that inspired people to never give up.
I still have my school friends who are actually friends. It's nice that they don't think much about my singing career. They think it is cool, and they are happy for me, but they don't really bother me about it. To them, I'm still just the schoolgirl from next door.
I just sing. But I have a fun hobby: I love to do archery. I'm pretty good on target. I'm not sure about the distances - maybe only 7 or 10 feet, so far, but I've scored the bull's eye several times, but usually always hit the target.
It's always exciting to see different cities I love, and go on tour buses. It's so much fun to travel. My favorite part is being able to perform live in front of all these amazing people; being able to connect with them and seeing their reaction makes me feel very special.
I just wanted to say hi to Pittsburgh as well because I miss it.
I would like to sing for the Pope. And the Queen, and at Simon Cowell's wedding.
It's good to kind of get away from the star treatment.
I warm up with my mom and make sure I understand what the songs are about and make sure I'm using the right technique. To be honest with you, I really don't practice a lot... Usually, I say a prayer and ask the Lord to sing with me and help me and stand on the stage with me.
I like 'Sponge Bob' and 'The Last Airbender.' I like shows where people get creative to do the impossible.
Um, well, I made a new CD called 'Dream With Me' and it's out now, and I'm really excited about it.
I know that I'm definitely not a big big snob, and I know that at the times that I am a diva I know I'm being a diva. It's kind of annoying to know that you are. Because it's a person I do not want to be. So I'm trying my best not to become a jerk.
Singing is my main goal, and I think philosophy will help me write songs.
I have always despised people who thought they were better than others, and I made a promise to myself that I'd never turn into that kind of person. My family also helps to keep me grounded. Whenever I get a 'diva moment,' as they like to call it, they let me know it and say, 'Stop acting like a diva!' They're pretty good at it, too.
The music kind of possesses me when I sing. So whenever I start to sing on a show - I mean, first, I'm nervous, and then when I get into it, it's just like I feel like I'm the person who sang the song first.
Whenever I'm waiting behind the stage, it's kind of like my normal Jackie mode is me talking a lot, playing around, but superstar Jackie mode is me concentrating on making sure that this performance was going to be a great performance.
I'm just concerned that if I get older, people aren't going to enjoy me as much as when I was younger, because I had a great voice for a little girl, but I mean, my voice can't get any bigger when I'm older.
I miss my friends in public school, but it's kind of a part of something that you have to give up. I'd rather perform than go to public school.
Acting and singing are actually very similar because they're both telling a story.
I look up to Andrea Boccelli and Sarah Brightman. The best part about 'America's Got Talent' was performing with her!
I don't think I'll ever want to do pop music. I think I'll only ever want to do classical crossover because it's something that I love, and pop just doesn't work for me.
I write about heartbreak because I like writing about sad things, but I'm writing happy songs, too!
I like listening to Beyonce, and I like Jason Derulo. I love his new song 'Don't Wanna Go Home.'
When I'm at home, I want to be a normal person. I don't want to hear, 'Can I have your autograph?'
I normally wear Stuart Weitzman or Kors Michael Kors.
My parents are OK with me wearing a small heel, up to 1.5 inches high. Heels give me height when I wear such long dresses. For me, they complete the outfit.
I love to shop at Macy's. It has a huge Guess section and lots of Jessica Simpson stuff.
