American,Musician
Sometimes I think we live in a world where, even when things are good, people always feel unsatisfied with wherever they are, so I think first I just want to enjoy being happy where I am now and not let my ambition take away from being in the moment.
I'm a Fritos Burrito guy. Me and Taco Bell have a love relationship on Twitter; they follow me. Out of 16 people they follow me, so I'm very loyal to my girlfriend, Taco Bell.
I actually like spending time alone - it doesn't bother me at all.
My cat Isabella, she doesn't get along with anyone else. She's kind of like me: like, very anti-social and fierce. So we speak to each other on a spiritual level, and we cuddle every night. So it's pretty serious.
I'm afraid of the dark because I picture things; I see things. I'm a freak. I see, like, little demons coming out of the floor and other little things running around. It's scary.
I stay up late; I'm like a vampire. I stay up until, like, 6 A.M. and then sleep till 4 P.M. I lay in bed till it's dark, and then I come alive in the night.
I appreciate a lot of singer-songwriters that the normal person doesn't, but I feel like everyone thoroughly enjoys an Ed Sheeran show.
I love pop music, but I feel like the genre is overpopulated - there was so much bubblegum for a while, but I feel like Sam Smith and Ed Sheeran are bringing good, real music back to the radio.
Every song is personal, but 'Ohio,' on my first EP, was on another level. I really opened up about the lack of relationship I had with my father. We stopped talking about four years ago, and I haven't had a father figure in my life since.
I started homeschooling when I was 13. I wasn't really doing the social media thing yet; I didn't have any fans, but I knew that public school wasn't the place for me. It was draining my creativity, and so both my parents supported me in being homeschooled, and they really gave me a chance to focus on getting good at guitar.
I never really wanted to be a singer, because I was a super-shy kid. Singing made me feel awkward, and I was really insecure.
On a good day, I usually tweet 50 to 100 times.
I think a lot of people think it's easy to just post stuff. They think it's the easy way to fame nowadays, but it's been hard. You have to film the video, which takes forever because I'm super picky about all my takes and stuff. Then you have to edit it and upload it, and doing that three times a week is very, very difficult.
I feel like that's so important, to enjoy my own music. Because if I'm not passionate about my music, then it's going to show to the fans.
I'm still finding myself as an artist. I'm still experimenting a little bit.
I wrote 'Ohio,' and it was really awesome to be able to share that with my fans because a lot of them can relate to not having a parent in their life. It's really one of my favourite songs to sing live.
Playing in those bars where people really don't care about your music really gives you an appreciation for when you get to a concert, and people are singing your original music - it's been a great journey, but I definitely didn't have an interest in music as a kid until I was a teenager.
My mum is the funniest and sweetest person I know; my sister's like my best friend, so it's great having them around.
I have an amazing crew, so it makes life so much easier. It's fun being around a bunch of my BFFs on the road.
You put Drake on anything, and it's money.
I will write a verse or a story and bring it into a songwriting session, because that's what's big in Nashville - the collaborative part of songwriting.
I started playing guitar when I was 14 and eventually gained the confidence to start singing a little bit.
I ended up having my first girlfriend when I was 13, and she was obsessed with Justin Bieber. I remember watching the 'Baby' music video and being so jealous of him. So I posted a cover of 'One Time' on YouTube, and she loved it.
I played at different restaurants with my dad for a good year before I started doing anything on social media. I wanted to hone my craft before I put anything out there.
My fans go crazy over jaw clenches. They also love hand veins... they're infatuated with hands in general.
Every day, I'm working hard to improve my craft as an artist, my connection with the best fans, and keep pushing my work ethic. All those things make me happy.
