American,Musician
Being on a boat that's moving through the water, it's so clear. Everything falls into place in terms of what's important and what's not.
I believe musicians have a duty, a responsibility to reach out, to share your love or pain with others.
I collect hats. That's what you do when you're bald.
Music is like a huge release of tension.
The secret of life is enjoying the passage of time.
Things started to get out of control when I began reading that I was a superstar.
I don't get into heavy political numbers because I don't find them lyrical.
I sometimes wonder how many of these lifetime achievement awards you can accept before you have to do the decent thing and die.
I believe 100 percent in the power and importance of music.
When you write a song, it may come from a personal space, but it very seldom actually represents you. It comes out of a sort of mood of melancholy, somehow. It's almost theatrical.
A concert is always like a feast day to me.
I don't play the kind of music that works in a football stadium.
To me, very much of what is artistic is people's very creative and inventive ways out of impossible situations.
People should watch out for three things: avoid a major addiction, don't get so deeply into debt that it controls your life, and don't start a family before you're ready to settle down.
I'm trying to look at my blessings and how amazingly well against all odds things have turned out for me.
I have a love-hate relationship with the Grammys because I don't see the music world as a competitive sport.
I think people are isolated because of the nature of human consciousness, and they like it when they feel the connection between themselves and someone else.
You have to choose whether to love yourself or not.
I don't reinvent myself in any major way. It seems to be a slow evolution. I go back and visit certain themes that I feel strongly about and resonate with me emotionally.
The Beatles were a phenomenon, but they were also ordinary blokes like anyone else. I was lucky enough to see that side.
That's the motivation of an artist - to seek attention of some kind.
I find it a lot healthier for me to be someplace where I can go outside in my bare feet.
Time will take your money, but money won't buy time.
Americans work a long away ahead of themselves because of the size of the place. To make any impact at all you have to promote yourself with live performances ages before a release.
Certain things in life are more important than the usual crap that everyone strives for.
Fortunately, it doesn't seem to have made a lot of difference to my audience that I'm as bald as a billiard ball!
If I were to try to identify a turning point I'd say that was it - getting clean.
Photographers and reporters are mostly after me. They want to know what I read and what I'm like and I don't really know myself, so how can I tell them?
Music is my living. I enjoy selling my music.
I tend to write out the first iteration of a lyric here and then go over here and make variations on it, on the page opposite.
I played the cello from when I was ten, and then I bought a guitar from the father of some friends of mine and played that for a while. And then when I was fourteen or so, I bought a guitar - a real nice one - in Durham, North Carolina, that I worked with up until I was about twenty-five.
I think it surprises a lot of people that I'm still around, you know, still - that I'm not pushing up daisies, as they say.
Songwriting is too mysterious and uncontrolled a process for me to direct it towards any one thing.
Though 'Fire and Rain' is very personal, for other people it resonates as a sort of commonly held experience... And that's what happens with me. I write things for personal reasons, and then in some cases it... can be a shared experience.
Ireland, Italy and Brazil are the most musical places for me. They're extremely musical cultures and anything you pitch they basically catch.
It's a real wrenching thing to go from being a private person to being a public person, especially when you're being autobiographical. But it's what everyone wants - to get everyone's attention, to have your music make a living for you, to be validated in that way.
I know there are people who don't like their audience or like the experience of being recognized or celebrated, but my audience has been very good - they don't bother me and when they do contact me it's usually on the nicest possible terms.
I'm glad that I still have the ability to tour in Europe. I do love it.
Performing is a profound experience, at least for me. It's not as if I sit down and play 'Fire and Rain' by myself, just to hear it again. But to offer it up... the energy that it somehow summons live takes me right back, and I do get a reconnection to the emotions.
I'm looking forward to being able to retire from being a public figure and being able to afford to be myself!
Performing is a profound experience, at least for me.
People have used my songs and guitar style to teach guitar for a long time.
I'm glad about what's happening to the music business. This last crop of people we had in the 90s, who are going away now, they didn't like music. They didn't trust musicians. They wanted something else from it.
What I've always done as an entertainer is try to come up with things that people will find interesting, or compelling, or humorous.
Television news is now entertainment, and the stories are being written by the people that have a special interest in them.
I was a huge Beatles fan. We could talk about who I listened to growing up and what my sources were, but certainly the Beatles were a late, important resource for me, and I just took my guitar and a handful of songs, and I decided, well, I'll just go over and travel around Europe and see what comes of it.
I think that American music, for me, it's a synthesis of a lot of different things. But for me growing up in North Carolina, the stuff that I was listening to, the things that I was hearing, it was all about black music, about soul music.
I don't read music. I don't write or read music.
I had a very moral upbringing, and spiritual in a sort of not very specific way.
The best thing is when you hear somebody take your song and make something great of it.
Bruce Springsteen's a rock star. Elton John is a rock star. I'm a folk musician. Honestly, I think that's true.
I enjoy selling my music. I don't enjoy selling myself.
I have a studio in a barn at home - we rehearse there, we film there and we record there. It's fun to hang out with my guys and see what comes out next.
It's a real wrenching thing to go from being a private person to being a public person, especially when you're being autobiographical.
One of my earliest memories was me singing 'Oh, What A Beautiful Mornin' at the top of my voice when I was seven. I got totally carried away. My grandmother, Sarah, was in the next room. I didn't even realise she was there. I was terribly embarrassed.
