British,Musician
I'm still like an excited kid playing guitar in front of the bedroom mirror.
I do some solo, acoustic stuff, but I also like plugging in my electric guitar and playing loud with a band.
Growing up, when I was at live shows, I was always hoping someone would come out on stage and say, 'The guitarist is sick and couldn't make it... does anybody know how to play all the songs?' That was always my little dream. It was a massively inspiring thing to be in a space with live shows.
I'm very close in age to my older brother, and we had a field at the end of the road where we could run around, climb trees, play football.
I write about personal experiences. I write about things that have happened to me and the people around me, so you just sort of keep this antenna up and on the lookout for things to say.
Being exhausted is all part of the fun. I'm cool with it. I'm not going to wish that it would slow down.
How I set myself apart is by creating the sort of real and honest music, which is who I'm also trying to be.
When I'm writing, I need to amplify my thoughts and feelings on just a conversation that I might have had with somebody - somebody close to me. It's often the case that the people closest to me are the people on my mind the most.
The Internet is the Wild West of the world, where anybody can throw anything down. Everything can be as relevant as the next thing; it doesn't matter who posts it. In that environment, the Critics' Choice is still very important.
I'm going to take each day and each thing and each gig as it comes at me.
Some of my songs are about the feeling you belong somewhere else. But there's also something grounding about coming from a small town.
I loved pop music as a little kid. Things like the Black Eyed Peas. If it had a catchy chorus, I was into it.
Growing up in Hitchin was comfortable and easy enough. My parents had some great records - and some not-so-great ones - and that's where I got introduced to Motown and the Stones and Springsteen.
There was a guitar that my uncle owned and never learnt to play. He sold it to my dad, and when I heard 'Layla', that was the tune that really grabbed me. I said to my dad, 'Wait, there's a guitar, right?'
I spent two years playing open mic nights in Brighton, and I heard more and more people saying, 'You should give it a go in London.'
When I was 15, if anything, I thought I was going to be a Delta bluesman, which is so ridiculous.
I love the intimate, single spotlight, troubadour-y quiet, delicate moments. But I also love Springsteen and screaming and shouting.
I bought a guitar CD-ROM because we had a new computer, but I had no attention span for that. I spent about three hours on it desperate to be brilliant. Eventually, I got some proper lessons.
Up until the last minute, it was art and drawing for me. That was the first real and natural thing I thought I was good at and loved to do. But I developed a similar kind of love for music.
Both Springsteen and Michael Jackson, who had these huge productions, could always scale them back down to just a song and a melody. All of that influences me. I also try to be a fictional writer, and sometimes I get close, but the things that resonate the most with me - and with everyone else - is what's real.
My family quite innocently don't understand the ins and outs of it all, but they see things like the Burberry show and the Live Lounge, so they understand the gravity of those things, but they're proud - it's cool.
When I was 16, I spent a year pushing trollies around a car park, and that wasn't fun. I didn't love working in a supermarket; it wasn't for me. It is for some people, and that's totally cool.
To drive though the streets of Manhattan to sign a record deal was like a movie. It was crazy - pretty hard to put into words.
I hope to have a long career, and I don't want to be defined by things that aren't the music.
There should be an element of mystique between the fans and the artist. That bit between the stage and the audience. I think that's necessary.
I used to dress up like Michael Jackson. I didn't have the glove, but I had a red jacket like in 'Thriller.'
