American,Musician
Just like the poles of a magnet, some people are drawn to death and others are repulsed by it, but we all have to deal with it.
I like a women who's got some balls, some strength. As long as I can beat her at arm wrestling, that's fine.
Sleep my friend, and you will see that dream is my reality.
It's all fun and games 'till someone loses an eye, then it's just fun you can't see.
If I hadn't had music in my life, it's quite possible I'd be dead and I'd much rather be alive.
I choose to live, not just exist.
I'm on this eternal quest to get the best guitar sound in the world, but my vision of what is 'the best' changes every time I go into the studio. Sometimes my goal is to make my guitar jump out, and sometimes I want it to lay back.
I'd rather regret doing something than not doing something.
I was pretty quiet as a child.
Rap is just to me very annoying.
There is something powerful in Metallica, a will, a drive.
Nothing's really a prized possession except my family, you know?
I'm married to Metallica.
Dying, dying, someone told me just recently, dying is easy. Living is hard. for everyone.
A lot of modern amps and preamps sound great when you're jamming by yourself, but don't hold up in a band situation. The sound isn't dense enough, and the lows and highs tend to get soaked up by the bass and cymbals.
We do this basically for ourselves. People appreciate it, which is cool, but I think they appreciate that we're doing it for ourselves. We're doing it our way, and how people like it is not up to us. We like it.
I'm always feeling like I don't belong, no matter where I am. So I'm just searching for a family nonstop, and sometimes I find it in the mosh pit, sometimes I find it when I'm doing some French TV show with the president's wife.
Metallica is a wonderful key to have on my key ring. I can go anywhere - it's great.
I'd like to have a beer-holder on my guitar like they have on boats.
Authority pisses me off. I think everyone should be able to drink and get loud whenever they want.
I wanted to make noise, not study theory.
There is one Metallica. We have many styles, it's called Metallica.
I like playing music because it's a good living and I get satisfaction from it. But I can't feed my family with satisfaction.
As far as artists and musicians, they don't retire. They might tour less.
I'd much rather talk about guitar playing. I hate it when people ask me about my lyrics. I always feel like telling them to just go and read them.
Most of my guitars have been instruments that look cool. I'm not picky. I never think, 'Oh, this neck isn't made of ebony,' or, 'These strings don't feel correct.' It doesn't matter too much.
