American,Musician
Every body type is different - that's what makes you unique. What makes you special is you, and you are different from the next person.
Competition is great. And as long as it's friendly and not a malicious thing, then I think it's cool.
In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you.
By age seven, I used to comb my hair for performances, just pull my hair up into a bun. Granted, it wasn't a very intricate hairstyle. Still, to be that responsible and disciplined at age seven is unusual.
A lot of people who start work at a very young age never grow up because they never got that opportunity to be a child, so they hold on to that and still do a lot of childish, silly things.
Being on 'Good Times' was the first time I was around a group of people that wasn't my family.
In 1977, at age ten, I was cast on the TV sitcom 'Good Times.' My character was Penny, an abused child in desperate need of love. I really didn't want to do the show. I didn't want to be away from my family.
People can have rhinoceros skin, but there's a point when something's going to hurt you.
I've always been a tomboy. I've always liked to wear red, black, and white, and mostly pants.
I am the baby in the family, and I always will be. I am actually very happy to have that position. But I still get teased. I don't mind that.
To have someone to relate to and hopefully enjoy the music and get a positive message out of it, to make the best music that we possibly could, those were the goals.
I can be an emotional eater.
I feel everyone is put here for a reason. Everyone has a calling. I always thought my real calling was to help other people.
No word is absolutely wrong or dirty or insulting. It all depends upon context and intention.
I'm no expert. I have no psychic powers, and I sure don't possess any secret wisdom. I'm just Janet. I have strengths, weaknesses, fears, happiness, sadness. I experience joy and I experience pain. I'm highly emotional. I'm very vulnerable.
I kinda see everyone as competition. I'm a very competitive person. But I think that's good. Competition is great. And as long as it's friendly and not a malicious thing, then I think it's cool.
I believe in a higher power. I believe in inspiration.
As a child, I had to get up early for school or work. I'd get ready by myself. I'd set my alarm to wake me up very early in the morning, and be off to work, the family driver driving me every morning. I did it alone, my parents never coming in to wake me up.
People do see me as sweet and innocent. Not to say that I am not those things. But I have other sides to me.
We're all driven to premieres or nightclubs and seen the rope separating those who can enter and those who can't. Well, there's also a velvet rope we have inside of us, keeping others from knowing our feelings.
Big sisters and brothers... I am telling you, it never changes.
If I wasn't singing, I'd probably be, probably an accountant.
I wanted to be on my own and get out of the house. We were the kind of kids that - we - obeyed our parents. If they said no, you don't ask why.
That's always - that's been another dream of mine, to do a Broadway play. An award winning Broadway play.
You can tell someone who doesn't have love in their life, then someone who is in love.
All those songs reflect all the people that live within me.
I'm a very competitive person. But I think that's good.
I have no clue why, but maybe sometimes when there's someone you don't hear from, it's the person you want to hear from the most.
My brothers were gone on tour a lot, and I would miss them so much.
I really don't know anything else because my brothers were famous when I was two years old. So I know nothing else, no other life.
There is a moment when you get older when your metabolism slows down and you don't feel like working out any more, so you don't want to keep yourself fit any more, but that's your decision. Why should you be judged for it?
It's really about being pleased with yourself.
I like myself a lot more than I used to. I had a very difficult time in my twenties especially. It was hard for me to look in the mirror and find something that I liked about myself.
I'm a true believer in prayer, a big believer in prayer.
I have a very strong family.
There are people that regardless of what it is, if it's something that's stressful, whatever it may be, they don't eat, they lose a lot of weight, a divorce, they get real thin. I'm the opposite.
I'm fine the way I am. There's nothing wrong with me.
I don't have a lot of friends.
I'm happy with the people that I have around me. And they've been friends of mine since I was young, for a very long time.
I always get bored with my hair. That's why I would always change it throughout my career.
Food has always brought me comfort and the bingeing is triggered when I'm in a space that is not positive.
When I'm feeling down on myself or not feeling good about who I am, or maybe something happened and I'm feeling depressed, I eat to fill that void. Afterwards I'll beat myself up about it. I regret doing it, but I'll turn around and do it again.
I've never been one for keeping a journal, so my songs were my journals. They allowed me to express my feelings and let people know what was going on with me. I knew that somebody would relate.
Recording is more autobiographical than acting. It's me - either how I'm feeling then or once felt at some point in my life. It's all me.
When I was younger, I thought you had to be in control of your own life. That takes a lot of discipline, hard work and focus. You just can't let it all fall by the wayside. Later on, I learned that God is really in control of everything. But you still have to put your best foot forward and be the best you can possibly be.
I was very independent growing up, but there were things that were bothering me that I never told anybody. I would talk to our animals at home.
I was never pushed into the religion by my mother or anyone else. I made up my own mind when I was old enough. I am not a religious person, but I am spiritual.
I'd adopt. And I think that if I'm really supposed to have kids, it will happen, if that's God's plan for me.
I would hope my legacy would be bringing smiles to faces. Happiness with my music.
I always write my music based on what is going on in my life at the time.
I like to collaborate on my music. The creative process is fun, and you get a lot of ideas from having discussions about it. Ultimately, the final decision is mine.
There are artists, true performers that have come before me who have been a big inspiration to me. I hope I do the same for others.
I'm flattered that other artists consider me a role model.
I do think kids should be kids. You have the rest of your life to be an adult.
My parents are very competitive, so we are very competitive as kids. But it's a good kind of competition; it's not a jealousy. You always want to do your best, and if it can't be you, you want it to be your brother or your sister, you know what I mean?
I think people really connect with the idea of someone who's gained and lost weight in this very public way, and also someone who's an emotional eater.
When I gained weight in 2005, my nutritionist was very worried. I was close to having diabetes.
I don't like to work out, and I get bored easily.
When I'm getting ready for a tour, I'll work out with the dancers.
I was two when we left Indiana, and I don't really remember it that well.
I was a very quiet kid. A really sweet kid, I might add.
When we were growing up, all of us kids were vegetarians. No one had asked me to stop eating meat - I just noticed everyone else around me had stopped, so I followed the crew.
People tend to put entertainers on pedestals. We're human beings, just like you. You may see us smiling, and whether we have money or not, we still have bills to pay, we still have our stresses. I think a lot of people want to focus on others' shortcomings to make themselves feel better. And it's a very sad thing.
I get so much energy from the fans.
Acting was always my first passion.
Control meant not only taking care of myself but living in a much less protected world. And doing that meant growing a tough skin.
My concepts are never bright ideas; they're never notions I think will sell or be trendy or attract new fans. I don't think that way. All I can do is sing from my life.
Some of my battles with weight have been very public. But most of them have been internal. Even at my thinnest, when my body was being praised, I wasn't happy with what I saw in the mirror or how I felt about myself.
It has taken me most of my adult life to come to terms with who I am. To do that, I had to break free of attitudes that brought me down.
