American,Musician
My competition keeps me driven. My family and son and being home in Chicago keeps me humble, and my fans. They're the reason why I'm going hard and making sure everyone knows how to say my name.
What I can offer the game is creating a sound that, when you hear it, you know it's mine.
I'm curious to know how many newborn babies will be named Jeremih after my second album.
Everyone always wants to say I'm shy. I don't think so, but there's a disconnect with my fans. I want my fans to see me - that's what they never do.
I got my first set of drums when I was around 3. I went from band to marching band to Latin jazz band - it's like riding a bike.
It took me five years to realize what I could do with my voice. No Auto-Tune - cut all that off.
'Down on Me' can't showcase my true talent. 'Birthday Sex' was robotic. When I perform it, I can't give you this church feeling I know I can give.
I want to show people all of me, because that's what I haven't been doing. To be able to play so many instruments, and no one's ever seen me play, it seems like someone who's bluffing.
R. Kelly is one of the pioneers that I grew up listening to. If he's classified as an R&B artist, then I want to be like that. I don't want to have limits either.
If it came down to it, I wish people heard different records from me that I know give you a soul R&B sound of music that I know is really my gift, gift. But the ones that usually go are the records that radio, the fans and the clubs really love the most.
I was raised on the Southside of Chicago, and my whole family was musically-inclined.
I grew up in a household in which they'd always play old skool classic R&B love songs - Al Green, Sam Cooke, Marvin Gaye... And my mom has even said that, when I was in her womb, she'd put the headphones to her stomach and play those songs to me!
When I look for a woman, I look for one that's real - that's keeping it 100. I rather someone know that they're sexy and not show it.
Nothing against Nicki Minaj - I think she's a dope lyricist, and her body is perfect, along with a dope personality. But I'm more into a woman who's not so much into the spotlight.
