American,Musician
All I have to say is: Jessica Simpson is the most beautiful woman on the planet!
There's nothing worse than being disappointed in somebody.
A marriage doesn't have to be perfect, but you can be perfect for each other.
To be honest, bread constipates me, and I like to have my daily bowel movement.
I'm a naughty sweetheart.
People always say that pregnant women have a glow. And I say it's because you're sweating to death.
Is this chicken, what I have, or is this fish? I know it's tuna, but it says 'Chicken of the Sea.'
I think there's a difference between ditzy and dumb. Dumb is just not knowing. Ditzy is having the courage to ask!
Life is definitely always about expanding. That's how we grow.
I try not to read blogs. The comments are extremely harsh.
It really is about the heart of a woman that makes her beautiful.
It's not fair that women look in the mirror and feel disgust because of what society has made them believe.
I have a flirtatious personality.
My style icon really for my whole life has been my mother.
My family is my life, and I'll never lose that.
I'm see-through. And I'm the worst liar of all time.
I really don't look at myself as just one thing. I'm kind of scattered and like to have my hands in a lot of different projects. It makes me who I am.
I'm big-busted... I can't always wear the cutest bras, and it makes me so mad.
At school my boobs were bigger than all my friends' and I was afraid to show them. Now, I feel they make my outfits look better. They're like an accessory.
I don't ever really feel that wearing my wedding ring is what determines me being married or not.
Motherhood is a dream. It really is absolutely amazing.
I think that freshness and that innocence is something that is missing from a lot of female singers. I'm certainly not denying that I'm young, but I'm not fluff.
I love to be comfortable, but I also love to play up the glamour.
The great thing about Dallas is there's no paparazzi.
I think it's ironic that I fell in love with a man I thought I would never be interested in because he's an athlete. I was always, 'An athlete? Heck no.'
Is that weird, taking my Louis Vuitton bag camping?
I want to be a role model.
If I'm going for advice for anything in my life, I go straight to my father because he has the answers.
I can talk to my dad like he's my manager, and put 'Dad' on the back burner. We've been doing it since I was 13.
At 16, every boyfriend I had I was going to marry.
I'm spiritual.
I love religion.
You don't want to marry somebody who's just like you.
I collect lucky pennies that I find on the ground. I keep them in a Ziploc bag.
I am the first person to go to Barnes & Noble and buy the new self-help book. I like to fill out the surveys, then I get my friends' opinions on how I answered to see if I was being honest with myself or not.
I don't want to look like Daisy Duke every day. I don't want to wear a bathing suit every day.
I always wonder if what I'm wearing will be something that people would compliment, or want to wear. I don't ever get ready just for myself, ever.
I never knew how protective I was until I had my own child. I'm already thinking about intruders coming into the house and what our escape route would be.
Please remember, no matter what you go through in life, somebody else might have it harder.
I love that I can dream about paisley, and then two months later, someone's wearing it. I'm basically styling America.
It's been hard, but I've finally come to the realization that it's okay to not be perfect.
I feel like everybody's always out to get me, and that's a weird feeling.
Music will always be my No. 1 passion, but I don't have to be doing it professionally. It's not really about that for me anymore. I feel like I don't have to look at it as a career. I can just rest in it and just be.
You change with the guys you date.
I'm interested in learning more about myself and what I value in myself and letting that be the beautiful part of me, rather than putting on the makeup or wearing the right designer.
I can't deprive myself of things because then I obsess about it and end up eating.
I have a lot of really good handlers.
When you grow up in the music industry, trying to be Britney Spears because that's what sells records and then you realize, 'All I have to do is be myself? I should have thought of that a long time ago,' it feels good to have success come from what's actually inside of you.
I'm very ditsy and a klutz. I've been known to walk on stage and fall over my dress.
I'm actually a good cook.
I want to do the romantic comedies. You know, the stuff that Meg Ryan and Julia Roberts or Reese Witherspoon would choose, of course.
I'm not that kind of publicity, attention-grabber type of artist.
Well, for me, I grew up very Southern Baptist, and I definitely lived in my bubble. You know, I lived in my bubble that was in my church.
I'm very old fashioned.
I think anything sounds good with a Southern accent.
You're never going to look perfect to yourself even if you might look perfect to somebody else.
It's important to fall in love with someone you don't want to change.
I've come to realize that the more I censor myself, the less people relate to me.
To be a mentor for up-and-coming artists is right up my alley.
I love watching people's dreams come true.
Image is the most important thing about someone's career and longevity.
I don't regret anything I've gone through.
I'm never going to be a woman who doesn't work.
There are certain things that make me relax, like writing my journal. That's the only time that I'm relaxing. It's the only time I really get to examine myself.
I'm a woman who wants her chocolate.
Normally, I'm so shy.
I adore John Mayer. I don't see how anything that surrounds John could be negative.
As a woman who has some sort of power, you have to have a man that can take that. It's hard to find those men.
When I signed a record deal, I was always told by execs I needed to be like everybody else, that I had to show my midriff, things that would take away from who I want to be as an artist.
I really want to be just a singer-songwriter. That's who I am.
I think that having a public career is a bargain with the devil.
I don't ever wanna come across too intimidating, so as long as I look like you can come up and give me a hug, that's good.
I don't even have a type! I don't have a physical type. I have an emotional type.
