American,Musician
On my own I generally have very messy hair, wear jeans and sneakers.
Amazingly, I've been sort of an anomaly in the music industry. I feel like I've been able to exist as kind of a throwback artist.
I enjoy hard work; I love setting goals and achieving them.
I'm becoming more and more myself with time. I guess that's what grace is. The refinement of your soul through time.
I'm a Gemini and I have a lot of different moods. Sometimes I'm very serious and introspective and pensive, but other times I'm completely goofy and girlie. So, I like my songs to cover all my moods.
Forgiveness is the needle that knows how to mend.
I developed a loyal following. No one knew I was homeless.
Hard times make you bitter or make you more compassionate.
I would always encourage people of any age not to be so quick to follow other people's truths but to search and follow your own moral code and live by your own integrity, and mostly just be brave.
Love bravely, live bravely, be courageous; there's really nothing to lose.
I'm not a wild and crazy person.
I'm trying to be in the moment and really enjoy my pregnancy. I feel really lucky.
For now I'm just enjoying being a mom. I don't want to be more famous and more rich. I want to be a good mom.
I guess I'm a Gemini through and through, but I'm mercurial. I get bored doing the same things.
You have a different crowd every night, so you should do a different show to suit them. I tailor the show to their mood.
We must all work together to end youth homelessness in America.
I consider myself a product of Alaska. The love and the debt that I feel to my home state, you always want your hometown to be the proudest of you.
I've had mentors who were kind of the troubadour singer-songwriters, like Merle Haggard, Loretta Lynn, Joni Mitchell, Bob Dylan and Neil Young, and that's just what I've always liked - people who would talk real honestly about their lives and their circumstance.
The things you fear are undefeatable, not by their nature, but by your approach.
My whole goal is to keep my spirit intact. If that doesn't happen, none of this is worth it.
Love bravely, live bravely, be courageous, there's really nothing to lose. There's no wrong you can't make right again, so be kinder to yourself, you know, have fun, take chances. There's no bounds.
I grew up doing live tours and playing in bars, so it was what I love to do.
I'm fairly specific about what I like to wear and looks are important to me, just like they are to everybody.
I tend to eat what I want, which probably isn't good.
I've been performing on stage since I was six years old.
The show is different every night, because I never write a setlist.
When we're children we're told love is going to be great: Just fall in love, the rest will take care of itself - and then we fall in love and we realize, Okay, this is actually really, really hard work. This guy doesn't just tell me I'm great every day, you know?
Some of my favorite poets had a tremendous sense of whimsy, so it's a writing style I guess I admire.
I didn't mean to be a songwriter; I just was writing for fun, you have all day to do it. I was homeless so that's all I had to do.
I was homeless and I was in San Diego and I started singing in a local coffee shop and people started coming to hear me sing.
I have a life that I enjoy; I try and value the things that I think are worth valuing and everything else is icing. You know, it is a kick to go down the red carpet in that dress and then you go back home.
I have always been a workaholic.
I love shows about creating and cooking. Sometimes they're so extraordinary, you end up setting yourself to fail.
I was raised really poor and so was my husband.
I think family mealtime is really important. There's a lot of research that shows kids are going to do better in school and have more self-esteem if you can all sit down and eat together.
If you write a hit song for Britney Spears, it's worth several million dollars. Just one song! And it might have taken you two hours to do it. It's like mining for gold. It takes a lot of skill and a lot of technique.
I sort of came out at the dawn of the Internet in the mid-90s and I think it helped break my career. I think I was one of the first artists to really benefit from the grassroots swell that can happen online. I don't know if I would have broken out without it.
I was really inspired while I was pregnant and I wrote a whole album for my baby. I wanted to write a kids album that didn't annoy parents. I used The Beatles 'Rocky Raccoon' as sort of a starting place for my writing.
I'm the classic absent-minded professor: I'm very focused on something, and meanwhile, I've left the refrigerator door open for hours.
It's like a garden: Whatever you water the most will do the best. At some point, you decide whether you'll water your career or your relationship more.
There's no wrong you can't make right again, so be kinder to yourself; you know, have fun, take chances. Those bounds.
I've always been a workhorse, and I've been supporting myself since I was 15.
My husband and I have kept a good balance between the work and the rest. I feel so lucky having a job, and I know so may people who focus too much on work, and their home lives suffer.
I think being raised spending so much time outdoors was really important - while you're in it, you might not know, but now I think of the things I was thankful for.
If someone is willing to help you understand your own worth when you're vulnerable, that's a very touching thing. It makes you want to help other people.
I've been writing lullabies since the beginning. I kind of did it for myself to help myself fall asleep when I really worried, like when I was homeless and I'd fall asleep in my car.
I wrote the song 'Angels Standing By'... to try and soothe myself - rock myself to sleep, basically - because I was so scared and stressed.
I'm somebody who, as a child, had a lot of insecurity about stable housing, where I was going to be living, if I was going to have a roof over my head, all those types of things. And I know the impact it can have on you psychologically and emotionally.
Lots of people have gone from public housing to do great things in the world and have a tremendous sense of duty to their fellow man because of it.
It's really fun to see young kids trying to find excellence in themselves.
Like every girl, I felt amazing pressure to look like the popular girls, but no one told me the popular girls were all air brushed in magazines.
I was Renee Zellweger's fat doppelganger. If she ever played in a movie where she needed to be fat, apparently I could be her stunt double.
I hope that my life ends up being my greatest work of art, not just my music.
I've always toured solo acoustic.
Without a band, I'm much more free to improvise.
I love touring - I don't do it as often as I should.
My fans get passionate about certain songs.
There are a lot of things about fame that are not conducive to being curious. It's been important for me to cloister myself off.
I'm a happy mum. I didn't think it was in the cards for me, so I feel very blessed.
I moved out of home when I was 15.
I would love to write more children's books. There is such a high standard out there for children's books; there are really amazing writers. It is a fantastic creative outlet and such an amazing teaching tool. The thing I love about kids, too, is it is so imaginative and poetic.
I have hundreds and hundreds of songs waiting to get on albums, but I don't know about the three-month radio tours and if I'll be interested in that. I haven't figured it out, but I will definitely be doing music, whether it is independent or with a major record label.
I consider myself a product of Alaska. The love and the debt that I feel to my home state - you always want your hometown to be the proudest of you, and so it's heartbreaking to hear people say snarky things.
I don't feel like I've changed as much as radio formats have changed.
