American,Musician
A great tailor is like a great personal trainer - they tailor that suit to your natural physique.
Swanky means classy and funky.
I am, always have been, and always will be proud of my Nigerian heritage.
I think a lot of people try to be someone else, and Young Thug really is who he is. I love his melodies, how he dresses, how he carries himself.
Everything you touch touches you.
When I brought home a 98 percent on a test, my father would say, 'Ah, ah, where are the other two points? Go and get them, then bring them back.' My father and Nigerian culture has always stood for excellence.
A classic man is a distinguished man. He cares about taste and his craft. He's all about the simple model that I live by - eat, drink, be swanky, and have fun getting the job done. He makes sure that he's excellent in all things and that he cares about his neighborhood immensely.
I describe myself as a big kid with an old soul, I'm very playful whimsical, but I definitely have that old soul as well.
The affinity towards suits was a functional thing for me early on because I was thrifting at secondhand shops, and it was also initially a way of grieving - my father had passed, and he used to wear suits all the time.
It's better to do your purpose imperfectly than to do someone else's purpose perfectly.
My name is Jidenna, which means 'to hold or embrace the father' in Igbo. It was my father who gave me this name and who taught me countless parables, proverbs, and principles that made me the man I am today.
I reached rock bottom halfway through college. And it was - because of all the pressure that I think we're talking about right now - the pressure to learn how to budget, the pressure to really abandon everything that you ever learned. You don't have a comfort zone anymore. You don't have your neighborhood. You don't have your family with you.
For me, it's important that as you're introducing yourself, you show different dimensions.
For me, I wear a suit because I need to remember what's happened before me.
My nickname is 'Chief' because my father was a chief in Nigeria.
Even if the production doesn't feel African, the vocal delivery - singing through your nose. Specifically, Highlife music from Nigeria. That was the first music I ever heard as a child. So singing through my nose is something I do often, and that's directly rooted in my heritage.
If one door is closed, break a window anyway.
I work predominantly with tailors from Nigeria, Ghana, and Senegal.
I myself have been scrutinized by militarized police, but I know officers who actually handle themselves in a certain way that makes me feel safe.
People thought 'Classic Man' was processed. But then they realized, 'Oh, this guy actually is that man, and he actually dresses like that.'
The one thing that I learned in college, actually, was that you may reach tremendous highs and tremendous lows.
I was raised with a father who really believed in the bridge between all Africans around the world.
While the majority of my childhood memories are beautiful, I also have experienced the challenges that Nigeria has faced since independence.
America is haunted by an apparition steeped in slavery, and I wanted to remind everyone that, 'Yo, we've got to handle this.'
Most of the suits I try to wear are bespoke.
You love who you love. I happen to just love a lot of women.
I started singing because it was a natural evolution in hip-hop to me. Without Prince, I wouldn't have embraced that. I wouldn't have been able to embrace me.
In music, I wanted to make sure I was innovating.
I'm the guy on the corner that is slightly peculiar but fun and funky.
Willy Wonka had his chocolate factory; I have my Fear & Fancy Parlor.
There was no question that I was going to school.
I thought the suit was something that would suit me.
Yes, it's still a man's world, unfortunately, and we have a long way to go in this country and all countries - but there's something to be said for just feeling the spirit of a true man, and I think that's what 'Classic Man' speaks to.
The trick of Afrobeats is it doesn't just move your upper body, it moves your hips as well, and I think that's what people have been missing in popular music for a while. I think that's what people need around the world.
I feel like we haven't dealt with the ghosts of America's past, and the way to deal with it is to confront it, so every time people see me, I want them to be reminded and to confront that ghost.
I think it's important to not just think about what you want but what's needed in the world.
I was born in Wisconsin, but I quickly moved to Nigeria as a toddler.
I think one of the things that I picked up from Nigeria is the constant pressure to be excellent. Parents drill in this responsibility towards family, but also a responsibility toward making sure your family name is heralded.
California was special. It's a place where I learned how to be adventurous, both in style and fashion, but also in terms of the way I think.
I think hard-core capitalism tends to commercialize everything.
Jesus' birthday is commercialized, so of course, Black History Month is commercialized.
Does Martin Luther King really want his birthday commercialized?
There are always pluses and minus to commercialization. It broadcasts something to the masses. So that's the plus. The minus is it may lose some of its meaning if you dilute it.
If I'm shopping at the Gap or Old Navy, I'm saying that I'm an ordinary person: I don't want to be seen; I don't want to stand out. That's a statement. If I'm wearing a leather jacket, there's something about me that's kind of a rebel. So everybody says something, whether they want to or not.
I've always been dabbling in suits, but like a lot of people in the neighborhoods I grew up in, I had my snapback; I had my v-neck. I still got them in the closet. I got my J's, my Forces; it was standard.
I believe what Wondaland is doing is creating depth.
