American,Musician
I wasn't interested in writing music that wasn't beautiful for me to listen to.
People in San Francisco and the East Bay have shown interest, done interviews, and have come to shows. I guess that the news travels fast out of this island that we are on.
I give away CDs at shows if someone wants a CD but doesn't have any money. I wouldn't want to do that forever.
I would happy for someone to download my music.
I played piano for about two years when I was a kid. I didn't play long enough to be really great.
I started playing harp about fourteen years ago.
I have writing songs on my own for about six years.
I have a recording that I did of instrumental songs.
I wanted to write songs which I think is a different thing. I wanted to write music that is informed by folk music. The chord progressions are obvious references.
I am not doing something that it is experimental music in relation to classical music.
I have a deep rooted folk sensibility that I can't get away from completely.
I did spend a year in high school being obsessed with Fleetwood Mac.
I can't play my songs on the smaller harp. I have a Celtic harp. I can't do the key changes.
I can understand someone not liking the voice or the songs.
I am producing sounds that people are not used to hearing from the harp.
I want to make music that somehow connects to the things that I love in America music.
I am consciously not trying to bring in World Music elements. The ways that I work and feel are completely different in how they sound than someone playing the Kora in Africa would play it.
I am consciously trying not to make it sound Celtic or African.
I recorded harp first or singing first. I recorded it all together. Part of the reason is that I don't know how to play the songs without also singing. I forget how they progress. I don't think that any of them are verse, chorus, verse, and so on. They are not simple.
I definitely don't subscribe to the theory that more instruments, or more vocal tracks, harmony, or double tracking the voice, is a good thing. People do their early albums very stripped down, then each album becomes bloated.
I am always trying to write.
Lyrics are very different. There is a clear line between that and a poem. Something that has been a source of great excitement and delight for me is this idea that I get to rhyme.
In high school, we studied a lot of poetical forms. I was really interested in the math that was involved and the strange live break ups. That gave me a great amount of respect for a rhymed stanza.
The way that words fit together is always interesting to me. I love words.
People are often afraid for me. They think that I am going to break. I can make it through a set.
It's totally different. I usually don't tell people about the Pleased if they know me from the harp. And if they are there to see the Pleased, I usually don't tell them about the harp. I am nervous that these people will expect something similar.
