American,Musician
The foundation of my beliefs is the same as it was when I was 10. Non-violence.
You don't get to choose how you're going to die, or when. You can only decide how you're going to live. Now.
I've never had a humble opinion. If you've got an opinion, why be humble about it?
You may not know it, but at the far end of despair, there is a white clearing where one is almost happy.
Action is the antidote to despair.
If people have to put labels on me, I'd prefer the first label to be human being, the second label to be pacifist, and the third to be folk singer.
Instead of getting hard ourselves and trying to compete, women should try and give their best qualities to men - bring them softness, teach them how to cry.
As we know, forgiveness of oneself is the hardest of all the forgivenesses.
The longer you practice nonviolence and the meditative qualities of it that you will need, the more likely you are to do something intelligent in any situation.
I think music has the power to transform people, and in doing so, it has the power to transform situations - some large and some small.
The only thing that's been a worse flop than the organization of non-violence has been the organization of violence.
We were raised with that discussion about violence and non-violence, and we all pretty much came up on the side of non-violence. That became my foundation with politics and my livelihood.
I spend a lot of time with Buddhists. I'm not a Buddhist, but their relationship with death interests me.
During the 'ballad' years for me, the politics was latent; I was just falling in love with the ballads and my boyfriend. And there was the beauty of the songs.
That's all nonviolence is - organized love.
I have hope in people, in individuals. Because you don't know what's going to rise from the ruins.
People say I'm such a pessimist, but I always was. It never stopped me from doing what I had to do. I would say I'm a realist.
Hypothetical questions get hypothetical answers.
Nonviolence is a flop. The only bigger flop is violence.
It seems to me that those songs that have been any good, I have nothing much to do with the writing of them. The words have just crawled down my sleeve and come out on the page.
The easiest kind of relationship for me is with ten thousand people. The hardest is with one.
If it's natural to kill, how come men have to go into training to learn how?
Someone had to change the world. And obviously I was the one for the job.
Mostly what I listen to when I turn on my little iPod is opera.
I've never been an optimist.
The hardest song to write is a protest song, a topical song with meaning.
