American,Musician
My mom always said that there would be haters. Not everyone can love ya.
Always wear cute pyjamas to bed, you'll never know who u will meet in your dreams.
I've done a lot of self-improvement. I'm always working on being a better person.
People can say or think whatever they want... so in my reality, it's kind of irrelevant. I'm always the kind of person that does the right thing and keeps my side of the street clean.
I'm kind of crazy with karma. I really believe that everything you do revisits you, so, I'm really adamant about the kids seeing the grandparents, so like, I can see my grandkids, you know what I mean?
Just stay true to yourself and true to wut you believe.
Music is supposed to be an escape. It's supposed to be somewhere you go, where you can be yourself, or be whatever you want to be.
It's always a bit much, being in a band with your brother. We fight all the time, but it's kind of comical.
Every girl I've ever dated I have respect for, and I always try to leave them in good terms.
So I wanna see all of you making out during this song.
People think that I'm a really outgoing person because of how I am on stage. But I'm not. I'm really shy.
I'm kinda disapointed that Canada isn't like the South Park movie said it was.
You can only start a boyband if you kill one of the ones already out there.
I think that our goal in Good Charlotte is just to be Good Charlotte, and whatever happens, whatever that means, we don't even know, and make music and whatever.
I think the terrorists are just idiots.
Those people who shun us just because of the label we're on, or the fact that we've got a video out there that's getting us somewhere, are only limiting themselves, because they aren't keeping an open mind.
Benji usually tries to match his hair with his underwear, and you know how he had the pink hair for a while well we caught him in a pink thong one day!
When I heard Nirvana, it changed my life.
I was just in the middle of singing a song about how broke we were and now my cell phone rings.
We're all music fans and we just love being in a band, and that's why we do it.
You were the one who gave me those boxers? I wondered where they came from, I wear those! Although I'm not a big fan of flannel, it gets a little hot down there, if you know what I mean.
I don't want to see anyone leaving single tonight. I want everyone to leave impregnated.
Instead of going out and shooting people, why don't you go start a band.
It's very cliched to go, 'You're not punk.' We don't care if we are, and we don't care if we aren't.
I've flown across America, I've scaled fences, I've stood under windows and gone out of my way hundreds of times. I'm a hopeless romantic. There's no hope for me.
The best thing is being really close. The worst thing is being really close.
