American,Musician
Sometimes I wish that I was the weather, you'd bring me up in conversation forever. And when it rained, I'd be the talk of the day.
You make a choice in your life, and it affects your life in all the ways, good and bad.
Sometimes it feels like my life is just one long day.
I can't even explain to you how terrible that feels, that I equate dating a woman with punishment, shame, guilt, disappointment, reproach, reprimand, persecution. It's a nightmare.
They say stay in the lines, but there's always something better on the other side.
A man's got two shots for jewelry: a wedding ring and a watch. The watch is a lot easier to get on and off than a wedding ring.
Ladies, if you want to know the way to my heart... good spelling and good grammar, good punctuation, capitalize only where you are supposed to capitalize, it's done.
Life is like a box of crayons. Most people are the 8-color boxes, but what you're really looking for are the 64-color boxes with the sharpeners on the back. I fancy myself to be a 64-color box, though I've got a few missing.
You get to a certain age where you prepare yourself for happiness. Sometimes you never remember to actually get happy.
High School is like a spork: it's a crappy spoon and a crappy fork, so in the end it's just plain useless.
There's a constantly applicable nature to soul music, whereas sometimes pop music can be a periodical.
My fear is that I go up to the girl of my dreams and say 'I'm sorry, but I've got to say hello to you,' and she slides the stool back and gets up and walks away, saying, 'Not for me, Bub. I don't want anything to do with you.'
Everybody is just a stranger, but that's the danger in going my own way.
I'm very happy in all aspects of my life.
I don't have anybody telling me what to do.
I've never been a bad boy.
I've realized you can use a fork as a spoon if you use it rapidly enough.
I hope that what it comes down to at the end of the day is that people believe that I believe what I'm singing. It comes down to being believable. You don't have to be likeable; generally, though, I think I am.
I like giving people something they don't want to miss the next time. It's a show with little twists and turns and curves. It has me being silly and stupid and compassionate and completely deep.
I really don't want to be a hunk.
No matter what I do, I'm going to earn it.
I scientifically engineer my music to be as accessible as possible.
I've learned to appreciate everything that has been given to me.
It's very liberating when you finally realize it's impossible to make everyone like you.
I'd like to think the best of me was still hiding up in my sleeve.
Sometimes I get so bold and I'm so confident about what I'm doing that I actually try to be more of a dork because it's a really liberating feeling to experience what it's like to not care.
Nothing feels worse than having to break the stage down before the performance, and I mean nothing.
You cannot avoid war in life, you cannot avoid the fear of terrorism, you cannot avoid those things now, they are a part of everyday demeanor.
I've figured out my learning curve. I can look at something and somehow know exactly how long it will take for me to learn it.
I have the obsessiveness of someone who's a sober, recovering addict displacing his addiction. Except I never had the addiction.
There's a certain lack of gimmickry to what I do that makes people in England go: 'Where's the thing?'
I'm not an icon. Not even in America.
I'm a good music provider, and I'm fine with that. I'm a quality music manufacturer.
Trying to impress my mother with words was one of my favourite pursuits.
I don't write songs in order to stick it to my exes. I don't release underground dis tracks.
I may have taken someone through the wringer psychologically, but I've never been sinister.
In the quest to be clever, I completely forgot about the people that I love and that love me.
My hits are not hits.
It's so interesting how success hits people and how they react to it.
I look away at car crashes, and I know people who look away at car crashes, because it makes us uncomfortable to watch other people in pain.
Look, demanding somebody do anything in this day and age is not going to fly.
All I want a song to do is just to kind of present an idea.
I was very successful from a very early age, and I want to keep it.
Maybe someday you can accuse somebody of being a poseur by selling out and playing blues music, but that's just not going to happen in my lifetime.
I'm the only person I know who's got a bunch of money.
I believe in blues, and I believe that it's been misrepresented.
I have these accidents, these mistakes, these self-inflicted wounds, and then I tear my head to shreds about it for days.
I don't want to detach. I don't want to go live in a gated community.
I love being the center of attention.
When you're just open but not honest, then you start free-associating garbage.
People are really concerned with what other people are saying about them.
The night I was recognized for 'Daughters' at the Grammys was the night this record started. I knew I had bought the time to learn everything I needed before I started this one. 'Continuum' is not a shot in the dark, it's not a guesstimation.
It's almost charity work, what people have done, turning other people on to my music.
What I've learned in my life, it's a very interesting social study for me, to go back and forth between being the guy at home and being the guy on the road and being the guy in studio and being the guy in the interview. The environment around you has so much to do with your character, and when I'm home, my character really changes quite a bit.
I just sort of lost my head for a little while.
I wanted to be a blues guitar player. And a singer. And a songwriter. Not a shock jock.
I hate being the heartbreaker. Hate it. If I date somebody and it doesn't work out, it's another nightmare for me.
I'm not deluded enough to think that everyone who knows my name is a listener. You know, I hope that part of that interest - part of that public interest - has to do with me still making records that people like.
I wanted everybody to like me. I thought I was one shuck and jive away in every direction.
