British,Musician
Life is short, so enjoy it to the fullest.
The only think I like better than talking about Food is eating.
Get to know the Chef and you will start to enjoy dining out even more.
Educating young people about the harms of drugs is essential.
The purpose of random testing is not to catch, punish, or expose students who use drugs, but to save their lives and discover abuse problems early so that students can grow up and learn in a drug-free environment.
We know that if we can prevent kids from trying drugs in their teenage years, we dramatically reduce the likelihood that they will go on to have problems later in life.
To work to make the lives or others better is the most rewarding work of all.
Too many people just eat to consume calories. Try dining for a change.
Make your having dinner out become The Event of the Night, instead of just the beginning.
All too many young people are receiving mixed messages and inaccurate information about drugs.
Some of these pro-drug messages come from popular culture.
Parents should monitor their behavior, know who their friends are, and keep track of what they do.
We all have an interest in making sure teens grow up healthy and drug-free.
All school districts receive funds from the federal government, through the Department of Education, to support anti-drug education efforts.
It is very rewarding to serve the country by helping President Bush work to reduce the drug problem.
Teen drug use went up dramatically in the 1990s.
This was a result of a number of factors, but we do know that the messages kids get about the harms of drugs has a significant impact on their decision on whether or not to use.
In recent years, we have been sending a clear, consistent signal about the harms of drugs, particularly marijuana, which for most young people is the first illegal drug that they are exposed to.
Research shows that parents are the single biggest influence on children - if you are worried about your teen and drugs, talk to them.
It has become much more difficult to smuggle dangerous substances across our borders over the past three years, and this is creating real problems for drug traffickers.
Marijuana is a much bigger part of the American addiction problem than most people - teens or adults - realize.
There are now more teens going into treatment for marijuana dependency than for all other drugs combined.
Today's marijuana is also twice as strong as it was in the mid 80's.
We need to educate Americans about the real harms of marijuana if we want to sustain the gains we've made over the past three years.
You don't want to give kids an idea that they might not have thought of.
