American,Musician
I'm not interested in meeting people's expectations, and I'm not interested in pleasing people.
I find that the best way to do things is to constantly move forward and to never doubt anything and keep moving forward, if you make a mistake say you made a mistake.
For me it's important to be in balance. To not let fear get in the way of things, to not worry so much about protecting yourself all the time.
In music you have people exposing this very vulnerable part of themselves, and you also have the lifestyle is so fast that oftentimes people search for whatever the easiest way to feel relaxed in the midst of all of it, or the easiest way to have energy.
In the Chili Peppers I'm a part of that world in a pretty big world and that's just the way it is.
What really helps me is being able to record my albums at home - I have more fun experimenting that way, as opposed to working with an engineer, in which case I have to deal with the humiliation of doing take after take, and that can get frustrating.
You just never know when somebody's gonna die. It could happen at any moment so you've got to really treat everybody that way. Just really let everybody know how you feel about them.
People fall into patterns at fast speeds, when really, to have a clear musical thought - the kind of musical thought that makes a melody work - our brains just can't think that fast. At a certain point, you're going on automatic.
I don't want to be on the radio. I don't want to be on Mtv.
I think the feelings in my music were suggested to me before I even had the ability to play music.
I would say a lot of the emotion in what I do is a sort of a thankfulness for those energies being around, because there's been points in my life when they weren't around, and it's a real sort of miserable existence.
Yeah, I really like being alive. But I definitely don't have any intentions as an artist.
Rock guitarists usually do not wish to think trains of thought about anything but their own guitar playing during a long solo, and I could not play this way if I were not able to divide my attention between my ever changing musical environment and my instrument itself.
I try to put the same spirit into that that I put into any other music endeavor I'm involved in.
The main thing experience has taught me is that one has to sort of hone their relationship to time, you know.
Something like trying to protect yourself all the time, things like trying to outwit fate. Those things can be the worst thing you can do for yourself.
Any guitar solo should reflect the music that it's soloing over and not just be existing in its own sort of little world.
I don't have an extensive background in theory, but the amount of it that I've learned, I've applied, so I have a vocabulary of melodic and rhythmic relationships. And that's all theory is - it's symbols to help you identify those relationships.
The drive to create music that is pure is my highest priority. Sometimes I'll get extremely technical, and other times I'll just kind of go with the gods of music.
My religious point of view is something I can't talk about. It goes against my belief system to talk publicly about my own spiritual beliefs.
Everything's very perfectly balanced; for all the horrible things in the world there's lots of good things.
But I have been avoiding talking about what I'm doing now because it's frustrating for people to hear about things that aren't available yet.
My music, my whole approach to the synthesizer has completely changed now.
And this whole period of time of gradually working at being a better guitar player and songwriter have gradually led me to the point where I feel I'm doing a clearer representation of the thing that I've been feeling inside me since I was four years old.
I just feel like the songs that come out are the songs that come.
I feel like I'd like to continue putting out records and start putting them out more rapidly than I have until now and for me if I can keep selling the records to the fans that already like me that's fine.
