American,Musician
I came to the realization that I'm a child of God, and that's my identity. If this all goes tomorrow, I don't have the proverbial rug under me that can be pulled out. I'm taken care of, and there's someone who loves me.
If I can show people how vulnerable and how flawed I am, maybe others will relate.
At the end of the day, we want love, and we want to feel loved.
I'm just a product of the '90s, to be honest.
I wanna make music; that's all I wanna do.
People can relate more to being honest about your problems, your insecurities, and the things that you find wrong with yourself. Because that's how we really are.
My artistry is my baby.
When I want to get inspired, I'll put a Pixar movie on silent and listen to Nas.
I wrote 'Monster' and thought that it would solve a lot of my problems, that I'd have money in the bank, but I felt no different. I was still searching for something.
'Translations Through Speakers' was literally, I'm translating very spottily what my aspirations are.
I was raised on 'TRL' and listened to every genre that sounded good to me, from Sum 41 to Jay Z to Band of Horses to J. Dilla to Deathcab for Cutie to Pharrell.
I think some of the best music throughout the actual history of music itself came from cultures where they're not really looking for outside themes. It's developed from their hometowns - it's what they love and what they love to do.
I'm fascinated by Jesus and pray to him every day.
I grew up on Dilla, Timbaland, Pharrell, all these drums that are super pocketed, so all those influences come out on a song like 'Ungrateful Eyes,' with all the crazy drum swing.
As far as the U.K. goes, The 1975 is one of my favourite groups in a very long time. I love the sonics. I love everything they do.
Sometimes I feel drawn to writing about my shortcomings because I'm chock full of them.
We're not as happy as our Instagrams and Twitters make us out to be.
I always want to approach records from where it feels very graspable. You know what the song's about, but it's presented to you in a way that's like, 'I never heard something like this before,' but it doesn't push you away.
Rapping was a hobby; when I went to college, there were a ton of dudes rapping. I think that's where I got my rapping chops up.
I was sick of waiting for people to jump on hooks for songs I produced. So I tried singing myself, and I haven't looked back.
I just never really though you could or couldn't listen to a certain type of music.
I loved everything, but it was Kanye West who really changed everything for me.
A lot of the album 'The Definition' was made from two things: Pixar movies and J. Dilla.
I'd watch Pixar movies for, like, six hours, back-to-back. I'd watch 'Finding Nemo' twice a week, back-to-back-to-back, three times in a row.
As long as I don't have to go back to the catering hall and wait tables anymore, I'm very happy.
People don't realize I make records eight or nine months before they come out. I'm directing the videos; I have a lot of work to do. I'm very involved in all that stuff creatively.
