American,Musician
I'm just thankful I'm surrounded by good people.
My California sunrise, there's a real mist in the air. I think of the mountains. You can smell the farm fields. You can smell the dirt and the lights and the whole sun.
Take everything you can from what people say. Keep going and stick to your instincts. And what your soul tells you to do, use that.
'Dirt On My Boots' is a very different song. I heard the melody, and I heard the lyrics, and I heard the drive of that song. I totally related. It was kinda me when I was on my bulldozer working for my dad.
I'm a guy who doesn't know the name of the chord, but I know that it sounds good.
It's always a good feeling to be recognized for something.
People out west love country music.
'Dirt on My Boots' was pegged as the second single from 'California Sunrise' from the get-go, and we felt like it was just a fun song to go with.
There's so many great people in Country Radio, and I appreciate all the support they've given me.
I can be a traditionalist but also play with Luke Bryan and get the crowd to go crazy. I think that mix is a lot of what has kept me going and kept people fired up about the music.
Radio has had my back since 'Missin' You Crazy,' which was a very traditional kind of song.
I can play with Florida Georgia Line. We can throw down with people. I think that's what sets me apart.
I was a huge Garth Brooks fan.
I love the story of the guy coming to Nashville and then kind of getting set down and told, 'This is how the town works,' which, I've totally been there. But the coolest thing about 'Out of Style' is it's a song within a song.
I chose to be this guy. It's who I want to be, and it's always been me - just keepin' it country.
You gotta have a good beat to survive in modern country in general. Everyone wants to feel good, laugh, dance, and cry. But at the same time, they all want it to sound happy.
I've really been studying lyrics, printing out lyrics to songs I love and reading them like a letter.
We travel so much as touring musicians and artists that sometimes, when you hear a great song that you really think could be on your project, you go ahead and record it instead of try to write it.
I lean traditional, but 'Head Over Boots,' it's pretty country.
I'd like to start a tradition of getting No. 1s - how 'bout that?
If you can take a piece of life and put it in a song, it's going to be a good song - especially if it's from the heart.
As a songwriter, we're looking for a good story, and we're always looking to push the limits.
I love having those lyrics that at first make you think it's about one thing, but it's really about something so much more.
I always want to have the traditional country soul while meeting the new standards of country music.
There's a connection when people are dancing, laughing, and singing, and that definitely happens with 'Head Over Boots.'
We're boot-friendly here.
I grew up in rural Dixon, CA, and I've been hunting with my father ever since I was a young boy. He taught me how to hunt and shoot, firearm safety, and have respect for the outdoors.
I had a drummer I really wanted to move to Nashville with me, and he's like, 'Naw, I can't go, man.' He never could pull the trigger. It's a big move. You just gotta be diehard - you gotta give it your all, you know.
My grandmother loved country music, and she's the one who really got me into country music. She had George Strait tapes, a bunch of them. I remember listening to tapes, taking them out, the covers and the back.
For my shows, I don't play too many slow songs.
There's been a lot of wedding songs and proposals. It's cool because when they play it at weddings so, it means a lot to them. That's a big deal. They're always going to remember 'Head Over Boots' as played at their wedding.
As a songwriter, you always want to search for something that's right in front of you that you can twist into something new.
'Head Over Boots' is a shuffle, but it's more of a Motown laid-back shuffle than, say, a Dwight Yoakam shuffle.
As a songwriter, you always look for guys that you can write good with. Show up, have an idea, knock it out of the park.
I'm helping country sound a little more country.
I like hearing fiddles, steel guitar, acoustics up loud - really rock & roll stuff but with a country sound behind it. That's just who I am. I'm not trying to prove a point; I am just doing what I like. But I don't have any problems with any other artist coming in and doing their own thing.
At 14, I was in my own little classic rock country band. Then, after high school, I started another band called Northern Comfort. That was based out of Chico, Calif.
Getting a beginner publishing deal really helped me gain the skills. I just kept writing and writing. You just take everything out of life and turn it into an idea or a melody or a song and find the best writers you can to write with that fit you and know what you want to do.
I have a great band of great guys. We're a lot of fun.
I always want to just stay humble, and I always want to keep climbing.
If you get music on a personal level, you are doing something right. It's not just in one ear and out the other.
A lot of my fans, and a lot of country music fans, they still wear boots.
