American,Musician
Miracles happen everyday, change your perception of what a miracle is and you'll see them all around you.
There's a vintage which comes with age and experience.
Map out your future - but do it in pencil. The road ahead is as long as you make it. Make it worth the trip.
Believe in love. Believe in magic. Hell, believe in Santa Clause. Believe in others. Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. If you don't, who will?
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.
Nothing is as important as passion. No matter what you want to do with your life, be passionate.
I'm a football guy. Baseball, I enjoy it at playoff time.
Don't waste your time away thinkin' 'bout yesterday's blues.
I like progress but I hate change.
I went to a radio station on Long Island in 1982, and thank goodness for me, it was so new that there was no receptionist. So the DJ opened up his booth, and took my tape and listened to it and thought it was a hit song.
We are at a crossroads in the music business: with the rise of the internet, the world we live in has changed, and the past is not coming back. But I see the glass as half-full: the internet and social networking are new avenues for the next Bob Dylan to be born on.
My health and my family are the core of my being.
Women have always ruled my life, be it my mother, my wife, my assistant, or my daughter, so I don't really fight with them. I relinquished control years ago.
Piano playing is a dying art. I love the fact that I can be one guy with one instrument evoking an emotional and musical experience.
Tonight I'll dust myself off, tonight I'll suck my gut in, I'll face the night and I'll pretend I got something to believe in.
New Jersey shaped who and what I am. Growing up in Jersey gave you all the advantages of New York, but you were in its shadow. Anyone who's come from here will tell you that same story.
There are those who advocate, and those who do. I'm not trying to slight my peers, but there is a difference between using a soapbox and actually getting your hands dirty. I've spent not only years and millions of dollars but hours and hours and hours of my time doing what I do, and that's very different from what anyone else is doing.
The only thing I like more than my wife is my money, and I'm not about to lose that to her and her lawyers, that's for damn sure.
You know these love letters mix with whisky, just don't light a match when you kiss me.
I went to Catholic school in and out. I'm what you call a recovering Catholic. I have many major issues with the church.
My background's working class. My parents had to work to make ends meet. We don't come from any sense of privilege.
If you wanted to torture me, you'd tie me down and force me to watch our first five videos.
Don't get too comfortable with who you are at any given time - you may miss the opportunity to become who you want to be.
We've been gone five years and the best they could come up with was boy bands?
Women rule the world. It's not really worth fighting because they know what they're doing. Ask Napoleon. Ask Adam. Ask Richard Burton or Richie Sambora. Many a man has crumbled.
You just stay the course, and do what it is that you do, and grow while you're doing it. Eventually it will either come full circle, or at least you'll go to bed at night happy.
