American,Musician
Like all of us, we have pretty serious mood swings.
I just want to focus on one thing at a time.
Being in a band is far more than playing an instrument. It's surviving. It's getting an album together.
I definitely have favourites in terms of albums.
I do my job in Type O Negative.
I lean towards traditionally what people would consider the more negative side of life.
I like working with other people but I'm not a songwriter, I'm a producer.
I really believe that we're a studio-based band, and I have always thought that.
I think that most artists are leaning towards fragile idiots.
I think the fact is that World Coming Down was just a really hard album for people to deal with.
I used to love Bach.
I was for a minor amount of time but I was probably a better pianist at 15 than I am now.
In regards to the reaction to Life Is Killing Me, I would say that I'm never happy about anything.
My tastes lean toward the more negative, angry and eclectic.
No, I'm sure that there's a lot of L.A. bands out there.
One album has absolutely nothing to do with the other.
Peter has the biggest mouth, so it goes to be a mouth contest.
Slow, Deep And Hard was a great album, even though it was probably our least selling record.
So right off, I'm going to have to say that a lot of people have been comparing Life Is Killing Me to World Coming Down, and I think a lot of those people equate art and sales figures, and I don't do that.
That's what I do and I enjoy even the hateful moments of a relationship where two people or four people come together to make a bigger mess than originally intended.
The World Coming Down tour was around four years ago, and other than the wear and tear we've all sustained in the last four years, nothing much has changed.
To compare the albums is like trying to compare apples and oranges.
We do do such a variety, especially if you consider all five records.
We don't pump out albums eight months apart from each other.
We seem to do better in the studio than we do in a live environment.
We still have a very good core following, and the shows have been almost one hundred percent sold out.
