American,Musician
If you're broke, you don't want to rap about being broke; you gonna rap about hustling and getting that bread.
My life has changed for the better. It's just amazing. I have to catch myself sometimes. It's like a dream. It's a great thing.
We all can't shine at the same time.
What can I say? I'm just a relevant dude. It's just natural. My hunger's still there. I still keep my ear to the streets. I record every song like it's my last. I just love music. I'm blessed.
Some people can be president, some people can speak, some people, you know, anything that's positive, man - a dentist, a doctor. Just hang in there and never give up, and find out what is your talent. First you got to find your talent and just stick with your talent, and I guarantee you'll get there, man.
I come from nothing. When I got a chance to make some money, I was like, 'Man, I'm not ever going back.'
I used to read music books when I was 13. My mom was working at a library. She's a librarian. I would get my mom to check out any kind of books that had anything to do with the music industry. I read a lot about royalities, publishing, marketing, stuff like that.
I want to meet Denzel Washington when I go to the Oscars. Every man wants to see Halle Berry in person. And, you know, Dolly Parton... I wouldn't mind seeing Dolly Parton. She's from Tennessee, I'm from Tennessee.
I've got a lot of songs about having fun and partying, but it's a lot of work.
Sometimes, I make 50 songs and pick out the best 10. I've been in the studio all day, all night, making the beat, writing the raps. You never know what's gonna be a hit.
When I'm making songs, I never call them hits. I knew 'Bandz A Make Her Dance' was a good record, but I never knew it was gonna be a hit.
I'm a producer first, and I know music, so I can jump on any song, whether it's pop or urban, without changing me. Whatever I do, I'm gonna make it classic.
I'm starting the Juicy J Scholarship Foundation. I'm going to start doing a lot of different things trying to help out and give back.
I'm a producer/rapper, so I feel like I can do anything. I can do all kinds of music. I've done all kinds of music, and I'm good at it.
I'm never uncomfortable with anything I do. I never feel like I regret anything. I love music, you know? All kinds of music.
I want to be the president of Columbia Records, maybe C.E.O. - kind of like L.A. Reid.
I always wanted to run a major label, and I feel like I got the skills to do that. The one thing about me is that I won't sit behind a desk the whole time - I'll go to the clubs and see what's hot.
I have a whole lot of songs.
I just want people to hear me and my story.
I am one of those artists who knows where their money is. I pay my bills; I take care of my mama. I handle my business. I am a businessman. I go to meetings and take care of things, so it's a lot more than just partying and turning up.
As one of the founders of Three 6 Mafia, I would like to see the group get back together, you know. But I am definitely thinking about it and would like to see it happen.
I don't live in the past or focus on making new songs sound like my old stuff; it would be stupid, and I don't think anyone would like it.
If you look back, you get stuck in a year. I've seen rappers and singers get stuck in 2002 or 2005, and they can't get out.
When I come around people, I'm up to date on everything. I know all the new music that's coming out, all the stuff that ain't came out yet.
You never know what's going to happen and when it's going to happen.
I listen to all kinds of music. I love underground, new music that's popping.
