American,Musician
I think every girl needs to love herself, regardless of anything. Like if you're having a bad day, if you don't like your hair, if you don't have the best family situation, whatever, you have to love yourself and you can't do anything until you love yourself first.
I'm real, and that what you see is what you get with me. I want people to know that I'm just Julianne. I'm not somebody that needs to be put up on a pedestal.
Dancing and acting satisfy me in different ways.
I had a hard time with bullying. I ate lunch in the bathroom.
Adrenaline is the reason I do what I do.
I'm very blessed and I don't take anything for granted.
I think at the end of the day you have to find a balance with what's really important.
I think it's important to be happy before you can make anybody else happy.
There is something so rewarding about dancing. It's almost spiritual - you let loose, you feel free, you get endorphins from the exercise.
I think if you alienate people and just focus on your work then it just becomes lonely and it's not fun anymore.
I'm so lucky that I have a great relationship.
It's the oddest match: Mary J. Blige and Julianne Hough! But we became so close.
I'm just taking it one day at a time. Actually, that's a total lie. I always think about what's in front of me.
My go-to prebikini flat-ab move is the plank, all different types.
Acting is like free therapy! Trying to make people laugh or cry can be inspiring.
I'd get invited to parties, and instead it would be these abandoned houses.
My first dance ever on 'Dancing With the Stars' was to 'Let's Hear it for the Boy.'
It's very cool to be able to say that my first real film was 'Footloose' and my second film I got to star alongside Tom Cruise and Catherine Zeta-Jones.
You have to remember where you came from, and I definitely have enough brothers and sisters to kick me in the butt whenever I get out of line!
I've grown up with country music. I love how real everybody is, not just the artists, but the fans.
I knew if I stayed in London my whole life would be dancing. I'd won almost every major title you can. I thought 'This really isn't my passion. I really want to sing,' and I knew I wouldn't be able to if I stayed there.
I've experienced a lot for someone my age that a lot of people will be able to relate to.
I've always wanted to sing country music.
I try to bring my mascara everywhere because I'm a blonde and you know blondes have really light eyelashes, you always wanna put more and more on 'til they look like spiders, that's just what I do.
Sometimes if I have a big enough purse I'll bring my perfume or something. Right now I really like Beaute, it's by Johan B. and it's really nice, so I like that.
I cannot go to sleep without reading.
