Indian,Musician
Singing is my passion, my first love and the secret of my energy. Music to me is like finding my inner self, my soul. It gives me a great joy to see audiences enjoying with me. I have given my heart to singing. When I sing, I can feel romance in everything around me.
Don't take things too seriously, and just chill.
The worst affected from corruption is the common man.
My music is not just about entertainment. It is about enlightenment also.
I don't follow anything blindly. I have to know the entire thing, if I have to get in to it. It might sound funny to you, but it's like using English language. I use an English word only when I know its meaning and understand its connotation. You won't hear me say, 'What's up, dude' or anything like that just for the heck of it.
When the audience enjoys your performance, you feel like a magician who is doing magic. It's a great feeling!
Nepal is a beautiful country with a lot of holy places. I also like the country because it's close to the Himalayas. According to Hindu mythology, that's the abode of Lord Shiva.
Music is the biggest tool of revolution - the best way to reach out to the youth and involve them. If you can't contribute to the world with your art, I don't see the meaning of life.
Singing is a limitless form of expression, and I love to experiment with my work.
A man with a silver spoon may get his share of supporters, but he can never be an inspiration for somebody! Patience and hard work are the key to every man's success.
For us Indians, I don't think English can ever exude that magic of emotions which our mother tongue can.
My real guru are my experiences in life - the realisation that you are alone in this world came very early to me.
Just like gold, which has to weather very high temperatures to achieve the sheen and shine it finally gets, so also every person has to go through struggles in his life to achieve success.
I play the harmonium. I had learned to use the guitar for a bit before becoming a part of the music industry, but unfortunately didn't pursue it fully. I would love to learn to play the piano because it holds a unique connect for me in terms of rhythm.
I don't listen to Bollywood music much. But yes, I listen to Indian music quite often, and other non- film music.
Money and good life had never been my goal.
What is most amusing and can happen only in India is that the most posh and big households that I've seen in Mumbai, the 'big city', will have their balconies and windows festooned with rows of baniyans and tauliyas hanging on them.
The confidence that we Indians are suddenly infused with while doing something wrong is absolutely commendable.
Music is not a work for me - it's a form of meditation, and you don't need to work hard for it.
I am not a methodical singer. I don't follow any process or rules; what I follow is just my heart - whatever I experience, I just write and then compose it.
Music is everywhere and in everything! I draw my inspiration from the day to day activities of my life!
I have been getting offers from international artistes for collaboration all across the globe, but I prefer to work with Indian artistes.
I have created a new genre. It is a soulful creation that comes straight from my heart.
I am an untrained musician and a common man's singer.
Bollywood is huge. Anything that's made in large quantity will evidently overshadow others. But that won't stop artistes from making albums. A person who has faith in his music will go ahead.
My inspiration comes from the common man and nature.
