American,Musician
My singing is part of me, like my stoutness, or my light hair, or my poor eyesight.
I have personally believed in every product I have ever advertised.
Ice cream was my undoing, and six chocolate milk shakes in a row were nothing to me at one time.
Because of my voice, speaking words which had been carefully chosen, women had used money they had set aside for other purposes to buy war bonds.
This nation loves singing and loves acting.
There's no second chance on stage, and I was trained to make the most of my first chance.
Since I have been singing for so many years, I don't always need to approach a song quite so laboriously and meticulously.
Public and employer opinion often defeat society's best interests with a prejudice against middle-aged women.
Most of the people who act and sing do so for their own pleasure and that of their friends and family.
Middle-aged women have greater stability, they are more loyal, and their capacity for steady work is greater than that of younger women.
Many people submit to excessive appetites without realizing that they do not need to eat so much food.
It's up to the audience. It always has been.
It is important that the audience should understand every syllable of every word, for only then can they grasp the meaning of the song.
It became obvious in 1957 that I was endangering my health by carrying so much weight.
Intelligent analysis of the composer's intention and strict adherence to it automatically ensures sincerity.
In nearly all ballads, the words set the mood and meaning, while the music intensifies or enhances them.
In 29 years, I had recorded over 2,200 songs. I was amazed.
If rock-and-roll is well done, there's nothing so terribly wrong with that kind of music. But the lyrics are another story.
I was always daydreaming about singing in big productions on Broadway.
I vowed that whenever my family needed me, I would give up everything to go to them, no matter what. The show must go on was meaningless to me.
I sometimes get that wonderful sympathy between me and the audience, telling me I've reached their hearts. And when I do, the thrill is mine.
I shall always respect the composer. If I embellish, it is his idea I am embellishing.
I must work hard to make my singing above reproach; there must be no faults which hard work would take care of.
I learn my songs by ear.
I know I'm fat and I know my hair is straight, but I can sing.
I just can't read music.
