British,Musician
You've got to keep things flying.
If you're a good parent, see the changes that are happening in your kids.
Find a good teacher, as I found for my sons. I feel the worst thing you can do is to try and teach your own children yourself, because there is a natural rebellion that occurs.
I was always playing the Hammond Organ back to front even during the days of the Nice, going back to 1968. Really what I was doing there, was choosing notes at random and trying to make some sense of them, improvising back to front.
They were keen for me still to play the piano, which I was going to, but 45 minutes of piano would be extremely boring. I like a bit of light and shade.
I've never written a book before.
There's a clip where he had someone miming me running around from keyboard to keyboard. Oh dear, I am sure a lot of people didn't know what he was going on about.
We'll be presenting a broad spectrum of the music and looking at how the younger guys can carry it on.
The best thing about this band is I'm the leader!
I don't regard myself as a great classical or jazz pianist. I like country music, but I'm not a great player. I just like music. Drums 'n' bass is pretty exciting and I'd love to explore it.
My sons are into German music, but they are into all kinds of music.
I remember that I used to mix with my friends who had brothers and sisters. I was an only child.
I'm proud of my kids, they are doing what they want to do.
I love my mother dearly, but it wouldn't be suitable for me to live with her all the time.
I consider everything I compose a gift.
If we didn't do the tour, it would have been disastrous.
I'm not a rich man, and Greg Lake is certainly not. I don't know how he can survive. I don't know how he can be that suicidal. But having said that, I'd love to be there to help Greg.
I had written movie scores, television series, played with other people. Carl had done the same with Asia, with other bands, everything. We weren't about to entrust Greg automatically with a production credit.
We can all put weight on or lose weight.
I've gone through hell and back.
I guess when Rick is finished with his Journey to the Centre of the Earth, then we might have a go at something. We'd like to, we're open to it, and we've been talking about it.
Next year I'm going to be a guesting soloist with orchestras all over Europe, to start off with.
I don't care who I play to, as long as they enjoy listening to what I play.
If they want a photograph, then just take it.
I've broken my nose, I've broken ribs. You name it. In fact, we just got back from South America, and I fell over a monitor speaker on the stage and almost ended up in the front row of the audience. I managed to sprain my wrist on that one but luckily nothing was broken.
Since this our first show, I think they'll see us sweat a lot.
