American,Musician
Never give up on your dream... because you never know what the Lord can bless you with.
Judge me if you want to. And as a matter of fact, it won't even count, 'cause the only person who can judge is God.
We all come to the point where it's time to get yourself straight, as a businesswoman, a mother, whatever you are in life. It's tough love but it's also being real with yourself. It's important to take those rose-coloured glasses off and see what's going on.
If you don't know your worth, if you don't know your value, if you don't know how fantabulous you are - it's going to be hard for other people to see it. Being appreciative of self is beauty to me.
Honesty, like my mama always says, is always the best policy.
I think the most beautiful thing is that we're not parting because there were problems. We're parting because we're celebrating each others' growth.
We all have different things that we go through in our everyday life, and it's really important to know just at the end of the day, it doesn't matter what you face, you know, that you're going to win at the end of the day. You got to believe in yourself. You got to believe in God, know that He's going to get you through it.
I always hope that my music can inspire someone, the same way other artists inspire me.
When you want something bad enough, you work your butt off for it.
Self-reflection is so healthy. Journaling works for me - when I record the details of what I'm going through, whether it's a relationship issue or negative thoughts, I can look back and see how far I've come. It makes me proud to see my progress and how I got through a bad situation.
Ever since we were little, we were so on fire for our dreams. We never let anyone blow our flames out.
I just love clothes! I'm a girl who loves clothes, accessories, shoes, bags and jewelry.
Don't look at someone else and want to be them. Search within yourself and find out who you are and be someone positive.
Coming into the music industry, even when I was a kid, one thing I learned is timing is everything. You being prepared is everything.
I love doing collaborations - it's always good to do something that's out the box.
I ain't gonna get this, it's a horror movie, it's hard to act scared.
I started crying, because there's nothing like hearing that the artist who originally did the song likes your version.
I'm just steadily building myself up as Kelly Rowland, not just Kelly Rowland of Destiny's Child, which is a blessing to be able to do that.
For right now, it really is the end. Hopefully in 10 years we'll all be married and have babies.
The only thing I really love is Fiji water. That's like the only crazy request - I don't like any other water.
I love a nicely groomed guy who smells good. That's important.
I don't get hit on enough.
Sometimes dirty can come off really cute or come off 'I don't even want you to touch me.'
I want to tell stories and make people feel good. That's when music is at its finest.
I just feel like Brits are honest - period. And that's what I like.
You know how the Beatles broke off - they all did their solo projects and they came back together and they were even stronger!
I made a stamp with Destiny's Child. We made a stamp together, above anything. And making a stamp on my own, I'm very proud.
I actually crashed the car I learned to drive on. It was a friend of mine's car.
I did live over in the U.K. for a while, so I guess I'm just naturally a Brit at heart.
I do sing in the car. I actually sing Britney Spears songs in the car - me and a close friend of mine. She lives in West Palm and I live in Miami, and when we're going back and forth to see each other, we sing: 'Oh, Baby Baby.' We sing all these 1990s songs. We're like two 14-year-old kids just having a good time.
I actually started singing in church when I was about five years old. I remember looking at the choirs and just hearing all of those great big beautiful voices. And there was this one woman who could just wail. And I remember trying to sing like her when I was like going home.
