American,Musician
It's like spicy food - sometimes you have to tone it down so more people can enjoy it.
I would say that I've been lucky. Being blessed and not really ever giving up.
You can find a diamond in the rough a lot of times.
It might be a huge hit, it might not; but you learn something doing it.
The most exciting thing for all of us is movies and movie stars.
I don't necessarily want people to know all my intimate feelings about Tracey.
I could easily not be the person that people know.
The whole process of this record was an education for me as a musician.
When I was in top 40 bands, I always had to learn new material and new styles.
The reality is, some people don't want you to change or go anywhere different.
But a lot of the old fans are listening to a lot of the younger music. So I gotta keep moving forward, and they'll move forward too.
There's artists that I'm working with on a new label of mine. Foxy Nova and Supa Nova.
I still write the same way and have the same perspective.
I usually prepare a track and then I work with the artist when it's time to do the vocals.
I enjoy music that is commercial.
I think that in order for music to be heard in a lot of different situations you have to always consider that.
Commercial music, for the most part, is popular music and you always have to keep that in mind.
I don't go to that many Broadway shows, so I can't really say anything.
I think that whenever there's a good script we try to make that happen, but it's all based off of a good story, a good script, but I don't believe you should do it just because it's African-American.
There are people that bring artists to me to look at it and it's a question of whether I like their music and their look and if I think there's something they have that makes them different and commercial.
I'm continuing to produce and will start a new record soon, as well.
It's about finding great artists and being part of their careers.
The Internet is a whole new world opening up.
Unfortunately, a lot of executives aren't like producers, and can't hear the diamond in the rough.
