American,Musician
When you stand for something, you've got to stand for it all the way, not half way.
True wealth is not of the pocket, but of the heart and of the mind.
I look at other people's lives, and some people feel like they're too old to play with toys. But I still go through the toy section at the store, 'cause there were toys that I wanted when I was little that I couldn't have. So I still get them.
My skin is 24 karat gold when a sun hit it.
Coming up in the streets, I had to learn how to read people early on. I'm a very analytical person. I observe a lot of the things that people don't notice.
I adapt and I adjust to whatever environment I'm in.
Biggie Smalls, Jay-Z, Nas, Eminem, Big L, Tupac. That was, like, my top five, generally.
Life is about conduct and how we conduct ourselves. But two wrongs never make a right.
I never go into a situation with any type of expectations.
I have trouble with letting go. That's my problem.
I'm an introvert somewhat. There could be a room full of people, I'll go stand in the corner.
I suffer from deep depression, so my only release is music.
I really don't pay attention to the outside world when I'm incarcerated, because being in prison is like being in a different world. So I don't pay attention to what's going on outside of jail, because it's all beyond my control.
I don't believe in conspiracy theories. I'm just a cold-blooded investigator.
I don't let the left hand know what the right hand is doing.
I have trust issues with allowing other individuals to know my innermost secrets for fear of how I may be viewed. Everyone has this.
I like being with my family. That's my party.
I could give a flying flip about doing promo because, no disrespect, nobody put me in the position that I'm in.
I don't want no handouts. I want to get it out the mud.
Glory be and praise to God. I didn't do any of this. God did. I don't have a recipe or a blueprint. I prayed for it, and my prayers are continuing to be answered.
I'm a felon. I get pulled over all the time.
I always wanted a family.
I'm never on Twitter. I'm never on Instagram. And that's not by choice: it's just that those things never really interested me. I might post a picture here and there, but that ain't really been my focus.
I used to really love Fiend, but he stopped. He just stopped. Every time he had a project, every project - 'There's One In Every Family,' 'Street Life' - I had to have them. And he just stopped. And that was disappointing, 'cause that was my favorite rapper at one time.
I don't know how the rap game is, because I'm a fan of reality, and the rap game's entertainment.
I always had music growing up, but music was also like a journal. It was like my personal diary or personal journal. A lot of the things I couldn't express to an individual, I would express them in my music.
I don't just listen to rap.
Rap was more of a release for me, a journal.
I was born in Earl K. Long Hospital. I was born Feb. 5th, 1986. I have a lot of family members. My grandmother had five girls, and all of them had children. It was always a house full. A lot of cousins. A lot of family members.
In 7th grade, I believe, I wrote my first rap song. It was about everything I was seeing, everything that was going on around me.
What I see, what I went through, what a friend of mine may have went through, whatever - I rap about it.
I like Peter Tosh, Bob Marley of course. All of Capleton, Sizzla, Frisco Kid, Buju Banton.
I have a cult-like following because I exemplify what it is to be a human being.
I'm not afraid to make mistakes.
I put my flaws on front street. So the world accepted my flaws, so I don't have any flaws.
Sometimes I feel like being an intellectual. Sometimes I like to just be aggressive and all the way in my feelings. Sometimes I might be emotional, or sometimes I might drag on the track and be lazy. I just like to share the different states of existence of Kevin Gates with the rest of the world.
I don't sleep much. I don't sleep much - I work, I work, I work.
I don't really like talking. I like to execute. I'm not a talking person. I'm an action person.
Prison was the best thing that ever happened to me.
When you're in prison, you want to know that you were thought about.
Let me tell you something about Tunechi - about that boy. That boy comes to the studio every day and grind as if he doesn't have a dollar in his pocket.
