American,Musician
Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail.
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
I support gay marriage. I believe they have a right to be as miserable as the rest of us.
If Willie Nelson had been Rosa Parks, there never would have been a civil rights movement in this country, because he refuses to leave the back of the bus.
A happy childhood... is the worst possible preparation for life.
I never apologize for the truth. And the truth here is that racists come in many different colors.
May the God of your choice bless and keep you. I respect Him as long as He does not circumcise me anymore.
I have a better head of hair than Rick Perry; it's just not in a place I can show you.
The only currency I value is the coin of the spirit. That's very important in my life.
You struggle with your demons and you conquer them.
Remember: Y'all is singular. All y'all is plural. All y'all's is plural possessive.
The Democrats and Republicans are the same guy admiring themself in the mirror.
We've had to be creative to get on the ballot.
I just want Texas to be number one in something other than executions, toll roads and property taxes.
Well, I just said that Jesus and I were both Jewish and that neither of us ever had a job, we never had a home, we never married and we traveled around the countryside irritating people.
I don't apologize to people who try to intimidate.
We've got to clear some of the room out of the prisons so we can put the bad guys in there, like the pedophiles and the politicians.
I admit to drinking it, but I did not swallow.
I'm too young for Medicare and too old for women to care.
Yes, I'm a Judeo-Christian. Jesus and Moses are in my heart, and... both of them were independents, by the way.
I don't remember the first half of my life. All I say is a happy childhood is the worst possible preparation for life.
Musicians can run this state better than politicians. We won't get a lot done in the mornings, but we'll work late and be honest.
I've always said money may buy you a fine dog, but only love can make it wag its tail.
You have to pretend that your life is a financial pleasure even when your autographs are bouncing.
I even went so far as to become a Southern Baptist for a while, until I realized that they didn't hold 'em under long enough.
If you ain't Texan, I ain't got time for you.
