American,Musician
I love really good food and I don't ever want to spend too much for it, but I like hanging out and having really good, tasty, interesting food.
I am really laid back and kind of go-with-the-flow, but I will never do anything that I don't believe in.
I love going to Africa and stuff. I love going anywhere, really, but I've been to Africa a bunch of times and it's just a beautiful place that needs help, obviously, but helping people that are really thankful is really easy to do. And the people out there always seem so thankful.
It would be fun to write with Adele, actually. She seems like a fun girl to write with.
Arkansas is really, really nice. It's got the nature feel.
I love pop music, but I love pop music that does something a little bit different.
When you're on tour, you're trying to get the crowd involved and really sing and perform to them. When you're going to write and be in the studio, it's like, 'Now I have to think about me.' That's the mind-set you have to work with.
Michael Jackson was the biggest star the world has ever seen - he put so much into everything; a lot of attention to detail. I want to do that. I want to pay that kind of attention to detail in everything - in music, visually - all of that.
II know very, very little about the ukulele, but I actually grew up playing the viola from 4th grade through high school.
Music has always been a part of my life.
I would love to just talk to Paul McCartney. That would be incredible, but that is definitely like a dream.
Someone asked me a while back, 'Why do artists always write about love?' And I was like, 'Love is the coolest thing that's ever happened in the world.'
I'm a huge fan of music in schools and music education because that's how I grew up.
Well, when you're recording an album, artists have what they feel like is good music, and the label, they're trying to sell the album. So those two ideas clash sometimes, but in the end it always works out. When you put the two together, that's a good thing.
When you write an album and you're writing about relationships, the stuff that I've been through in my relationships, 99 percent of it is really good, but it's that one percent that always inspires you to write a song.
Jive has been really, really good to me.
I've always been a procrastinator.
I am a huge sports fan.
I'm not a man of many words, I'm not very expressive or emotional, but it comes out in my music.
I love any kind of candy.
My favorite TV show ever is 'Boy Meets World,' and my favorite movie is 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off.'
For me, my guilty pleasure is that if I don't want to do anything one day, I won't. I'll just sit around, not shower, hardly even eat, and just watch TV.
I'm just going to go out there, and if people want to put me on the front of their magazine or whatever, that's fine. If they don't, that's fine as well. I'm just going to go out there and make my music.
I tell people this: It's hard to write about walking in the park, but it's easy to write about a breakup.
Journaling is something that I've always tried to get into.
I say the stupidest stuff, all the time, off of Twitter, and so I think Twitter is good way for people to get to know the stupid side of me.
