American,Musician
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
The duty of youth is to challenge corruption.
The sun is gone, but I have a light.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
Rather be dead than cool.
Drugs are a waste of time. They destroy your memory and your self-respect and everything that goes along with with your self-esteem. They're no good at all.
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head.
If you die you're completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. I'm not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I've got.
I never wanted to sing. I just wanted to play rhythm guitar - hide in the back and just play.
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail!
I really haven't had that exciting of a life. There are a lot of things I wish I would have done, instead of just sitting around and complaining about having a boring life. So I pretty much like to make it up. I'd rather tell a story about somebody else.
I like to complain and do nothing to make things better.
Punk is musical freedom. It's saying, doing and playing what you want. In Webster's terms, 'nirvana' means freedom from pain, suffering and the external world, and that's pretty close to my definition of Punk Rock.
It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings.
The worst crime is faking it.
I was looking for something a lot heavier, yet melodic at the same time. Something different from heavy metal, a different attitude.
I'm not well-read, but when I read, I read well.
I really miss being able to blend in with people.
Throughout my life, I've always been really close with girls and made friends with girls. And I've always been a really sickly, feminine person anyhow, so I thought I was gay for a while because I didn't find any of the girls in my high school attractive at all.
I've never been a very prolific person, so when creativity flows, it flows. I find myself scribbling on little notepads and pieces of loose paper, which results in a very small portion of my writings to ever show up in true form.
There's nothing better than having a baby. I've always loved children. I used to work summers at the YMCA and be in charge of, like, 30 preschool kids. I knew that when I had a child, I'd be overwhelmed, and it's true... I can't tell you how much my attitude has changed since we've got Frances. Holding my baby is the best drug in the world.
We have no right to express an opinion until we know all of the answers.
I've had this terrible stomach problem for years, and that has made touring difficult. People would see me sitting in the corner by myself looking sick and gloomy. The reason is that I was trying to fight against the stomach pain, trying to hold my food down. People looked me and assumed I was some kind of addict.
I like to make people feel happy and superior in their reaction towards my appearance.
I'm a spokesman for myself. It just so happens that there's a bunch of people that are concerned with what I have to say. I find that frightening at times because I'm just as confused as most people. I don't have the answers for anything.
We're so trendy we can't even escape ourselves.
I won't eat anything green.
My mother encouraged me to be artistic. It was written in a contract at an early age that I would be an artist.
I've always had a problem with the average macho man - they've always been a threat to me.
I own a '66 Jaguar. That's the guitar I polish, and baby - I refuse to let anyone touch it when I jump into the crowd.
Ever since the beginning of rock and roll, there's been an Axl Rose. And it's just boring. It's totally boring to me.
My songs have always been frustrating themes, relationships that I've had. And now that I'm in love, I expect it to be really happy, or at least there won't be half as much anger as there was.
Sometimes I wish I had taken the Bob Dylan route and sang songs where my voice would not go out on me every night, so I could have a career if I wanted.
I've never considered musical equipment very sacred.
I like guitars in the Fender style because they have skinny necks.
When I heard the Pixies for the first time, I connected with that band so heavily I should have been in that band - or at least in a Pixies cover band.
I wanted to be in a punk band before I had even heard any punk music.
I'm really interested in smells. I think I'd like to own a perfumery someday.
