American,Musician
I'm proud of my curves, my daughter, as well as the harsh past that helped shape me into the strong woman I am today.
Now I'm going to show a side of me I haven't shown before. I'm going to be fierce.
People say a lot of hurtful things, but in a way, the abuse that I endured from my husband prepared me for that. The things I had been told and drilled into my head from him were worse than what anybody could say to me.
The reaction that I got from 'Diamonds' I would have expected to get from 'House of the Rising Sun' or one of the other songs.
When people ask me a personal question, I answer it in a personal way. I can only speak from the footsteps and the shoes that I've walked in.
I stay true to myself, my daughter. I just remember where I came from - I remember what I'm coming from - and then I remember why I do what I do.
I learned that sometimes our struggles are a little bit bigger than us and talking about them and coming through and having the courage to get out of them. I learned how many I touched and inspired through the journey of 'Idol' because I was just singing on the show. I wasn't really being an advocate for anything.
Anyone is welcome to hang out with me and have fun or sit down with me and talk. I don't discriminate against anyone. And I don't condone hating someone or treating them badly because they live differently than I do.
Everybody is a human being. We should be able to coexist with one another.
Some people believe they chose homosexuality, and some believe they didn't. Who's to say one is wrong? It's not fair to generalize anyone's sexuality or walk of life.
We don't have to have the same truths or personal belief systems to love one another and get along.
This is how I feel about the LGBT community: they are people just like us.
A lot of people I guess, well, some people change when they get in spotlights and everything, but you can take the girl out of Mississippi, but you can't take Mississippi out the girl!
I have never spoken for anyone but myself.
A lot of people behind the scenes were telling me that I was going to have to do something with my hair, my weight, all of that stuff.
Labels, boxes, and politically correct terminology all seem small and irrelevant when being compared to the violent and brutal attacks on the lives of people who are different than what society says we should be.
A lot of the former Idols were voting for me, and that makes me feel really good.
First time I sang, I was singing Alicia Keys in the bathroom of my mom's beauty shop. I was six.
Growing up, Tina Turner was definitely one of my influences, and, um, I take things from different artists, and I put them in my music, and I put them in my persona and my - they help me form into the artist that I am, so - for people to actually hear that come through the music is exciting.
My fans are so loving and encouraging. They're with me on good days and bad days.
I don't want to come off as one of those artists that's not down to earth and real.
To be honest, if it wasn't for my daughter, I don't think I would have gotten out of the situation that I was in before 'Idol' because I am a domestic violence survivor.
A lot of fans have been requesting that in-your-face song, a sense of feeling empowered. And 'Good Woman' is that: a relatable song celebrating the good woman. I'm also really proud of the third verse, which I wrote.
I had a high school sweetheart that was my first. We were together all through high school. I had just broken up with him because I didn't think I was good enough. He wanted to be an anesthesiologist. I wanted to be an entertainer. His life was more planned out, and mine wasn't.
My ex-husband didn't like my singing. He didn't like my hair. He hated my eyes. Everything. Everything he complimented me on when we first met, he just hated.
I have always been a reserved and conservative person.
I want to bring that old soul back, the meaningful lyrics and all of that. And I can't think of a better way to do that than through Motown.
Today, not to take away from any of the present artists, but music has gotten a little shallow, in my opinion. Everybody's talking about the same thing: sex, money, clothes, cheating... I want to open up not necessarily better conversations, but, in my opinion, more important ones, and touch on things that are actually going on.
I can't wait to meet Jennifer Hudson, Tamyra Gray, George Huff, Ruben Studdard, and I love me some Clay Aiken.
My parents got to see all my hard work pay off.
My mom hates being on camera. My dad loves it - he eats it up!
