Canadian,Musician
There is a crack in everything, that's how the light gets in.
Music is the emotional life of most people.
I like life on the road. It's a lot easier than civilian life. You kind of feel like you're in a motorcycle gang.
Act the way you'd like to be and soon you'll be the way you act.
This world is full of conflicts and full of things that cannot be reconciled. But there are moments when we can... reconcile and embrace the whole mess, and that's what I mean by 'Hallelujah.'
I don't really understand that process called reincarnation but if there is such a thing I'd like to come back as my daughter's dog.
I don't consider myself a pessimist. I think of a pessimist as someone who is waiting for it to rain. And I feel soaked to the skin.
When things get really bad, just raise your glass and stamp your feet and do a little jig. That's about all you can do.
Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash.
Most of the time one is discouraged by the work, but now and again by some grace something stands out and invites you to work on it, to elaborate it or animate it in some way. It's a mysterious process.
When you stop thinking about yourself all the time, a certain sense of repose overtakes you.
As I approach the end of my life, I have even less and less interest in examining what have got to be very superficial evaluations or opinions about the significance of one's life or one's work. I was never given to it when I was healthy, and I am less given to it now.
If I knew where the good songs came from, I'd go there more often.
I have a deep tribal sense. I grew up in a synagogue that my ancestors built. I sat in the third row. My family was decent. They were good people; they were handshake people. So I never had a sense of rebellion.
The older I get, the surer I am that I'm not running the show.
I think the term poet is a very exalted term and should be applied to a man at the end of his work. When he looks back over the body of his work and he's written poetry then let the verdict be that he's a poet.
In dreams the truth is learned that all good works are done in the absence of a caress.
The last refuge of the insomniac is a sense of superiority to the sleeping world.
We're always experiencing joy or sadness. But there are lots of people who've closed down. And there are times in one's life when one has to close down just to regroup.
Children show scars like medals. Lovers use them as secrets to reveal. A scar is what happens when the word is made flesh.
Journalists, especially English journalists, were very cruel to me. They said I only knew three chords when I knew five!
Success is survival.
I speak of a clinical depression that is the background of your entire life, a background of anguish and anxiety, a sense that nothing goes well, that pleasure is unavailable and all your strategies collapse.
At a certain point, if you still have your marbles and are not faced with serious financial challenges, you have a chance to put your house in order. It's a cliche, but it's underestimated as an analgesic on all levels. Putting your house in order, if you can do it, is one of the most comforting activities, and the benefits of it are incalculable.
This is the most challenging activity that humans get into, which is love. You know, where we have the sense that we can't live without love. That life has very little meaning without love.
My mind was always very cluttered, so I took great pains to simplify my environment, because if my environment were half as cluttered as my mind, I wouldn't be able to make it from room to room.
I had girlfriends who really irritated me by their devotion to the Beatles. I didn't begrudge them their interest, and there were songs like 'Hey Jude' that I could appreciate. But they didn't seem to be essential to the kind of nourishment that I craved.
I never had huge amounts of money when I was young. I had huge amounts of fame, and I always had the sense of labor and recompense. I always said I don't want to work for pay, but I want to get paid for my song.
I don't have any sense or urgency about any of my writing, actually. I don't think mankind will be damaged if I don't put out a new album or a new book.
Torah values are the ones that inform my life.
We used to play music for fun. Much more than now. Now nobody picks up a guitar unless they're paid for it.
Out of the thousands who are known or who want to be known as poets, maybe one or two are genuine and the rest are fakes, hanging around the sacred precincts, trying to look like the real thing.
A woman watches her body uneasily, as though it were an unreliable ally in the battle for love.
To every people the land is given on condition. Perceived or not, there is a Covenant, beyond the constitution, beyond sovereign guarantee, beyond the nation's sweetest dreams of itself.
Any startling piece of work has a subversive element in it, a delicious element often. Subversion is only disagreeable when it manifests in political or social activity.
I always considered myself a minor writer. My province is small, and I try to explore it very, very thoroughly.
I never really liked poetry readings; I liked to read poetry by myself, but I liked singing, chanting my lyrics to this jazz group.
I read with some amusement my reputation as a ladies' man. My friends are amused by that, too, because they know my life.
My sense of proprietorship has been so weak that actually I didn't pay attention and I lost the copyrights on a lot of the songs.
Well, for one thing, in the tradition of Zen that I've practiced, there is no prayerful worship and there is no affirmation of a deity.
I had the title poet, and maybe I was one for a while. Also, the title singer was kindly accorded me, even though I could barely carry a tune.
I always thought that poetry is the verdict that others give to a certain kind of writing. So to call yourself a poet is a kind of dangerous description. It's for others; it's for others to use.
And I had not much of a voice. I didn't play that great guitar either.
As a young man, Yeats spoke to me in a way I could understand. Shakespeare I couldn't understand, but Yeats I could. It was his subject matter and also I really admired the way he put his personal life on the line.
I always felt I was scraping the bottom of the barrel trying to get a song together.
Women stand for the objective world for a man. They stand for the thing that you're not and that's what you always reach for in a song.
As we make our way toward the finish line that some of us have already crossed, I never thought I'd get a Grammy Award. In fact, I was always touched by the modesty of their interest.
I had a very messianic childhood.
I've got beautiful reviews for all my books, and I'm very well thought of in the tiny circles that know me, but I'm really starving.
You can keep the body as well-oiled and receptive as possible, but whether you're actually going to be able to go for the long haul is really not your own choice.
The fact that my songs take a long time to write is no guarantee of their excellence.
All of my writing has guitars behind it, even the novels.
I continually blacken pages and scribble away, so I always have a number of songs that are half-finished.
