American,Musician
If you give it good concentration, good energy, good heart and good performance, the song will play you.
I was in high school, trying to get out of high school. The only thing slowing me up was grades.
Good times don't last long sometimes.
Drums just always sounded like the most fun part of that good music for me.
If you pour some music on whatever's wrong, it'll sure help out.
I don't think I'm a millionaire, but I'm comfortable.
Drums usually seem to tune themselves.
Anytime I switch to another instrument, I immediately turn it into another kind of drum so that I can understand it better.
Forever Young, by Dylan, is one of my favorite songs.
The rock star stuff never came up for us. The Band was never attacked by groupies before, during or after any show that we ever played.
We all love musical architecture; there's no doubt about that.
You got to pick one - pay your medical bills or pay the mortgage. Most people can't do both, and I'm no different.
A friend of mine took me to Memphis advised me that I should get in the musicians' union. He gave me a set of drums and said, Stay on the job, son.
By the time The Band did The Last Waltz, the chemistry had changed, and it wasn't a thrill anymore to live that studio kind of life.
Conway Twitty was always our local hero while I was growing up. He had a series of good bands. I wanted to sit in, if Conway would let me. And he did a couple of times.
Dad and mom would have preferred that I be a doctor, a lawyer, a scientist, or a great humanitarian.
Don't we all want what's best for each other?
I don't fool with a lot of things that I can't have fun with. There's not much reward in that.
I like to get within handshaking distance of the crowd. If it happens, they know it, we know it, and that's all we came here for.
I like walking on the edge.
I love horns, and the bigger the band, the better it sounds to my ear.
I never subscribe to the stay-at-home policy. I'm not sick of the road or sick of eating in good restaurants around the country. I like to travel.
I played some Yamaha drums that I like a lot. And I like the Yamaha people a lot too. They've been really nice to me and The Band.
I've had all the lessons I could get. I've learned from everybody I've ever met.
If things are going slow, I'm itchy.
If you feel like you're getting into a rut with a song, a night off usually fixes it.
