British,Musician
Everyone knows that if you've got a brother, you're going to fight.
I live for now, not for what happens after I die.
I'm into the girls fancying me and stuff, mad for it.
There's no rules. Show me the rule book.
I was walking along and this chair came flying past me, and another, and another, and I thought, man, is this gonna be a good night.
Americans want grungy people, stabbing themselves in the head on stage. They get a bright bunch like us, with deodorant on, they don't get it.
Discipline? I don't know the meaning of the word.
You've seen one of the our gigs you've seen 'em all. But if you're into the music, you'll know that we played better the night before or we can play better.
I am a tender, beautiful and loving guy that happens to slap a photographer now and then because they get in my way.
It's about the music and that's it. I'm not an entertainer. But I do entertain people, see what I mean?
Lennon was right. And we are bigger than Jesus. We will be as big as the Beatles, if not bigger.
I'm not looking for guidance.
My favorite album would have to be something from The Beatles.
Being a lad is what I'm about.
If I like something, I get it and I put it on.
New York is my favorite city in the world.
I've got to be by trees, otherwise I get claustrophobic.
I didn't always want to be a dad.
I refuse to dance. And I can't dance anyway. I'm not in a band for that.
She can't even chew gum and walk in a straight line, let alone write a book.
I need them, need them to give me a kick up the arse. Otherwise I'd just be sat-in getting fat, counting me money. It's good people living on your doorstep and looking through your bins. Gives you energy.
I'm not going around touring the U.S. when I've got nowhere to live.
I don't know what any of my songs are about. I don't sit down to write about anything. They're about whatever you want. I don't pick subjects. I just start.
I find words really hard.
I don't like jeans with holes in 'em. I like 'em faded.
I want to be in the best band in the world again.
