American,Musician
I was quite the spoiled brat. I have quite a temper, obviously inherited from my father, and I became very good at ordering everyone around. I was the princess; the staff were absolutely terrified of me.
You are always learning; there is a lot of grey; don't take things for granted.
If I'm alone too long I think too much, and I'm not interested in doing that. That won't lead anywhere good, I'm sure. If I'm busy I tend to stay out of trouble. An idle mind is the devil's playground.
I would describe my aesthetic as definitely personal and harmonious with an eclectic yet bohemian sensibility.
I'm a hypochondriac. Yesterday it was brain damage from the vodka the night before. Today, heart attack - my arm and chest started hurting at the same time.
I dropped out of school in the 11th grade because there was no purpose in it for me. I'm not proud of this, and I'm not trying to promote it.
I think people think I'm harder and more arrogant and cocky than I am - because I know how to put on a front, but it's nothing like who I am inside.
I have a tendency to kick it up. I like to rattle the cage.
I'll say it loud and say it proud. I'm completely insane.
How many people have a family grave in the backyard? I'm sure I'll end up there, or I'll shrink my head and put it in a glass box in the living room. I'll get more tourists to Graceland that way.
I don't do yoga. I bite the hella outta my nails. I smoke, I eat all the wrong food, I don't exercise.
With a lot of hair and make-up then I'm possibly, remotely attractive. But it's rare, I don't think I'm ugly but I'm nothing particularly special. I'm not a yoga and health girl. I don't exercise that much and I eat crap and smoke and bite my nails.
I'm more of a tomboy than anything and then you see your name on these Top 50 Most Beautiful People lists and you're like, 'What?'
I think I've failed every test I've ever taken. If there was a failure I would have been it.
Being Elvis Presley's daughter is a whole lot of pressure. It's been a constant burden in my life.
I don't deal well with admiration if it's for something I haven't done. Other than exist.
I've been chased through airports with a screaming baby because the photographers are ruthless, and they want the picture.
I'm not doing this to be a pop star. I've had plenty of money and attention. I'm doing it for credibility.
I'm just not interested in selling out to get on the charts and make people happy.
I'm trying to have my own thing, and I don't know if it's even possible. I didn't realize so many people actually think I'm trying to be like my dad. I read comments like 'She's no Elvis.' I'm not trying to be. I never set out to be.
Mostly singing was cathartic, writing was cathartic, therapeutic. I don't think I had a goal, particularly, to sing or put it out there for anybody.
I really went back through a lot of the dark corridors of my life in this. I wanted people to know who I am based on my music, not on what they read in the tabloids.
I wanted to come through with my own voice and, hopefully, have it affect people. I want people to know that I'm not an Elvis impersonator.
I do like to write nasty songs. It's a useful weapon to have, and it's cathartic as well, because I create art out of anger, something positive out of something negative.
Music has always gotten me through life, particularly honest, real music.
I never not wanted to be a singer. Since I was 3, I knew this was what I wanted to do. Well, I can't say I wanted to do it, but I fantasized and thought about it all the time. I never thought it would actually happen.
When I write, it's purging for me. It's a therapeutic process.
I take a situation, analyse it, break it down, put it in the form I want it to be in, and then I toss it away. Let somebody else go deal with it.
Something happens to people around fame and power and money - it can bring out the worst and best in people; it's a monster you have to tame.
People that were in my life for a long time turned sinister and tried to control me, and all kinds of weird stuff happened. But there was no conscience involved; that threw me more than anything.
I went through a huge transition in my life where everything and everyone I knew and trusted didn't turn out to be that way.
I have loved music so much from when I was little, and I don't know whether it was because I saw my dad doing it and then I got the idea; I don't know what came first... But I always had a hairbrush in the mirror singing. I was always with him backstage; I would go out and be pulled in for the last song.
I have always been a singer/songwriter, and I was pushed in places I didn't want to do, like pop or top forty. I don't belong there.
I want to write, I want to sing. I want to do the same thing for others, have my music, hopefully do that for others one day, not realizing what I sort of had to climb. I had an idea a little bit, but I think that I underestimated the whole thing.
I don't think that I'm a top 40 artist in any way. So I don't think I'm that mainstream.
I work because I think that I wouldn't feel good about myself unless I was contributing.
I always loved singing and writing poetry. I always loved music, and I've loved writing my whole life. When I put them together, it was probably in my early 20s where I put words to music for the first time.
I was always writing music anyway. I just sort of fell into it. Writing for me is a therapeutic process.
I think having kids just makes you want to do things to help people. You have children, and you see how fragile and innocent and helpless they are when they first start out. If they are going to be a victim of whatever they are surrounded by, I just do everything I can to try to make whatever change I can.
I'm one of those people that, if I hear about something happening, I go crazy. I want to go help.
