American,Musician
Stay focused, go after your dreams and keep moving toward your goals.
When adversity strikes, that's when you have to be the most calm. Take a step back, stay strong, stay grounded and press on.
Once you achieve one goal, you should be looking forward to trying to build onto the next thing, and not just getting comfortable with what you're doing.
I am what I am, I'm doing very well in my life, and I'm thankful to God for that.
I think fitness is important. I think a healthy lifestyle is important. I think putting positive energy out there is important and just staying connected with the people.
Stand up and face your fears, or they will defeat you.
Sometimes you've just got to grab an apple - or grapes, or strawberries. Something that's healthy but maybe a little bit more adventurous, if you can see fruit as adventurous.
I'm not trying to be new school and I'm not old school - I'm classic. There's a lot of new cars and there's a lot of old cars, but I'm just classic in doing what I do.
Dreams don't have deadlines. I'm thinking of doing bigger and better things and having more fun with it.
Our world is at the crossroads. We have a choice, right and wrong.
You have to always continue to strive no matter how hard things get, no matter how troubled you feel. No matter how tough things get, no matter how many times you lose, you keep trying to win.
Do what you love; you'll be better at it. It sounds pretty simple, but you'd be surprised how many people don't get this one right away.
Once the referee throws the ball in the air, it's either your ball or their ball and you have to just take your shot.
I try to do the right thing with money. Save a dollar here and there, clip some coupons. Buy ten gold chains instead of 20. Four summer homes instead of eight.
I am a real person that cares about his art and cares about what he's doing - I have a heart and a soul and want to touch people and give.
I'm not giving up my history and what I've done in my music because I love it and I'm very proud of it. I just want to open it up for more people.
You don't need to be the good guy to get a good message out.
I don't look back. I don't live my life in the rear-view mirror because, if you do, you're bound to end up wrapped around a pole somewhere.
Hip-hop's always reached out to kids. If you look at the last 10 big albums it might seem ironic. But when I look at the history of this music it's always had a lot of positivity.
If you do cardio one day and the next day you can do weights, do it that way. If you need to do it at night or in the morning, do it that way. Whatever you need to get it done, just get it done.
You've got to stay focused without being boring - because all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. Skinny, but dull.
You can't let your past hold your future hostage.
As a black man, my hope is that I can touch more and more people all over the world of different races and different colours.
I'm good at what I do, but I wouldn't be so bold and arrogant as to say something disrespectful about, say, Eminem. He's talented and he's good at what he does.
What is more important than the name is that people know that I really like acting, I enjoy it and I want people to know that I am serious. The name thing: I will always be L.L. Cool J.
Nobody is perfect, but life is about choices.
I am artistic so I reserve the right to change my mind at any point. I just like to do different things. What is more important than the name is that people know that I really like acting, I enjoy it and I want people to know that I am serious.
The people who go get an LL album want to hear LL. They don't want to hear LL trying to sound like DMX or whoever else is out there. That's not what they want to hear from me, because if they want to hear that they can go get the real thing.
I don't wanna abandon my identity as LL Cool J, but at the same time, I had to figure out how to let people know that I'm really serious about making these movies.
I've been training as an actor for six years. Nobody goes to acting school for six years. I mean, the college course is only four years! I absolutely trained.
The person that made me want to make movies, and the reason I do films, is Bruce Lee. He was an incredible actor, and he had a lot of charisma. Handsome, action, you know, everything was there. I loved Bruce Lee.
I think in order to keep America great, we have to keep America creative.
We need to make sure that there's art in the school. Why? Why should art be in the school? Because if art isn't in a school, then a guy like Steve Jobs doesn't get a chance to really express himself because in order for art to meet technology, you need art.
To know the rules of the game, you have to be educated.
I'm a real person that cares about his art and cares about what he's doing. I have a heart and a soul and I want to touch people and give.
Timing has a lot to with art.
I think the key to working out is for people to think of water - just allow the workouts to fill out the cracks in your lives and seep into wherever you can fit it in.
I think when you move past your fear and you go after your dreams wholeheartedly, you become free. Know what I'm saying? Move past the fear.
I don't have an image that I'm trying to, like, portray. I'm just being me.
Let me tell you something - compared to a TV-drama production schedule, touring is not strenuous.
What I say on a record and what I say off a record is two different things. And that's always been the case. There's a difference between confidence on a record and arrogance.
To me, my peers are Bruce Springsteen and Mick Jagger. I'm not talking age-wise, but in terms of careers. Madonna. Those are my peers. And I'm okay with that.
Art is about imagination. When you look at a picture from Salvador Dali, that's about imagination. When you look at Picasso, that's about imagination. Doing stuff from your heart.
What you do in your art - TV, music, film stuff - touches people. And they want to touch you. So that's a blessing. I'm okay with it.
I think the stuff that plays on the radio, the majority of it is for teenagers, which is okay. That's what pop radio is about. And some of it is great, and some of it is not.
I love my fans, I love my music - I have no reason to retire.
God blesses us all with different views and perspectives and levels of influence and power.
