American,Musician
The future is finally something that we can now put into focus.
Five years ago we were working on a new album when my health began failing.
I went in for an operation to remove a brain tumor.
For the next three plus years, I really was not in creative shape. That part of my brain was not functioning.
When we finish this tour we are going to begin writing and go into the studio to hopefully have a brand new Foreigner album out in early spring next year. This will be the first Foreigner album out in about ten years.
You have to work with the ideas and give them a little push.
If you had a record company believing in you enough to cut an album then you had better have the ability to work the album on the road.
After the accident Black Sheep was pretty much at an end.
I had my own musical ideas that Mick helped me with as well.
It was kind of fun being the headliners.
Without getting real personal, we liked our bass player Ed. He was a great guy and he was a good bass player but his playing was suited for a different style of band.
It was really terrific but Foreigner was nothing like Yes and that style did not suit our music.
I am starting to look like and perform like the Lou that I used to be.
Beginning to create again was something that I took for granted but I never will take it for granted again.
Regardless what technology is, I like analog too.
I was a drummer, and I did a little singing too.
It's only in the seventies that I put the sticks down and I moved to the front.
A lot of times Mick will play me different things, or I'll listen to a cassette, and out of twenty ideas or whatever, I'll find two or three that are just blowing me away, and we'll start working on them right away.
I think we are looked upon as a veteran band.
Maybe some people have written us off, but I think the new music today has also invigorated us.
I gave my life to Christ about 1991.
I find singing some of Foreigner's older songs are a little reckless and not exactly who I am now.
As long as I continue to put forth who I am and what I believe, than I think it all balances out.
We put out press releases to tell people what had happened to me and that I had a large weight gain but a lot of people still didn't know. The ones that didn't know were floored. That was a real humbling experience for me.
It was a little at a time but I broke out my Walkman and my lyric pad and started writing.
In those days it was pretty cut and dry. If you had a record company believing in you enough to cut an album then you had better have the ability to work the album on the road.
