British,Musician
New Zealand was one of the most beautiful countries to drive through for the scenery and the vast scale of the place.
As much as we love being sociable on holiday, part of me craves the idea of being away, staying in a hut on the beach, and maybe not seeing anyone for days apart from Jamie and the boys.
I'll teach my kids right from wrong, but I'm never going to teach them that they can't have fun. They'll make mistakes; they'll do things they regret, like we all have.
I love Spanish cities, particularly Barcelona, Madrid and Palma, which has the most amazing cathedral that I once went to for a wedding.
Growing up, I was never the kind of girl to dream about wedding dresses and pretty houses.
I know people who've had a nose job, and they've walked out feeling a million dollars, and their confidence is tenfold. Good on them! Natural beauty comes in all different shapes and sizes, but if you think surgery would right something you have a problem with, then why shouldn't you do it?
Your soulmate doesn't just mean your husband or your boyfriend. I have friends in my life who I believe I was meant to meet and be a part of.
There's nothing worse than looking as if you've tried too hard or preened to within an inch of your life. If I'm wearing a strong item like a really beautiful dress, then I'll play down my shoes and accessories and make my hair really natural.
By the way, you won't put that thing in about me wanting to have sex on a football pitch, will you?
When I'm up on stage, I don't think about anything except the song I'm singing. Anyway, the majority of my audience is female, and I can't think that many of them want to see me a French maid outfit somehow!
I'm a big fan of Tony Blair. I'm not saying that I think his judgment has always been right, but I look at him as a person.
I'm not somebody who likes to show off my cleavage, and I don't dress up for the papers.
I suppose I try to dress for women like me, women I would look at and think, 'Ah, she looks cool, she looks nice'. You kind of get to an age when you know what suits you.
I would be upset if I was on the 'worst dressed'. It would make me think, 'Surely I haven't done anything that horrific - have I?'
I love Stella McCartney because she's timeless and classic, and I love Isabel Marant for wearability - you don't need 'an occasion' for her clothes.
Our life may look glamorous, but we scream at the kids, and I have to tell Jamie to tidy up if we have guests coming over.
I don't get involved in football! I haven't got a sporty bone in my body.
Age is just a number, and I know so many women who look fabulous at 40, 50 and 60 so it doesn't scare me. It's inevitable - I will get older, and the wrinkles will come, but I'm not that bothered.
I don't feel body confident at all! Anything but, actually.
What works for me is a little bit of training and sensible eating. You know, the Cameron Diaz's of the world put a lot of effort into it! But you can't have it all - I like going out for dinner with my husband; I like meeting my mates at Starbucks!
I don't believe in lots of face creams; I think your skin should work for itself. Your natural oils look after your skin, so I just use a simple face wash.
All my friends are girls. I just prefer the company of women.
I hate sport. I like girlie things.
The footballers' wives I know, they're teachers, midwives. They want to do something useful. One is working at my son's nursery, on her hands and knees, in Converse and jeans, teaching kids to count.
I own some Victoria Beckham dresses; they make me feel great.
After having your first child, it's a massive shock to the system. I work in an industry where people judge you and the way you look, and you always want to put your best foot forward when you can.
People ask me whether I'd like another child, and it is difficult to answer, as I am so happy with the two I have.
I think wearing less makeup can seem a bit scary for some women because we get so used to seeing ourselves look a certain way.
The problem with being in the public eye for a long time is there are 20 years worth of looks to come back and haunt you!
I really believe less is more. When you get older, too much makeup can be ageing, and when you're young, you should enjoy the fact your skin is free from lines and wrinkles rather than overloading it with products.
The thought of a spa treatment is lovely, but I'd be lying there having a massage and worrying about how much I had to do. I'm not very good at relaxing!
I have a good shopping relationship with my mum. She lets me buy, and she spectates. I take advice from her, and I give it, too.
The thing about dads is, even when they're very good, they don't do anything like as much as most mums do.
My business partner and make-up artist Kim Jacob and I have employed every member of staff, decided where every desk in the office should go, tried every product on our faces.
I love fashion, but I do it in a really laid-back way. I'd much rather be underdressed than overdressed.
I've always loved Helena Christensen's style because she looks casual and comfortable, while being chic and cool.
My wardrobe staple is simple shirt dresses. They never date, and you can put them with a heel or a flat sandal.
