American,Musician
I have had to come to terms with wearing glasses.
I'm going to have my moody times.
I'm just like everyone. I like to feel togetherness with someone.
I love Emmylou Harris's version of my song, 'Sweet Old World.' Her intonation is great.
First thing, I throw on some jeans, a T-shirt and my Keds sneakers and make coffee. That is actually my favorite time of day. That is when I do my songwriting, when I am in writing mode.
I've had trouble being in relationships and writing. This has been a real problem for me. I don't know if it's because I'm not free to fantasize or create these fantasy things about other people.
People let their own hang-ups become the obstacles between them and personal happiness.
I just broke up with my boyfriend, and I've been spending more time alone than I'd like.
I'm trying to get out of my own way.
I'm trying to learn how to tap into the power of my own being. I know it sounds corny.
I don't mean to complain. I wouldn't trade my life for anything.
I have such a great band. We had played all this material on the road. I just wanted to let it fly.
We just did a few takes of a song and just picked the best one. It was real organic and genuine.
I grew up in a very literate, very independent household where people spoke their ideas and were very supportive of helping each other find their own way.
The more I separate myself from my upbringing, the more I appreciate what it's done for me.
So few people are truly themselves when they're in the spotlight.
You should put time into learning your craft. It seems like people want success so quickly, way before they're ready.
If you come into success too soon, you'll burn out and be finished before you know it. If you let the maturation process happen naturally, you'll be happier with yourself in the end.
The old jazz singers or old blues singers, you always just saw them kind of sitting down and singing. They weren't worried as much about their voice sounding perfect. They would make the song kind of fit their voice.
I started writing more with my voice in mind.
Sade's stuff is real deceptive. She's got stuff about prostitutes, poverty and people on the streets.
I mean, whose songs don't focus on tragedy and loss?
I'm not just a doormat. I'm not just being stepped on all over the place. If you look at the bulk of my material, it's about trying to find some strength through that.
I write first for myself as a therapeutic process, to get stuff out and to deal with it.
Just because I'm talking about something that might have been a sad or painful situation doesn't mean that I'm sad or tortured 24 hours a day any more than anybody else is.
I'm dealing with things as they come along, and I'm talking about it.
