American,Musician
You don't have to have anything in common with people you've known since you were five. With old friends, you've got your whole life in common.
The idea that we humans are good-natured, politically correct, nonjudgmental beings is pure fantasy. We are, at the very least, judgmental.
Dad often told me, 'My job is to help my boss do his job and make him look good.' That was my dad's objective. Everything about the way he conducted himself was to communicate support for his superiors and respect for his coworkers. The way he dressed was his starting point in that communication.
Tipping your hat to a lady is good form. If you're at a dinner table, you'd most certainly take your hat off - cowboy hat, baseball hat, or otherwise.
You're saying something with your appearance whether you mean to or not, so you may as well mean to.
Somehow you can tell the difference when a song is written just to get on the radio and when what someone does is their whole life. That comes through in Bob Dylan, Paul Simon, Willie Nelson. There is no separating their life from their music.
It's difficult to get started-when it comes to dealing with an unknown quantity, people are reluctant to trust their own opinion. It helps if two or three people give you a boost.
Never guess a woman's age. Never guess a woman's weight. Never even talk about weight in front of a woman. And never, ever ask a woman when she's due.
I'm not really a competitive person, and I'm not naturally comfortable in front of people.
Fortunately, I've never had a job.
Singing your own songs is all about individual expression.
I don't feel like I'm on a mission. I'm trying to play music that I like to play and like to listen to.
It's really a lot easier to write about things that are problematic. Who wants to hear how happy you are?
I played guitar when I was young and never really considered it as a way to make a living.
I'm really in no danger of being perceived as a famous movie actor!
I am limited by what I can think of to do-my choices are not so great.
It's important to be successful enough to be able to keep doing what you love.
Both my parents worked, so I was home alone a lot, and I would listen to their records. They belonged to the Columbia House record club, so they had records!
I enjoyed hearing people do their own songs. I became attracted to singer-songwriters. I became interested in them as people; was curious about what they wanted to say.
You can't second-guess your audience. You can only do what you think is right. If you do that, your audience will appreciate you.
I've been lucky to be able to make the records I've wanted to make. The record company has never pressured me to cut certain songs.
If you forget the words to your own song, you can always claim artistic license. Forget the words to the national anthem, and you're screwed.
I've always thought that writing isn't really that hard. It's having a good idea that's hard.
If someone gives you a belt buckle, it's like a piece of jewelry. It has the same sort of emotional significance. It would be something you would intend to keep forever.
Wear what you want to wear. Do what you want to do. Be who you are. Pick out your own clothes. Be a man. And if that's too much to ask, as it almost always is for me, think of someone you consider to be a man and pretend to be like him. I pretend to be like my dad.
Horses teach you patience and how to do things the right way so you can get the right result.
