Musician
You really have to look inside yourself and find your own inner strength, and say, 'I'm proud of what I am and who I am, and I'm just going to be myself.'
There is a light at the end of the tunnel... hopefully its not a freight train!
Pregnancy was probably the best and the hardest thing I'll ever go through. I know for a lot of women, it can be wonderful and relatively easy.
You really just want to know that somebody loves you for you. Sometimes you feel like an ATM machine with a wig on it.
Never, never listen to anybody that try to discourage you.
My brother and sister had a much worse childhood, I think, because they were older, and they had to deal with a lot more racism because they grew up in the '70s and I grew up more in the '80s. So they had to deal with crosses being burned on their lawn and their dogs being poisoned.
I've seen the real extreme diva behaviour and I don't think that's who I am.
I do not think I reinvent myself. Wearing my hair differently or changing my style of dress is playing dress-up. I don't take it too seriously.
Prince was one of the best people I've met. He didn't care about the big system. I was always like, at any time, Prince could write a No. 1 song because he's that talented, but he chooses to do what he wants. I respect that. He actually helped me through a lot of situations with his knowledge.
If you see me as just the princess then you misunderstand who I am and what I have been through.
Time is irrelevant to me. I never wear a watch.
I'd rather be onstage with a pig - a duet with Jennifer Lopez and me just ain't going to happen.
I try not to be a jerk. I really do. I try to be nice and cordial.
I don't mind being compared to Whitney, there are people miles worse to be compared to.
This is for all of you out there tonight, reaching for a dream - don't ever give up! Never ever listen to anyone, when they try to discourage you, because they do that, believe me!
Forget the image, forget the ensemble, forget the rumours, forget the short skirts, the big hair, whatever! I owe this to the fans and I will never forget you so I want to accept this award on behalf of all of you.
I'm not vain, I'm insecure.
Whatever you're going through in your life, don't ever give up.
I work myself into the ground. But I think I'm a nice friend and a good person, and I try to do my work as best I can.
Basically, I started singing when I started talking. Music has just been my saving grace my whole life.
One day I promised God that if he would give me my voice back I would never smoke again. I got three octaves back after quitting.
I'm not one of those people that goes into details of my personal life on national TV to get attention. Some things are better left unsaid.
Marilyn Monroe Productions was the first female-owned production company in Hollywood. She paved the way for women in Hollywood, and every single woman owes something to her for that, whether they agree with her image or not.
I wrote my own anthem: it's called 'Mariah's Theme.' It's on the 'Rainbow' album from '99. Back in the day.
I definitely feel more complete than before. There's a void you have when you don't feel you've found the other part of who you are, so I'm in a different place now and that's nice to experience.
I don't think anyone knows as much about what's right for me as I do.
I think certain people like to torture me because they think I've had it easier than I actually have and they think: 'Oh, she's got this, she's got that, she's always had everything perfect,' and it's sooo not true.
Some of us talk about other people and what they do and la la la. But I'm not that person.
I love the grimiest rappers in the world. That's my favorite.
A lot of rappers don't have to go through what I had to go through as a singer. I was always in a bubble that they put me in, but I was always punching out. It was a tough line to walk.
I don't think there were great beauty trends in the '90s - I was just doing my own thing.
I'm not Gloria Steinem, but I mean, I'm definitely all for powerful women.
I arrange flowers in my spare time. Well, when I have spare time, that is.
I'm a very good laundress when I have to be.
I do all of my own stunts in videos. The Jet Ski scenes, the fight scenes, all of them!
I think I have to remain eternally oblivious to age. Honestly, when you put a number on it yourself, it's just like, Why? Why do that?
If you're not wearing a lot of makeup, you don't have to take a lot of it off. So, my goal is to wear the least amount of makeup possible so I don't have to steam my face and take it all off.
My fans have made all my career moments special for me. They are the ones that have gotten me through every single thing - good times and bad, they are who I go to and lean on. I am very thankful for that.
I'm actually a really good cook, and people don't believe this about me!
I'm actually really good at Balderdash, and no one wants to play that game with me. Especially the movies category; I don't want to give away my secrets, but I am pretty good at that category.
I love giving gifts. It's almost like I don't open my gifts until, like, three days after Christmas 'cause I want to give everyone else their presents.
Stardom is a magical yet freakish situation at times. It's a cliche but very true that at times, you feel so alone, even when you're surrounded by so many people.
I'm actually very loyal, to my detriment.
Sometimes I wake up laughing when I have a great dream. And sometimes I have nightmares - and I hate them.
The fans never send me crazy things. They send me things that they put so much time and effort into making, and they are so amazing.
I could do my own nails... I went to beauty school in the 11th grade. But why would I do that now?
I never thought that I would have love again, but it's amazing how the universe brings love to you.
I think that for me, personally, a lot of my choices have been to do with my own issues of not feeling safe as a child and feeling a sense of stability.
Especially since I started studying acting, I feel like I'm always super-aware of my emotions and my feelings and what's going on with me at every moment. I definitely think I wasn't very present prior to that.
Honestly, everybody gets talked about. Some people control their press a little more than others. Some people feed the press and move it the way they want to. I don't do that.
Christmas is always the most fun. I start looking forward to Christmas before it's even summertime.
I was a reader as a child, believe it or not.
Being biracial is so much a part of who I am that it's almost, 'Let it go already.' It's intrinsic to me. I think a lot of my fans relate to me because they felt different.
