British,Musician
I took drugs because we all took drugs.
When I found out my mother wanted me to marry a rich man, I instantly didn't want any rich man.
Life has changed. People have changed. They are more forgiving, less inclined to rush to judgment. And I have changed.
I've done everything I want to do and gone everywhere I want to go.
I do yoga. I do tai chi. I do a lot to keep my body and my spirit together so I can work.
I'm a Capricorn, and they flower late.
I'm interested in time, fame, death, beauty, truth, all those things.
Rebellion is the only thing that keeps you alive!
Maybe the most that you can expect from a relationship that goes bad is to come out of it with a few good songs.
I live a very nice life. I have a wonderful time. But it's not lived drawing on a full level. I'm relaxed, cool, and enjoying it.
I shoot my big mouth off; it just pops up! I have to learn to edit myself.
All I can say is I've been lucky with my body. Well done, little body. I praise it and say, 'You're very good.'
I come from a very left wing Socialist family, anti-war and anti-empire.
I never trusted anybody at all. I don't know why it was so hard, I just didn't.
The way I choose to show my feelings is through my songs.
The really explicit phrase is doors of perception.
I think I'm really powerful. They'll smash me, probably.
I think drugs were used by me as a way of suppressing my natural spirit.
The voice of God, if you must know, is Aretha Franklin's.
I haven't got purity, and I don't think I ever did. I have always been, even as a child, a very decadent little person.
Bad behaviour makes men more glamorous. Women get destroyed, thrown out of society and locked up in institutions.
I do take care of myself; I get my nails done, and I have a skin doctor, but that's it. I'm clean and groomed.
I got my interest in Lotte Lenya and the Brecht-Weill canon from my parents. And I love classical music - I got that from my parents. I love Cole Porter - that I got from my dad.
The first opera I went to see was Maria Callas singing 'Tosca'.
I went to the big Picasso retrospective at the Tate in the sixties, and I think I went to an Andy Warhol retrospective at the Tate in the sixties, too. My mother was very good at taking me to things like that. We lived in Reading, but we went on these cultural trips to London.
When you are 18, 19, 20, you're used to being photographed all the time, in a certain way. So, the narcissism becomes almost out of control. And the way that young women are photographed, they become addicted to this feedback of the image.
I've learnt to accept what has happened to my voice, I suppose, but I do wish it didn't sound quite so rough.
I was told that I had very likely been clinically depressed for a long, long time, probably since I was 15, or even 14. It explained, to me at least, a lot of my behaviour over the years.
I've got to where I've always wanted to be. I just feel more myself, and I've learned not to care what other people think. It's happened slowly, very slowly. But I did it.
For some people, marriage may be very groovy. For me, it really isn't. I don't think it really is for most people anyway. Most people are not very happy.
When you lose your reputation at 19, you lose everything.
My happiness is very fragile.
If I let myself sink into depression, I won't be able to get out. And then I'll be awfully unhappy. I just have to turn my face to the light and walk on. And trust that things will be all right.
I've got quite a good brain and all that, which I've never had to use in singing at all.
Of course I have regrets; I'm not stupid.
Sometimes you just have to get a shock to grow up and wake up, and I've had lots of shocks because it's as though I don't learn the lessons, so something new comes and hits me.
To be diagnosed with cancer was a frightening thing, and my first reaction was sheer panic, but I was really fortunate that the cancer was caught at such an early stage that I didn't need chemo or radiotherapy. But I know that cancer is a chronic condition, and once you've had it, you're on the list, because it can come back.
I don't talk about my private life.
I think it's a great shame that America stopped being a republic and became an empire.
I never saw myself as beautiful. I can look back and see it now, but then? Never.
There are so many myths out there about Marianne Faithfull, I had to, um, detach. But I can turn it on because Marianne Faithfull is really an attitude, you know.
I get all dressed up with that Marianne Faithfull face, and the next thing I know, I'm blurting out things that I shouldn't, trying to get attention when, really, I've got everybody's attention already.
I've got a lot of little compulsive problems, and I've thought about it a lot. And one of the things I ask myself is, 'What are the things I can do that won't hurt me and will help me?' The first answer is work.
I'm sick of being self-referential. I don't want to do any more songs that can be accused of being personal.
All I have to do is what's right for me.
I once asked my father what he wanted me to be. To my horror, he said, 'sociologist.'
I love the Stones, but I've gone to a lot of gigs.
I think you have to really, really want to be a film star.
Well, I really didn't enjoy some of the movies I did when I was young.
