Welsh,Musician
I love natural beauty, and I think it's your best look, but I think makeup as an artist is so transformative.
Everyone gets dumped and everyone gets hurt and there's karma to love in regards to what you've done to other people.
Even when I see a beautiful woman, I think, 'Aw, her life must be amazing.' Everyone does it. That's human nature to believe that beauty is everything.
If you're making too many excuses for someone, agonising over them in a way which takes up all your waking thoughts and feel so nervous around them you could be sick, then they are probably the wrong person.
Music is my 90% of my life and my biggest passion. I really don't have an interest in anything else.
Blonde symbolises sexuality and power - it holds very different connotations. The archetypal star has always been blonde.
I want to provoke people with thoughts, not by taking my clothes off. It's time to move on from Stripperville.
I consider myself a feminist because I believe women should have equal rights. Of course. It's just that the term 'feminism' conjures up other things for people.
I am very curvy, so the vintage stores suit me better than most designers. I just can't seem to give up crisps, or make my boobs shrink for that matter. Alas, I will never fit a size zero.
I feel weird without lipstick. Even after the first time I wore a really neon pink or a really bright red, I felt really strange without it there. My lips are a main feature, so I feel naked without them.
I have quite a lot of plastic sunglasses. It's just a nice accessory, it adds a final thing, and it's my favorite way of figuring an outfit.
I turned off my Google alerts in 2009 as I learnt that following yourself on the Internet very quickly becomes unhealthy.
I'm masquerading as an innocent pop star.
There's no one particular road that will lead you to success. I think everybody will find it differently.
My dad's quite a conservative person, and he brought me up to be very questioning of the commercial world. He looked down on pop culture. I definitely got the impression that pop was evil and that Britney Spears was evil.
I don't just want to sing about simplistic things all the time. It's good to have a mix of songs that have a real depth, and that provoke and challenge people, and then songs that are fun and people can enjoy.
You have to be your biggest believer.
I feel like everyone has the right to privacy, even if you're the most famous person in the world.
Success, I've come to realise, is fleeting so you shouldn't value it too much.
I quite like dark humor.
I criticized the whole American songwriting industry and the pop side of it and I was bitter about it. And I stepped back and thought 'Why are you bitter? You can't just stand there like every other indie musician and criticize this so-called 'generic' music when you're not doing anything to challenge that.'
Britney Spears is a big influence. Huge. I think people thought I was joking about that for a long time. But when I was a teenager, there was a genuine connection with this sweet girl who also had this very sexual side that people didn't really want to accept.
When you are with the wrong person, who doesn't really love you, all you want is to be adored. It makes you more inward and needy. Gross.
Everybody is different. Some people like to share more. I just wouldn't want to spoil someone's opinion of me by them knowing me as a person instead of an artist.
I'm not really part of that 'L.A. thing' or that celebrity culture. I'm more like someone who observes it, and I can't ever imagine being like that.
If you don't want to have your private life splashed everywhere, why go to the restaurants and the places you know you're going to be photographed?
I thought for a long time that I was going to be a pop artist. It was around 18-19 that I started to make that a reality. I just knew that this was my destiny.
I felt connected with Madonna from a very young age. I think I share a lot of qualities from her personality. I really respect her.
I don't think I'm an instantaneous act the whole world will love in one second - but that's how I've felt about bands I love.
I really do want people to listen to the music more than watch what I wear. There's time for that later. I've got the rest of my life to dress up and look nice.
I really like the look of the 1950s, lots of suburban Americana influences. I'm 5'4', so I like kitten heels occasionally because I can move around a bit easier, but pointy-toed pumps are very elongating.
Rejection is a universally embarrassing topic and 'Electra Heart' is my response to that. It is a frank album.
I was always very creative. I was always into acting and dancing when I was younger.
My style icons are Leigh Lezark, Gwen Stefani and Shirley Manson.
Touring can be tough; the crew and I travel everywhere by a big pink bus, and live in petrol stations.
I love pop music because you can really see what's currently happening in society.
Obviously when you're a teen you have no money, so you make, like, three outfits out of one dress. You're like, 'OK cut the arms here. Alright: New party, cut them to here.'
