Greek,Musician
An opera begins long before the curtain goes up and ends long after it has come down. It starts in my imagination, it becomes my life, and it stays part of my life long after I've left the opera house.
I am not an angel and do not pretend to be. That is not one of my roles. But I am not the devil either. I am a woman and a serious artist, and I would like so to be judged.
You are born an artist or you are not. And you stay an artist, dear, even if your voice is less of a fireworks. The artist is always there.
That is the difference between good teachers and great teachers: good teachers make the best of a pupil's means; great teachers foresee a pupil's ends.
I prepare myself for rehearsals like I would for marriage.
I don't know what happens to me on stage. Something else seems to take over.
I would like to be Maria, but there is La Callas who demands that I carry myself with her dignity.
When my enemies stop hissing, I shall know I'm slipping.
When music fails to agree to the ear, to soothe the ear and the heart and the senses, then it has missed the point.
First I lost my voice, then I lost my figure and then I lost Onassis.
Don't talk to me about rules, dear. Wherever I stay I make the goddam rules.
On stage, I am in the dark.
Good teachers make the best of a pupil's means; great teachers foresee a pupil's ends.
I cannot switch my voice. My voice is not like an elevator going up and down.
I would not kill my enemies, but I will make them get down on their knees. I will, I can, I must.
It's a terrible thing to go through life thinking that you have a rock on your side when you haven't.
I don't need the money, dear. I work for art.
Love is so much better when you're not married.
Women are not pals enough with men, so we must make ourselves indispensable. After all, we have the greatest weapon in our hands by just being women.
I was always too mature for my age - and not very happy. I had no young friends. I wish I could go back to those days. If I could only live it all again, how I would play and enjoy other girls. What a fool I was.
If I have stepped on some people at times because I am at the top, it couldn't be helped. What should I do if someone gets hurt... retire?
There must be a law against forcing children to perform at an early age. Children should have a wonderful childhood. They should not be given too much responsibility.
