English,Musician
My earliest memory is learning to read 'Muffin the Mule' when I was about three.
I used to be psychic, but I drank my way out of it.
I read daft history books. Sometimes the books I read are a bit crackers or strange.
Every day is great for me. I dislike rose-coloured glasses.
If it's me and yer granny on bongos, it's the Fall.
Blue cheese contains natural amphetamines. Why are students not informed about this?
He told me I didn't understand, that we were from the bleak industrial wastes of North England, or something, and that we didn't understand the Internet. I told him Fall fans invented the Internet. They were on there in 1982.
I'm just never getting there. I'm getting round to it. I'm beginning to understand it a bit more.
It's just like music when you reckon it up. It's like listening to Pavement it's just The Fall in 1985, isn't it? They haven't got an original idea in their heads.
The thing with me, I can't talk about my work. I find it very difficult.
The thing with me. I can't stick musicians. I've thought about this. I can't stand them, and being stuck in a studio with them I think that's my strength I can hear what they can't.
I like to push people till I get the truth out of them.
Being in The Fall isn't like being in another group. It isn't a holiday. A lot of musicians are really hard to deal with. They aren't as smart as me.
I was picked on because I was timid. I had younger sisters; I couldn't turn to them for help. I didn't have an older brother.
I don't want security guards. I don't think security guards are particularly good for your writing.
Fear is something I try not to absorb.
'Re-Mit' is going to terrify people. It's quite horrible. The Fall have had enough and we're coming for you.
When I was 14, I used to have a calendar on my wall, crossing the days off until I was 15, because the school leaving age was 15. Then three months before I turned 15 they changed the leaving age to 16.
I do feel like an outsider, but I don't lose any sleep over it.
When I was 18, the vision was to make music that didn't exist, because everything else was so unsatisfactory.
