American,Musician
Your brand is your name, basically. A lot of people don't know that they need to build their brand; your brand is what keeps you moving.
If you don't know where you make your mistakes, that's your worst mistake: not knowing where your mistakes are at.
When my girl do better than me, I still win. When I do better than her, she still wins.
Everybody think they're famous when they get 100,000 followers on Instagram and 5,000 on Twitter.
I work hard. I focus on myself and putting food on my dinner table before anything else. I don't worry about other artists. Worrying about the next person in a negative way is the wrong way to be.
The Rolls Royce was the real first car. It wasn't the first new car I got, but it was the first real car I bought that's like, 'Wow, I got this.'
I don't like a girl on social media, when you have an open inbox, answering questions from dudes left and right every day. What's the point? It's like having your number all out. Everybody think they're famous when they get 100,000 followers on Instagram and 5,000 on Twitter.
People say money ain't nothing; money is basically everything.
I'm not the best person at putting words together. I can't give you the melody. But I might inspire somebody.
Work harder than anybody you've ever seen. That's what I believe.
If you don't have your friends and your family, what do you really have? You can have all the money in the world, but with no friends and no family, it's no good.
I always had pressure on myself through my life. I put pressure on myself and not from other people. I always wanted to be one of the hottest rappers. So the pressure comes from myself.
I gotta keep hustling. I know when it comes to the Internet, we move units. I grew up on the Internet.
I know all I really wanna do is get money and take care of my family.
I'm not gone remix a record I don't got no love for.
I don't wear the see-through shirts or anything too glittery. I come from that '90s school of rap. Fitted caps, because I got a big head, so snapbacks don't fit me right.
I think it's way harder when you have success, 'cause people tend to not treat you the same or look at you the same because they see the success or the money you make.
It's cool when people know you more, but I like people to treat me regular when they see me. I take pictures. I don't really be big on people looking at me.
Jay-Z ain't a manager; he owns a management company. He been through this; he been through the game for a long time, so he knows tactics in taking artists in certain directions we need to go in.
Meek Mill - my homies used to call me 'Meek Millions,' and at the time I didn't have no millions, so I ain't really want to be called 'Millions,' so I just shortened it down to Meek Mill. 'Meek Milli,' my friends used to call me.
I don't rely on catchphrases or really like sing-along. I just do whatever I feel. Whatever the beat makes me say, I do that and I run with that. It's been working for me, so I'd be cool with that.
I need, sometimes, individuals to spark an idea so that I can take off running.
I'm scared to be political. You get too powerful, and more people try to take you out.
It's always dope being able to perform with your girlfriend and get money with your girlfriend.
My first songs were energetic because I liked their energy. When I used to battle people every day, I had to go hard. If someone went harder than me, they left with the win. I haven't lost since I was 12 years old.
Just build your brand from day one, man. Your brand is your name, basically. A lot of people don't know that they need to build their brand, your brand is what keeps you moving.
