American,Musician
It's hard to get that real good feeling about festivals sometimes.
Everything else outside me seems far, far away.
Because you can be lazy if you don't know the truth.
It's hard listening to myself.
Apparently, there's a little red demon dwarf that haunts the city, and before every major bad thing that's happened, it's appeared to somebody. Last time, he appeared in a Cadillac.
Even at the last minute we were still debating what was gonna be released as the first single.
I remember rehearsing it, and it was the one that we were really excited about and thought would sound the best, and once it was down on tape, it was like, This doesn't actually sound that good.
I got more used to my own voice, but still it's hard for me to listen to my own voice, or hear the recordings.
That's what my Dad always told me, on the ballot, they should always have a third choice, like none of the above, then if enough people picked that, they'd have to get new candidates.
I think there's a lot of problems with being a two-party system.
It's pretty sad when you have to choose between the lesser of two evils.
There's nothing I'm doing these days that I ever thought I was gonna do.
Maybe I'm a little more confident than I used to be, but not much.
Downtown Detroit has more vacant buildings over 10 storeys than any city in the world.
I don't want to know about my biggest idols. I don't want to read their autobiographies, I don't want to find out what they're really like.
The cover of Mojo, that was good for us.
I've always kind of lived in my own world.
Like, people recognizing me on the street never interested me.
I have to have the cotton candy shipped in.
You know, when I hear music, I just hear the whole thing.
I've never been much into picking things apart.
It's the emotion of it that hits me, more than anything technical.
I met Drew Barrymore in New York and she said she liked the band. That was really cool. I grew up on her.
I wouldn't want to be in a Lisa episode. They're kind of boring. Maybe a Homer one would be better.
Every second is mapped out and he has this total childish fascination with color and shapes and sequences.
We'll probably be working on another album in the next few months here.
