English,Musician
I know I'm not everybody's cup of tea. I'm just me.
I'm just me. I'm just very opinionated. I react to whatever I see. If it's good, it's good. If it's bad, it's bad. I don't mince my words.
My mum enrolled me in this free dance class because I had so much energy in the night-time, and she just wanted me to go to sleep. I ended up falling in love with dancing, singing, acting, the whole entertainment world. Then, my mum ended up taking on an extra job so she could fund me to take singing lessons or go to drama classes.
I think everybody can be as fit as they can be for their particular body if they work out and eat healthily.
I didn't want my daughter to grow up in that intense attention - wherever we went, we'd get paparazzi. There are bigger, better superstars in America, so I thought, 'I'll go there for a quick holiday, and relax.' And my holiday just turned into me loving it and wanting to stay there longer and longer.
I've always been pretty independent, no matter what situation: good, bad, ugly, happy, sad. I dig deep, and I get over it.
When somebody says something as a joke, the British press take things and twist them.
A question is a question at the end of the day. It's up to me if I want to answer them.
I work out two or three times a week, whether it be a run or a workout class, a hike... I really try and mix it up a little bit so that it keeps me interested. I have a gym in my house, so if all else fails, I'll get on the running machine and book a movie or some crappy reality TV and just zone out.
Half the struggle is just getting yourself to the gym or getting yourself in your workout gear and ready for action.
Running strips you and works your core, mixing it up with different exercises so your body doesn't get used to one thing, so you can really get intense with your workout. I never like to stick to one thing; otherwise, you don't really see that many results.
We always knew Victoria was going into fashion, Mel C was going into music, Emma went into radio, and I wanted to do a bit of everything.
