American,Musician
I've sold my soul for freedom. It's lonely but it's sweet.
There is no fear when you choose love. The more you choose love, the more love is in your life. It gets easier and easier.
Don't let anyone tell you that you have to be a certain way. Be unique. Be what you feel.
I'm very fortunate that I have a wonderful family around me and loved ones.
I believed in Obama for social issues. I believe he brought our nation together and healed our racial divide. Martin Luther King's dream came true when he was elected. That's huge.
I think being a parent is knowing how to love. Sometimes love is discipline, sometimes it's humor, sometimes it's listening.
When you grow up in one town and your life revolves around it, you are very aware of any darkness on the edge of town. That's because it's scary and it's inviting.
Once I overcame breast cancer, I wasn't afraid of anything anymore.
I definitely feel we're moving forward. There's a lot more understanding... there's less fear and we're working on there being less hatred.
I'm exploring the maturity, the wisdom that just comes from having gone around the sun 50 times. My experience is, 'Oh, I'm never really going to get it right. I'm never going to get it done. But that's not the point here.' The point is the journey.
I've been a rock star since you were very young. But I've never encountered anything as powerful as cancer.
Instead of taking five or six of the prescriptions, I decided to go a natural route and smoke marijuana.
It was tough being a single mom. It was tough being in a divorce with children. Very, very hard.
I have days when I say, 'I'm going to have five chocolate chip cookies today.' I'll have a salad every day but every week I have a cheat day.
There will always be someone else with a different view than you. I appreciate them and would never say that they are wrong. I hope that they would give me that courtesy also.
Life happens, and I write about it wherever I am.
I feel my heart break to see a nation ripped apart by it's own greatest strength - it's diversity.
I write songs for people who drive in cars. I really do.
When you realize that we're the spirit that's in our bodies and our bodies are like the vehicles that take us around, you realize that you have to take care of that body.
Love is never wrong.
Video is a funny thing. It's one thing to be an artist, singer-songwriter, and use words and create pictures in people's minds. And then be asked to do video for it, to actually give a certain visual for your song.
I'm so close to Heaven, this Hell cannot be mine.
The songs are inspired by my experiences. Sometimes they are more than my real-life and, conversely, my life is more than just my songs.
I stand before you a totally healthy person.
To be completely stripped bare of any image power or my hair. To step onstage and get the response that I got blew any problems I had about self-image out the door.
My friends have always told me that rock stardom was wasted on me.
I have a very strong opinions about health and our responsibility to our own health, and I will always say what I feel.
Gay people are born everyday. You will never legislate that away.
All men, and women, and everything in between are created equal.
My wife works harder than anyone else with the children around the house. I make the money, sure, but she does everything else.
My ultimate joy and happiness is being a wife and mother.
I don't think anyone masters parenthood.
Christmas comes during a season when the Earth is in its darkest time. It's a holiday for the family and for everyone.
On the road, as a 'rock star,' there's superficial attention and adulation is thrown at you for a couple of hours - then you're alone in your room and it's lonely.
I adopted a healthier diet. I take at least a tablespoon of apple-cider vinegar a day. It's an old wives' tale, but it really is one of the best things you can put in your mouth.
Our society, where we are right now, our minds are junkyards. We watch TV and sit on the computer all day and barely have an original thought.
I'm for gay marriage, because I'm for gay divorce.
I'm not one for big public displays of affection, anyway. Straight, gay, whatever.
What I do believe in is other worlds and spirits. There is some other power in control - levels of energy that perhaps we don't see.
I can be a rock star with a television show and still have a self-esteem problem. So it's nice to have your dad go, 'Hey Melissa, I'm proud of you - you're doing good.'
I tell people that anything that could ever happen to you on stage has happened to me. My clothes have fallen off. I've fallen off the stage. I've gotten sick - anything.
I've worked since I was 11 years old, playing music and following the dream, and shaking and moving and doing it. And then, you have cancer and it was like 'Ooooohh.' It was like a big eraser. It was the only thing in my life that had ever made me just stop.
I always tell people I'm grateful for my cancer diagnosis because it was the greatest gift because it completely changed my life. I was able to stop and let my whole life and world just crash over me like a wave. And I stood there and went, 'Wow.' And for the first time, I stopped everything. I had to.
There's a point when your tape of life runs off the reel and there's this stillness of your own - I got to know myself.
I have always loved Broadway.
