American,Musician
I'm always tryin' to do something new, tryin' to look like a beginner.
It's very limiting to us as a species, the concept of better-than/less-than. It just seems to be at its end. I'm like, this all fades to black, and it's gone. It's dust. Choose carefully what you obsess about.
We're all just bags of bones and muscle and hormones; I'll never understand what makes our minds do the things we do. It's like that statue of the monkey holding a skull. We're trying to use a thing we don't understand to understand ourselves.
There's no hierarchy in suffering. I think songs that are transcendent are the ones where everyone can feel something from it, you know?
Once you encounter people who are really testing the limits of kindness, that's when you start to build up a shield and close yourself down.
Children are born with their own optimism. They have a clarity and a simplicity that we can only wish for.
I find myself wanting to make music at the dining room table or in the bedroom - I'm kind of a mobile writer, so I sort of move around the house. But the attic is definitely where I can make the most noise. While everyone on the lower floors screams 'Earthquake!' But no! It's just my bass!
Definitely dub is in my body forever. I think I hear everything through a dub filter. Even when I play rock music, I play through a dub filter.
Allow the artist to finish the piece of work before you critique it.
I just try to tell a story with a song, and be able to try to transmit the emotion to you. That's all I'm really trying to do.
Any ideas of 'other' are complicated, and otherness is relative to personal ideas of 'normal.'
Yes, violence begets more violence, but historically this has been the way of the world.
I think leaders are incapable of the strength that passive resistance entails.
I joke that a person of color would never make a movie like 'Midnight in Paris.' Nostalgia isn't so enticing.
I'm pushing ahead on my own - you no longer need a large record company to make you a star.
I think secretly I've realized after my time on the planet that I have no control over what people feel about me or need from me, so I just have a more laid-back approach in my apologies.
It's interesting to do other people's music - that's how I learned to play, by learning other people's songs. It's nice to delve into how other people got to where they are.
Not to be a Bible-thumper, but there really is nothing new under the sun.
I'm becoming more and more apolitical - I think the most revolutionary thing you can do is just live your life and have a good time. Before they scoop you up on the street or you die.
I love children. I'd prefer to be around children much more than adults, actually. And I like animals, too. I'm just really into beings who are at ease with themselves.
I watch documentaries for information. I watch films to be entertained.
Music is my only guide. I don't care if people pigeonhole me. Miles Davis is my hero. He covered Cindy Lauper and Michael Jackson, and he didn't give a hoot about what the purists said.
My father was a jazz tenor sax player. He played in a lot of big bands. So I had that sound around me all the time. The first record that really caught my ear was Clifford Brown's 'Brownie Eyes.' I grew up listening to John Coltrane and Illinois Jacquet. This is where I come from... I love improvisational music.
You make a choice to make music or be an actor, and people automatically think they can have access to your life.
God looks out for fools and babies.
I'm a true believer that unless you're Prince or Stevie Wonder - and even Prince is showing that he needs help - not everybody can produce themselves. I'm definitely not that person.
