American,Musician
I hate mean people. People who just pick at you and try to force you into a train wreck.
I have 15,000 comics in a warehouse, all bagged individually.
Now we just showin' and provin' that there's a ghetto everywhere you go.
It's been so long since I was in a real fight.
Rap is a gimmick, but I'm for the hip-hop, the culture.
After a while, you can't get any higher. It's like your head is in a wind tunnel - everything is vibrating.
I wanna sit behind the scenes and see nothin' but the greens.
I'm serious; I don't, I don't rap. I flow; I'm a flow-er. You've got rappers, you got MCs, and then you got flow-ers, I'm a flow-er.
People know when you're frontin'.
Regardless of how me or this man right here or anybody else in this business get, when we walk on an airplane in first-class looking like this, we're gonna get searched.
I don't think any gay dude is gangsta, period.
Yeah, the next Wu album should be out by late '95.
No matter where you from, there's ghettos all over the place.
We smoked a lot of cloves.
Somebody wrote a script around us, but Dustin Abraham came with the best one.
I'm a rapper trying to be an actor.
We just wanna see where we stand at right now with our fans.
Yeah I'm telling real stories, but if you pick up a documentary on strippers, you're going to want to see some stripping, so we definitely got that in there.
I want to do a documentary about strippers, 'cause it's a moneymaker.
One girl who stands out was this Miami stripper. She still lives with her mother and father, and they know she strips. They call her by her stripper name, Freaky Red.
How many gangsters you know, from Al Capone up to John Gotti, been gay?
The most I've smoked in a day was over an ounce, in Germany.
I'd have a sex scene with Whoopi Goldberg or Star Jones.
I'm a peaceful dude.
There's probably a bunch of Power Stripe floating through the Def Jam offices right now.
So to make those checks better, I used to steal lollipops and sell them at school - but I got caught.
