English,Musician
Anarchy is the only slight glimmer of hope.
The past is a great place and I don't want to erase it or to regret it, but I don't want to be its prisoner either.
I must be careful not to get trapped in the past. That's why I tend to forget my songs.
I'd rather be dead than singing 'Satisfaction' when I'm forty-five.
Lose your dreams and you might lose your mind.
As long as my face is on page one, I don't care what they say about me on page seventeen.
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
I got nasty habits; I take tea at three.
You wake up in the morning and you look at your old spoon, and you say to yourself, 'Mick, it's time to get yourself a new spoon.' And you do.
People have this obsession. They want you to be like you were in 1969. They want you to, because otherwise their youth goes with you. It's very selfish, but it's understandable.
A lot of times songs are very much of a moment, that you just encapsulate. They come to you, you write them, you feel good that day, or bad that day.
We have a lot of secondary market problems in the U.K.; it's really bad there. And lots of artists are starting to participate in it, because they put the tickets up at a certain price, then the tickets get marked up by the secondary sellers, and someone else gets twice as much as you.
It's all right letting yourself go, as long as you can get yourself back.
People think they know you. They know the things about you that you have forgotten.
Thank you for leaving us alone but giving us enough attention to boost our egos.
My mother has always been unhappy with what I do. She would rather I do something nicer, like be a bricklayer.
I am conservative with a small 'c.' It's possible to be conservative in fiscal policy, and tolerant on moral issues or questions of freedom of expression.
People get very thoughtful when they are in cars. I no longer care for cars. I don't collect them.
My secrets must be poetic to be believable.
The Spice Girl Victoria Beckham has just published the story of her life. I confess that it is not in my reading table.
I can't get no satisfaction.
I haven't had the time to plan returning to the scene because I haven't left it.
I never really studied business in school. I kind of wish I had, but how boring is that?
I am not a librarian of my own work. It's a good thing not to be too involved with what you have done.
The new fashion is to talk about the most private parts of your life; other fashion is to repent of your excesses and to criticize the drugs that made you happy in the other times.
I don't really count myself as a very sophisticated businessperson. I'm a creative artist. All I know from business I've picked up along the way.
