American,Musician
Keep a cool head and a warm heart.
The great thing about getting older is that you get a chance to tell the people in your life who matter what they mean to you.
I've had an incredible life with a lot of triumphs, my share of heartbreak, and some pretty amazing experiences.
Sometimes I listen to '60s or oldies stations to see if they're going to play a Beach Boys song.
The name 'The Beach Boys' is controlled by Brother Records Inc., which was founded by the original members of the Beach Boys and whose sole shareholders voted over a decade ago to grant me an exclusive license to tour as 'The Beach Boys.' With it, I've felt a great responsibility to uphold, honor and further our legacy.
As you get older, you either become proactive about staying in shape and taking care of yourself, or, you know, time has its effect on you.
We've had hassles, ups and downs, ins and outs, failures and triumphs. We're human beings, and we're not perfect. And we're mortal. But the Beach Boys is musically a tremendous body of work that transcends individuality and time and national boundaries.
One of the most important lessons we can glean from the environmental movement is to 'think globally and act locally.'
Mankind invents things to fight about.
I know there's millions of problems in the world, but if you dwell on those, then you're going to be miserable. I think my meditation helps me to transcend and get beyond the grip of all the negativity and regenerate from within a more positive attitude, which comes in very handy when you're going to do 150 concerts a year.
If we all take the time to listen and love each other, this world would be a better place.
I never thought of myself as a really particularly great singer.
If you look at the history of music, you have classical composers, church music, pop music, etc. Music that's existed for centuries. I think there are some songs that are close to immortal. They will last longer than we will in this lifetime.
The Beach Boys was a family hobby that we turned into a profession. We're very blessed.
If you ask any couple who have been married 50 years or longer, they will tell you they've experienced it all. The same is true of the Beach Boys.
There are different things one can do to establish and hasten the peace process. Meditation is one way.
Without meditation, I'd probably be dead.
During meditation your metabolism and your breath rate go down to a level of rest, twice that of deep sleep.
The history of mankind is a history of war.
If Frank and The Beach Boys got together and did a Super Session album, it would be a gas.
Every summer, my grandparents would rent a house on Balboa Island. They had the house next to Bob Hope's. I've been going down there all my life, to that whole area.
There's the historical part of The Beach Boys' music; it's pretty incredible, pretty vast and pretty varied too.
I did not fire Brian Wilson from the Beach Boys. I cannot fire Brian Wilson from the Beach Boys. I am not his employer. I do not have such authority. And even if I did, I would never fire Brian Wilson from the Beach Boys. I love Brian Wilson. We are partners. He's my cousin by birth and my brother in music.
You have to be careful not to get overexposed.
Some people are denizens of the studio. I'm more of a denizen of the live appearance. I love the live thing.
You can't sustain a fan base on a great catalog alone. You must take your music directly to the people.
The Beach Boys already had about four or five albums under our belt when these newcomers, The Beatles, took the U.S. by storm in early 1964.
In the spring of 1968, The Beatles and I were invited by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi to travel to Riskikesh, India. Riskikesh has been an important spiritual place to many millions of people over the years. It is situated where the Ganges River flows out of the Himalayas, and to be in that atmosphere was something incredibly special.
By 1968, both The Beatles and The Beach Boys had plenty of fame - we were looking for something deeper. The Maharishi taught us how to go beyond thinking and action in order to grow from within.
Ever since our Surfin' Safari' began in the early 1960's, the relations'hip with The Beach Boys and water has been synonymous. 'Surfin', 'Catch a Wave', and 'Surfin' USA' are songs which capture the feelings of being out in the water without a care in the world, living a dream so many long to live no matter where they are from.
The music I have created, along with the other Beach Boys, has taken me all over the world. For these past 50 years, I guess you could say, 'I get around.'
