American,Musician
Heartbreak is good fuel for country songs. And cheating.
I really think that being yourself, being original, being outside the box is starting to be appealing to people.
I think I find new idols every day - someone that says something really inspiring, is successful, has character.
I don't mind having a big butt - they're back in style. But I do a lot of squats to make sure my booty's not dragging on the ground.
Falling in love is awesome, but I'm never drawn to happy songs per se, so whenever you sit down to write a heartbreak song and you're happily in love, it's like, 'OK, now I have to go back to a sad place to get something good.'
I wouldn't want to bring a kid into this crazy world right now.
Junk food drags you down.
My mom was always saying: 'Be whatever you want to be, but stick with it. Don't waver. Don't change who you are for anybody.'
I do write a lot from personal experience, but I also embellish a bit.
I like to say what I think, and if it happens to push buttons, sorry.
I'm an outdoors girl - I like to go fishing, riding four-wheelers, hunting.
After trying Atkins and doing Nutrisystem a few times, now I'm just focused on maintaining a healthy lifestyle rather than dieting.
Long intros are cool because there's a little bit of anticipation, you know?
Currently I'm not a crazy ex-girlfriend, but I can't promise I won't be one again.
I feel like I am one of those artists that, thank god, can sing live.
If you don't stand for something, how can anyone respect what you do?
I love country music.
I'm a lifetime member of the NRA.
I am incredibly thankful for the strong support I have from my peers in the industry and of course my amazing fans.
A lot of people tell me, once they get to know me, that they're surprised that I'm nothing like they think I'll be.
Yeah, I have a tough-girl image.
People see me as someone who doesn't take any crap from anyone - which I don't - but it's my shtick, and I obviously don't act like that all the time.
I'd love to get played on the radio, but it just doesn't happen.
I also have a different, softer side, and I want for people to hear that.
My music is about being strong, even in your vulnerability.
I had to work at everything.
I'm wide open and raw emotionally to the crowd.
I love cover songs, but I always mess up the words!
I really feel every word to every song a lot more than I have in the past.
Country music has always sort of been country music.
People naturally change a lot during their 20s, so my songs reflect that progression.
My shows are always a mix of songs from all my albums with some rocking covers thrown in for fun.
I really love jeans.
Yeah, I try to be the best example I can be for young girls just as far as my person goes - just to uphold a good image.
Onstage, I don't want to be thinking about my outfit, I want to think about what I'm doing, so I'll try to dress as comfortably as possible.
At the very beginning of my career I felt very strongly about what type of artist I wanted to be.
For each album, I let the music that I love at that point in my life be my guide.
I think it's awesome to see people of all different ages from all kinds of backgrounds come together for the love of music.
My weight always fluctuates by 10 pounds.
When I'm touring, I have to think of workouts that don't require a gym.
I wanted to be heard, not seen. That's how it all started.
There's been a shift: Country music is popular music now. Every other genre wants to come over to our land.
If you're not polarizing, you failed, in my opinion.
Don't get me wrong, I love my first two albums a lot.
Right now it seems like the girls are drawing more attention to country music.
I definitely don't ever want to burn out at my job.
My parents are private investigators for God's sake.
I can reach the mass audience if I come from different perspectives on every song.
It's important I deliver a great show and a good time.
I'm married to my best friend!
I got my first handgun license when I was 22.
Instead of going to college, I spent my time out on the road learning how to be a better musician.
I would love to have a song that I wrote by myself to win a 'Song of the Year' award.
I hope my music sets up the platform for me to be able to do lots of things - to have a cowboy-boot line, maybe, or do a perfume or makeup deal.
I try not to get too ahead of myself. I try to be happy where I am.
I did surveillance a lot, which sounds exciting, but it never was.
In a way, I had such a normal life. But in another way, I saw things most kids don't see.
The bigger you get, the more pressure you have to deal with.
I've dated all kinds of guys and didn't know who I'd end up with. But I kind of assumed it would be someone more like my dad than not.
I'm country through and through.
Usually, I cut songs by other people that are artists that I already love.
My parents live right down the street from the house I grew up in.
I'd love to write for other people.
We had like a jolt of women in country, and it seems like we're just kind of there now.
I kicked the door open, and I'm gonna hold my leg in there. I'm keeping the door open for all these amazing female singer-songwriters that are coming out.
One year, I was nominated for entertainer of the year, and I didn't think I deserved it.
You have a career, and you start as a business person. And you work your way, you reach this peak, and you know the time's going to come when you go back down.
It's OK to have a little bit of curve.
Crunches only go so deep.
Really skinny actresses make me hungry - I see them and think, Honey, you need to eat!
