American,Musician
I wasn't allowed to grow as an artist. My albums were nicer to look at than to listen to.
Then all of a sudden, Quentin Tarantino comes along and puts a song from 40 years ago in one of his films and they've suddenly discovered you. That was a real gift that Quentin gave me.
I think most people are aware of the garbage in the tabloids and don't give them a lot of credence.
I am the daughter of the Chairman of the Board and thus, was raised with great music.
After 50, the rock 'n' roll road is a little absurd. It's very difficult to play these little places. You're out there on a rickety old bus with no place to shower.
After things started to happen here, my choice of material was extremely limited. It was a weird situation.
Dad really had little to do with the songs, except to perform them.
Frank's audience doesn't care if a girl singer, a comic or an organ grinder with a monkey opens the show. They are there to see HIM.
His last 2 shows in the U.S. were in Chicago and St. Louis. I don't know what made me go on the trip with him, but I'm so very glad I did. They were two of the finest concerts I've ever seen.
I didn't just want to be Frank's daughter who sang Boots. I take my music very seriously and studied very hard. It's not a joke to me.
I have never been accepted. I'll never make the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. They're never going to let me in.
I think I've finally proven something to people who were cynical about me. Because they were cruel.
I wanted to travel with my dad to be close to him again. Having babies and raising my own family took so much of my time, I didn't have a chance to be with him very often.
I was a star in Italy, Austrailia, Germany and Japan before the American stations ever paid attention at all.
I was at a party three weeks prior to the murders at Roman Polanski and Sharon Tate's house.
I was singing about six notes higher than I had to, in a range that kept me up in a bubblegum sound.
I was successful with mediocre material because of a good recording voice that people really liked at that time.
It would be nice to be on the charts again, nice to be recognised.
Morrissey wrote a really gorgeous song for me. I'm crazy for that man. And he thinks I'm hip!
Morrissey wrote to me and said, I have a song for you and if we release it as a single, you'll be on the charts for the first time since 1972, I said, what time, where?
The one hit song that I have tremendous gratitude for is Boots, because it has a life of its own. It's like being identified with a brand name.
There are a lot of people who would laugh at the idea of me being a good singer.
What happens in the music business is that if you step out of your little spot to do something else, the sand falls right into where you stood and you're gone, you're history.
