American,Musician
Solitude is creativity's best friend, and solitude is refreshment for our souls.
There are many paths but only one journey.
For many people, managing pain involves using prescription medicine in combination with complementary techniques like physical therapy, acupuncture, yoga and massage. I appreciate this because I truly believe medical care should address the person as a whole - their mind, body, and spirit.
Your body hears everything your mind says.
I love the ocean, but I'm just not one to lie on the beach.
I don't think we spend enough time in reflection and introspection. We don't know who we are as individuals in this culture anymore.
I grew up in a family of secrets; there was a lot of pathology in the family.
It's so important for those living with chronic pain to establish good communication with both their healthcare professionals and caregivers. Clear communication about pain is vital to receiving proper diagnosis and effective treatment.
You shouldn't be ashamed of your pain. You have the right to have your pain treated.
I've had women tell me that when their daughters see them taking care of themselves, and being defined from within, and thinking for themselves instead of thinking about that silly culture out there, it's powerful modeling.
It will kill four times as many Americans as AIDS will over the next decade. I feel that what ever kind of disability God has given me, as an entertainer and as a public figure, it is so I can be a representative for others.
They're trying to tell us that we're not right, so we have to buy their products. The number one cause of mental illness is not knowing who you are and you can't know who you are if you don't spend time honoring yourself, and living in the present.
When you're a caregiver, you need to realize that you've got to take care of yourself, because, not only are you going to have to rise to the occasion and help someone else, but you have to model for the next generation.
Change is the one thing we can be sure of.
A dead end street is a good place to turn around.
We're spirited and spiritual... and fun follows us around.
I learned more about myself by being an RN than anything else I've ever done.
I've never experienced chronic pain myself, but I have known many people over the years who have.
I'm a communicator.
I'm a registered, vetted gun owner, but that's because I live way out in the country, like way out in the middle of nowhere.
Ignorance is my least favorite thing. I really think it's at the core of all our problems.
I'm a darned good listener.
I don't take vacations.
I'm not just a big-haired redhead country singer who dresses flamboyantly, has this wicked sense of humor and wears rhinestones.
