Australian,Musician
I'm not a nightclub person, but you need to have a social life sometimes.
I'm such a chameleon. I never get bored.
Saving animals is as simple as choosing synthetic alternatives instead of real fur.
Happy songs are very difficult to write. How many truly great upbeat songs are there?
I am such a bad liar. I would like to lie, though.
I've done a lot of partying in my time because I didn't want to go home and I didn't know what to do.
You're only as good as your last record and you could get dropped.
I like the idea of growing old gracefully and full of wrinkles... like Audrey Hepburn.
I'm a perfectionist.
It's much easier to write when you're sad. But you can end up isolated and depressed because you almost need to put yourself in that situation to have that angst to write from.
I would have been happy to have waited till I was in my mid- to late-30s before I got married, but you don't choose when these things happen, and when they do, there's no doubt in your mind.
It's good to have to put yourself in someone else's skin. It's all-consuming.
The success of Torn was a bit too much for me. I took a year off and was still scared to start the second album.
You're either too fat or too thin. You just can't win.
You feel this pressure that people will take you more seriously if you play guitar, but I've decided I'm a singer and that's enough.
I know my music probably isn't going to matter to the public after I die, but that doesn't mean I don't have something to offer.
I seem to have very polite fans, not fanatical ones.
I worry unnecessarily.
Enjoy every moment: you never know when things might change.
I started dancing when I was three, Scottish dancing.
I'm quite confident with the way that I look but you find something else to focus on don't you if, I mean I, I have body issues that's my thing so you find something to focus on when you're a perfectionist, I think.
I wasn't born with a natural talent for songwriting.
I like singer-songwriters, and I find sad songs comforting rather than depressing. It makes you realise you're not alone in the world.
It's not very often that I like new bands.
There are artists who think they have to be on top all the time. I think that would be exhausting.
I have never planned to have babies by a certain age.
