American,Musician
It was a real hand-to-mouth existence in those early days - I'd have whatever dry cereal there was in the house for breakfast, 30 cents to spend on lunch and a hot dog for dinner. I did that for years. So there was definitely a hunger in me, of various kinds, to succeed.
I didn't want to repeat my mistakes so I stopped, took some time out and started having therapy. My songs were bringing up feelings inside of me I didn't really understand, so I wanted to understand where they were coming from to help me be a better person and a better songwriter.
I came back to performing with a different attitude about performing and myself. I wasn't expecting perfection any more, just hoping for an occasional inspiration.
You can't plan to write a great song. It just happens to you. It drops in your lap. It's the same thing with a woman.
The main objective in any song, the songs that I write, has always been that it reflect the way I feel, that it touch me when I'm finished with it, that it moves me, that it can take me along with it and involve me in what its saying.
It's very difficult for me to say 'I love you' but to sing 'I love you' for me is easier.
I've always thought of music as something which gives the words their flight and their wings and the music often comes first, although sometimes I'll have a concept, a title idea, a lyric idea that I want to write and the lyric will come first.
I've looked at photographs of myself during concerts and it sometimes looks as if I'm in a fencing move, with a guitar in my hands instead of a sword.
Performing is the easiest part of what I do, and songwriting is the hardest.
Songs are life in 80 words or less.
I may have a little bit of a talent for music, but I've learnt to tap into my own self when I write. When I put the drill bit inside my heart, sometimes I come up with something light and frothy, sometimes with something deep and painful, but it's great to connect with the audience.
I don't feel I have to write deep and meaningful songs; they can be light and meaningless. It has to do with the place I am in my life, a really good place.
If it can affect me, if it has meaning to me, if I feel I can do it well, I will do it and record it and thats why I recorded these songs.
Because my musical training has been limited, I've never been restricted by what technical musicians might call a song.
Chelsea Morning is a great Joni Mitchell song and I guess I'm partial to her lyrics because they show me a slightly different perspective on life.
Brooklyn is not the easiest place to grow up in, although I wouldn't change that experience for anything.
I don't like all of the music to be serious and deadly.
There's a mystery to writing, and you don't really know where most of it comes from.
I think probably Australians have just a little more taste than most people.
I still need practice in enjoying the fruits of success.
When you're on a merry-go-round, you miss a lot of the scenery.
No, I majored in biology, in a pre-med program.
Songwriting is different from music, although I don't deny now that it would be nice to have a little more background in music theory.
Song Sung Blue took a lot of compressing and refining, and it has one of my favorite lyrics.
Songwritng is what I do.
I'm lucky. Hard work is the key, but luck plays a part.
