American,Musician
Someone told me the smile on my face gets bigger when I play the guitar.
I actually haven't been on many dates, but I like just chilling around at home and watching a movie with a girl.
It's just impossible to believe I've become good friends with some stars like Justin Bieber. I would call Justin a friend, someone I hang out with. It's really weird.
I don't want to live up to how people expect me to be.
I feel I am a little bit older. Reckon I will start growing a beard next week.
I just like sitting at home, chilling and watching a movie.
I'm not really a flirt; I just try to be myself.
I'd rather be a kid and play with paper planes, than be a man and play with a woman's heart.
Fans always tell me I'm beautiful, but no one will ever be as beautiful as them.
A squirrel attacked me. I got attacked by a squirrel in Battersea Park. They're dangerous. It's rare. I've torn most of the ligaments in my knee. So no football for me. It's early retirement now. I've got a floating knee-cap!
A personal highlight was probably when we got a No. 1 in the U.K. and when the album went to No. 1 in America. The top four that week was us, Adele, Guns N' Roses and Bruce Springsteen. It was ridiculous seeing those names there. Being the first band from the U.K. and Ireland to go to America and debut at No. 1 is just unbelievable.
I'm the most carefree, happy person you'll meet.
I don't get to go home as much as I used to, which is a shame. But I don't mind because my mum moved over to London to look after me. I rented her a house just around the corner.
When I have time off, all I want to do is do nothing.
I'm an emotional guy, so I don't have to worry about a girl trying to get me to open up.
Queuing tips for fans: wrap up and bring food!
I get really nervous if pigeons are flying around before shows. I can't stand them after one once flew in through my bathroom window and went for me while I was having a wee. That was enough. I think pigeons target me.
I think there's so much feeling among young girls where they feel like they have to be this perfect thing - and they don't. Perfect people don't exist. Sometimes people need to be told it.
You can see girls getting too excited and they start crying or worse. In a lot of these countries they don't get a lot of gigs to go to, so when they get to see their favorite artist they take full advantage of it. Obviously the excitement builds up too much for some on the night and they get a bit... crazy.
I want to sell out arenas and make an album and work with some of the best artists in the world.
You have to think outside the box! Can you imagine One Direction and Eminem?! That would be hilarious.
I've got my old favorites like The Eagles and Bon Jovi.
I've not actually been on too many dates.
Katy Perry is the sexiest woman I've ever kissed. It was amazing and very purple - she had purple lipstick on. I don't think there will ever be anything cooler than kissing her... until I marry her maybe!
The bigger the crowd the better really! The noise calms your nerves.
There's always pressure on the second album - this one has to be the big one.
