German,Musician
Do some selfless service for people who are in need. Consider the whole picture, not just our little selves.
As long as karma exists, the world changes. There will always be karma to be taken care of.
We can change the world if we change ourselves. We just need to get hold of the old patterns of thinking and dealing with things and start listening to our inner voices and trusting our own superpowers.
I never have a bad night, bad day, bad moment.
I have a wish for world peace and the truth. I would like to see a society that will bring happiness to all life forms. Of course, to the Nazis, I appear a rebel, but to the rebels, I appear like a normal person from Venus.
It doesn't matter how old people are. It matters if they love each other and have fun with each other. It has nothing to do with age. To get old is a mental disease. Everything is in the head.
I was traveling on our tour bus through Europe and I was thinking I want to have long blonde hair.
I know what's best for me, and I want to do things my way. So, now I listen to my inner voice and my heart - and that's how I make my decisions.
I am a Love Boat.
You have to see my show to believe that I'm the only unique Nina Hagen on this planet.
I have a following. Whenever I am on tour they come. It is always sold out.
I create my own lyrics. I have a great band. I have a drummer from East Berlin.
Life is so great every day. I am telling things every day.
When I was growing up in East Germay, everyone said there was no God. So I started looking for it myself.
I meet many people, I talk with them, like a TV show host. I show what's going on with Greenpeace, interesing political things, I have artists, musicians and bands.
Jesus Christ will be the leader of an intergalactic earth evacuation. We're getting some earth leaders up there to check the mother ship. The Bible says that the sky will be glorious and Christ will come back to us all.
I once had a dream and this one familiar god, who was probably one of my master teachers, said, 'You should not worry about being on the charts. That's not important.'
I have my own strength.
I sing about UFOs and extraterrestrials, and so I designed a UFO fashion. It includes science-fiction bikinis and Bermuda Triangle shorts.
You see, you learn from all your bad experiences, so they're really positive. It's all part of the cosmic knowing.
I sing 'All Apologies' with my own lyrics. People want to sing along, but then, oops, they realize it's a different story.
People who are stuck in a Catholic church, that's OK for them because that's what they need right now.
Maybe one day I'll have a big hit, and the world will make a big sex symbol out of me like they always do when there's a new chick.
You don't always have to have a record out. I'm not a sausage factory, you know, turning out records every year.
It wasn't fun to go to school, because we had to wear these blue things around our necks. We had to join the Pioneer Society, and we had to salute with our hands over our eyes. Even then, I was thinking for myself. I thought this wasn't so different from the way the Nazis had conditioned people.
I sing about heaven and hell, angels and demons.
