American,Musician
Sponsors and networks will really go all out and simply evaluate people on the basis of talent.
As long as we're in a democracy, I have to give what I think the majority of people will enjoy.
Ellington is a writer and arranger, as well as a musician and leader. He does movie sound tracks.
For years, Jazz At The Philharmonic albums were the only ones of their kind.
I allowed artists to play for as long as they felt they could justifiably continue to create.
I don't know who's 18 years old today that, 20 years hence, is going to be a jazz fan.
I don't think I will ever do any tours again in the United States. I rather think that that's over with.
I don't think that jazz, as any kind of an art form, has any permanence attached to it, apart from the practitioners of it.
I don't want to sound as if I'm doing something tremendously special. But I am a jazz fan.
I find myself more at peace when I live in Europe.
I still continue to do at least four concert tours a year, and in many cases, as many as six.
I'm concerned with trend. I don't know where jazz fans will come from 20 years from now.
I'm talking as a professional impresario. I'm not judging anybody at all.
If I were to put on Barbra Streisand and Duke Ellington, one might say the combination isn't good.
If you look at my audiences, even in Europe, they're hardly teenagers.
In 1958, I decided that I was going to live in Europe permanently. So in 1959 I moved to Lugano, Switzerland.
Jazz was uplifted by what I did.
My function at Verve was that of a genuine producer in artists and repertoire.
My juices needed restoring. I needed a sabbatical from the record business.
The history of all big jazz bands shows was, first they played for dancing, and then they played for singing.
The public, hearing pop music, is, without knowing it, also soaking up jazz.
The record companies are interested in the kind of sales they can get from the rock groups.
When I was doing jazz concerts in America, I would use the biggest names I could find.
You will always find a few people in any area that would like things done completely their way.
Ella can work nightclubs that Duke might not be able to work, because of having the big band. Where they go now is strictly a matter of their own names and talents.
Germany is probably the richest country in Western Europe. Yet they wouldn't take any television with Duke and Ella, their reaction being that people weren't interested in it.
