Musician
The darkness of clubs makes me feel much more secure, and you can hide behind smoke and lights.
In our school, there were lots of bands putting up posters saying 'Come to our gigs'.
I enjoy not knowing everything about a musician I like. At a time when you can find out a popstar's favourite animal, I think it's more exciting not to know. I just don't want to tell everyone everything.
The day that you walk out in front of 30,000 people and don't get nervous is probably the day to give it up. It's inspiring to be a little terrified.
I don't find touring very creative. There's not much time to yourself with your instruments.
To perform in front of a room full of people you go to school with would be terrifying. I couldn't do it now.
I can't even imagine how it must be to be a solo artist playing with session musicians.
The xx do not condone guns!
I've never felt any huge intrusions into my personal life.
In the studio, there's no tiptoeing. As opposed to big, blow-out arguments, there are just lots of little solutions.
I was just making music in my bedroom. I never wanted to be onstage.
Normally, I don't like explaining songs. I don't want to kill anyone's interpretation or the story they want to make for themselves.
Romy and I, we're learning how to share the xx with people who aren't in the xx.
When you write songs for your best friends and maybe two other people to hear, and then realize that a million other people are going to hear them, it can be a bit worrying. You get concerned about what you might reveal.
Not to flatter myself, but I know that you can influence people's opinion as a musician, and I don't want to.
I believe with a lot of support shows, people are very much there to see the headliner. You don't necessarily have their full attention, and some of what we do requires a lot of silence.
My writing has changed a lot. From 16 to 19, I've changed a lot. My kind of writing in the beginning was very observational; now it's grown very personal for me. I use it as a diary in many ways.
My own personal goal is I just hope to still write songs and kind of let that sustain me as a job. If I could never have a 9-to-5 job, and making a living doing this, it'd just be incredible.
I feel more confident and like I have more to say. I feel like I'm working more than ever, not just from fantasy, but actual experience. I'm an adult now - I actually have experience.
'Coexist' was tough to make.
Beyonce is very special. I think the super-pop thing that supposedly died with Michael Jackson is still there with her.
I was living with my dad, and I loved it. But I could totally imagine that if I didn't move out quickly, I would end up staying there well into my 30s.
When I finished school, I didn't continue to go to university, because I decided I wanted to do music.
Music is something I can't stop. Whether people are going to hear it or not, I'm still going to make music.
As cliched as it sounds, I'm taking every day as it comes.
I can see myself always writing songs - but I'm not sure if I'll always want to perform.
