American,Musician
Everything changes all the time, and unfortunately, everyone who knows what you do by buying records only hears a small amount of what's going on in your life.
With the power of conviction, there is no sacrifice.
You shouldn't have to pay for your love with your bones and your flesh.
'Hell is for Children' is amazing to do every night and 'Promises in the Dark' and 'Love Is a Battlefied,' of course, but my absolute favorite would be 'Heartbreaker.' It's the one that started everything, so it has a very special place in my heart. And it still rocks every night! It's so fun to do.
Love and pain become one in the same in the eyes of a wounded child.
There are so many young women coming up through the ranks. Adele is an amazing singer. Beyonce has great stage presence. She's just a beautiful woman. I love how everyone has just taken charge of their lives and careers.
I love Katy Perry and Lady GaGa. I think GaGa's pushing the envelope every day and I really like that.
Everything must change, everything must move forward.
Before I put another notch in my lipstick case, you better make sure you put me in my place.
Most chick singers say 'if you hurt me, I'll die'... I say, 'if you hurt me, I'll kick your ass.'
You don't want to trash what you've done; that's your history.
People's lives change dramatically over such a long time period, and I think that if you're still vital, and you're still interested in writing and things like that, of course your music evolves and reflects where you are in your life.
I don't care who's on the label, because I have a job to do.
I wasn't a visionary but I literally had my finger on the pulse of the women of America.
I never looked at people or singing as commodities.
I like Lady Gaga because I like that she pushes the envelope.
I love Katy Perry, she is a wonderful pop singer.
First of all, I'm pretty private about my personal life.
When you have girl children they torture you!
If at any moment of the day I ever think I'm remotely cool at all, which is hardly ever, I have two daughters who make sure that never happens.
When the first record came out, I'd go down to radio stations pretty much every day to get the record played, and I would walk in and they'd tell us how much they loved the record, but they weren't sure how much they could play it because they were already playing a girl.
But the soul of touring and the heart of it is basically every day is like putting up a circus tent.
If you're retired, it's a blessing. You know, if you want to keep working and doing what you want to do, it's not a blessing as all - it's a curse.
It was very difficult when I was trying to figure out how to have a marriage and babies and do this at the same time. There was no handbook. You were making it up as you went along.
When you have girl children, they torture you! If at any moment of the day I ever think I'm remotely cool at all, which is hardly ever, I have two daughters who make sure that never happens. They say, 'Mom, you didn't really wear that?' And I say, 'Yes, and pretty much everyone saw it.'
