American,Musician
Smile at a stranger. See what happens.
Anybody that goes to the theater, I think we're all misfits, so we ended up on stage or in the audience.
I just love chickens.
A show is exhausting when it stinks. It's exhausting when you have to work overtime to make something work.
I just create, that's what I do.
All my career, I've said this: Critics and producers think audiences want actors that only present the silhouette and hit the points in the silhouette. What I do is too dangerous.
In America, it stands out, because it's raw, it's big, it's emotional. My face is raw, big and emotional. It didn't work for the longest time.
A well-rounded performer will listen to all kinds of music. I like classical, Middle Eastern, and rock a lot.
I learned a long time ago from David Mamet to wipe your feet at the door, get it out on stage and then go about your life.
I played the tuba in high school. I wanted to be a member of the marching band. I thought, what can I play that has the most effect? What can I play to get people to laugh?
I think Madonna is a wonderful performer.
I'm totally Italian, but I'm not a diva. If you could see the way I'm dressed in daily life, that's not a diva. Appearances are so not important to me.
The theater is a tough place. It's not cushioned the way it is in film and television.
The word diva to me means doing something supernatural with something natural.
To be nominated was enough, but when I won I the Tony I just felt relief.
We're not show-business people. We have a life.
I am in musical theatre, but it isn't necessarily what I listen to in my leisure time, do you know what I mean?
I think that Stevie Nicks is one of the greats. Steve Nicks and Grace Slick and Janis Joplin have the real rock voices, to me.
I knew when I was a kid that I had a Broadway voice. I wanted to be a rocker, because I grew up in that era of transistor radios at the beach.
The only thing we are as actors are messengers. That's all we are. Correct? We are delivering the playwright's intention through the concept of the director. And I come on stage; if I feel confident in the role, then I give it away.
I love what I do, and I love the audience, and I love the fact that I get to do it, and I love, I love our craft very, very, much, and it's a noble craft. We have a responsibility to it, and to the audience, and to the playwright, and to the message. I won't ever care less.
New York seems to be thriving, which I'm grateful for. But I would hope that they would figure out how to negotiate the traffic and limit the pedicabs, because it seems to me that it's becoming a more chaotic city.
I don't listen to the contemporary pop artists. They all sound alike, anyway.
My favorite band was The Band, and nobody compares in my mind with The Band.
My favorite composers are the ones that tell the story. I love Wagner. I love Mahler. Prokofiev. The programmatic music. I listen more to classic rock because I don't like the contemporary music very much.
Nothing has ever come easy for me.
