American,Musician
When I was a kid, those were carefree days without much pressure.
I'm not a Pat Benatar clone. I wish people would forget about that comparison.
I'd love to have a Christmas classic under my belt. It's hard to write a Christmas song.
I haven't always made all of the right decisions from a career perspective, but things worked out in the end.
Tennis players shouldn't get married. It hurts your game.
You had to have a great voice or talent as a musician before imaging or marketing plans came into play.
In the past, I've allowed myself to record songs that I wish I had not, but agreed to for one reason or another.
It's funny. You travel all over the world, and you wind up with a guy from your hometown.
I'm able to do nothing.
It took a while for me to figure out how it all fit in, being a mother and being a woman and being a rock singer.
Scandal rarely toured after those first few hits. I want to go out and sing and connect with fans who may have never seen us live.
You had to be tough to survive in my neighborhood.
I've lived most of my life in Manhattan, but I lived in Brooklyn for a while as a kid. I went to junior high school there. Girls in Brooklyn have to be tough - I mean real tough - just to get by. It's life in the combat zone.
When Scandal had a top 20 video, no one knew what I looked like. I had all this stuff on me.
When 'The Warrior' came out, Scandal was no more.
I went through a period of being disillusioned with touring.
Honesty is always hip.
I'm a lead singer of a band, and that's so enough. It's not like I need to have my name on everything. The new name 'Scandal, Featuring Patty Smyth' was just to make it clear that I wasn't leaving the group.
I partnered with Headstrong because they give free and fast mental health support to our veterans who are most at risk. There is no red tape, and they get help within a day or two instead of weeks.
We shot the video for 'Broken' where both my parents grew up. There was always a strong sense of serving our country in the neighborhood - my father and all my uncles served, and most of them enlisted.
I listen to country music. I listen to jazz. I listen to R&B. I listen to Jimi Hendrix a lot.
The more rocking, the better.
When you have a different mother, you want to be in her world. Because in mine, I didn't feel like I fit in.
Being a mom was a full-time job. I was never willing to sacrifice everything for my career.
Bios are always so dull and boring.
Back when I first started with Scandal, I felt like I had to carry a lot of the weight because it was up to me to sell those songs.
