American,Musician
There's something about the sound of a train that's very romantic and nostalgic and hopeful.
I was eating in a Chinese restaurant downtown. There was a dish called Mother and Child Reunion. It's chicken and eggs. And I said, I gotta use that one.
As long as you have capital punishment there is no guarantee that innocent people won't be put to death.
Someone told me it's all happening at the zoo.
Listen to the sound of silence.
Who am I to blow against the wind?
You want to be a writer, don't know how or when? Find a quiet place, use a humble pen.
Anybody can do bad work, but not everybody does good work.
Why am I so soft in the middle when the rest of my life is so hard?
Music is forever; music should grow and mature with you, following you right on up until you die.
It's a big error to think that because you like somebody's work, you're going to like him.
If you can get humor and seriousness at the same time, you've created a special little thing, and that's what I'm looking for, because if you get pompous, you lose everything.
Improvisation is too good to leave to chance.
We've survived by believing our life is going to get better.
I try to open up my heart as much as I can and keep a real keen eye out that I don't get sentimental. I think we're all afraid to reveal our hearts. It's not at all in fashion.
I'm more interested in what I discover than what I invent.
When I began making my own albums, the songs became funkier. They were more about the streets.
Faith is an island in the setting sun, But proof is the bottom line for everyone.
We had many more points of agreement than we had points of difference, but we did differ, and the bigger we got, the more insistent we got that each one of us should have his way.
My voice is my improvisational instrument, the melody instrument. The guitar is harmonic structure. I'm not a good enough guitarist to improvise on it.
The words of the prophets are written on the subway walls and tenements halls and whispered in the sounds of silence.
Artie travels all the time. The rehearsals were just miserable. Artie and I fought all the time. He didn't want to do the show with my band; he just wanted me on acoustic guitar.
Without Arthur's voice, I never would have enjoyed that success.
We were always able to sing and blend well together; that's our gift. But aside from that, we're really two different guys.
People often called us perfectionists, but we were not looking for perfection. We were looking for some kind of magic in the music.
I suppose an artist takes the elements of his life and rearranges them and then has them perceived by others as though they were the elements of their lives.
Being an artist doesn't mean that you're a good artist. That was the bargain I first made with myself: I'd say, I'm an artist, but I'm not really very good.
Artie is a singer, and I'm a writer and player and a singer. We didn't work together on a creative level and prepare the songs. I did that.
There must be 50 ways to leave your lover.
A man sees what he wants to see, And disregards the rest.
My life so common it disappears and sometimes even music cannot substitute for tears.
The thought that life could be better is woven indelibly into our hearts and our brains.
I don't believe what the papers are saying They're just out to capture my dime, Exaggerating this, exaggerating that.
All lies and jests, still a man hears what he wants to hear and disregards the rest.
