Musician
If you can remember anything about the sixties, you weren't really there.
I wouldn't have expected an audience of ours to burn down our equipment.
I don't blame it on the Hell's Angels. I blame it on the people who were there.
I believe the Rolling Stones wanted to play in Golden Gate Park.
One of the main things we learned as a band in those days was not to be the headliner.
Compared to what they were, rock concerts now are like business meetings.
When we toured... I was hungry to take out people like Jeff Beck in front of us; Fleetwood Mac, just before they hit; Heart, just before they hit.
Then you get to be involved with all the people, meet all the beautiful girls, get all the good food, get ready and locked in before all the crowds hit.
Correcting it, I don't know; just shedding the light of day on it is a first major step, being one of the earliest generations not to just accept the words.
I was raised by the Christian Brothers, who believe in that, fortunately. They were, to me, the most rebellious arm of the Catholic Church - and one of the most liberal and forward thinking.
I think most non-Christians who try to be good people are probably better Christians than Christians.
It's a lot of random situations that combine in a certain volatile form and create a bigger-than- the-whole situation that nobody could have predicted.
You couldn't have fed the '50s into a computer and come out with the '60s.
There's that thing about the '80s, the '40s and the '60s, and the '30s, the '50s and the '70s. Something about those odd decades in this century that weren't too pleasant.
The '80s seem a real positive force. The '70s were deadening, in a lot of ways.
You can't plan for the future, because some guy's going to land in a spaceship with three heads and a big beak and take over everything.
We printed all the words out because otherwise nobody would be able to understand them.
The studio scene in California is sort of ridiculous anyway.
We're giving RCA another record, and that should finish them.
Maintain yourself and everything maintains itself around you.
The starship thing is really political action and reaction, the natural outgrowth of Volunteers.
You can't just sit around and make protest albums all your life; eventually it comes to the point where you have to do something.
What we're saying now is you have a choice: You can stay, or you can go away.
