American,Musician
What would rock and roll be without ambition, craziness, danger, and fun?
I'm attracted to creative people and train wrecks, and there's no shortage of that in Los Angeles.
I feel confidence in myself, but at the same time there's these cracks in the facade and those little things underneath that are unstable.
When I heard 'Dookie' by Green Day for the first time, it unlocked something in me, like, it's totally okay that I'm a little bit weird because these guys are a little bit weird. It made me want to pick up an instrument and do that.
If anyone saw Fall Out Boy's first 400 shows, we were the worst band of all time.
I'll be honest: I was a super-late bloomer, and I was kind of a prude.
I think people who just know me from my band think I don't like pop music. The truth is I love pop music.
I don't get on stage and give a social diatribe. I am a performer and an entertainer.
I think hair is just, like, the most important thing about you.
I was totally into cartoon babes when I was a little dude. Cheetara from the 'Thundercats,' then Jessica Rabbit, and finally I moved onto a real-life human being and was into Punky Brewster, and then Christina Applegate on 'Married with Children.'
With marriage and fatherhood, I've finally found two fixed points in my life. They've taught me patience. They've also taught me that I don't need to feel guilty about being happy. My emotional seasons are less extreme.
I had aspirations to do different things with my life. I wanted to play soccer. I wanted to be a lawyer. Serendipity.
The only good thing about times of adversity is that you realize who your real friends and fans are - and the rest go away - which in my mind is an OK thing.
I think it's important to look at the world as a bigger place than just the bubble that we live in. It's so easy to get caught up in things of a trivial nature.
As a kid, I always went to therapists; the first time was when my parents were separated on my sixth birthday, then on and off since then.
I don't think I understood guitar rock as well as I probably should have. I don't think I understood bands like Led Zeppelin. In their era, everyone had such a regard for them because of them ushering in rock n' roll and this larger-than-life lifestyle. But then they had these songs that would just not stop. I didn't fully get it.
I think we live a culture that's obsessed with people, you know, 'Celebrities are just like us!' Everything I do except my job is critically analyzed online.
Fall Out Boy never pretended that we were anything but pop-rock.
I like idolator.com a lot. Every once in a while they shred me on there, but it's usually pretty funny.
There's nothing worse than watching an old wrinkly guy going, 'Hey, baby.' You're like, 'Dude, that's lame.' It's cool to fall in love and grow old with someone.
I wish I had never taken naked pictures of myself on a phone to send to a girl. It's the worst thing ever.
I think I ended up on 'People's '50 Most Beautiful People' list just because of eyeliner, which is kind of a bummer. But if you do find the right color, it will make your eyes pop.
In the past, my brain would never stop. Now I'm a father; the world no longer revolves around me. When I'm with Bronx, he's got my complete attention. He's the only thing that occupies my thoughts.
Boys in bands are more difficult to deal with than one-year-old babies. I've been one of them, and I am one of them, but it is the truth.
I love writing, but I have that E. E. Cummings idea that as long as you stay inside the rules of your own world, it doesn't matter what it is.
I'm not as well read as I was when I was younger - I just devoured books.
I think you need something to take care of in order to figure out who you are as a person, and in that way, being a dad has levelled me out more than anything. You've just got to be good for that person no matter what's going on in your head that day.
I think that the first part of the art is making the art, but when art really becomes art is when it belongs to somebody else.
I think Kurt Cobain and Nirvana represent this giant wave that came crashing in and turned music on its head again, and there's definitely something to be said for that.
