American,Musician
Pop music, disco music, and heavy metal music is about shutting out the tensions of life, putting it away.
I get to play a scorching lead guitar, and there's not much that's more fun than that.
Every country has it trade offs.
The groupies are far more real now than there were then.
Elvis deserves a lot of credit for bringing the blues to middle America, not the Vegas stuff. The early stuff, The Sun records, and the first few RCA records. He was wonderful, he had the power, the drive, and he was so dedicated to his music.
Getting to play the blues has been transcendant for me. I can't say if my finest hour is yet to come, you want to make a dent in this world, well I do anyway.
Hitting a baseball well, as in cricket, is a very rare skill. One of most difficult things to do in the world to do, hitting a ball coming at you at ninety miles an hour with a round bat. Wonderful to watch.
I am a still friend with Dave Crosby, he's a weird duck but I like him a lot.
I am more of an old black and white movies fan.
I did as well as I knew how and have nothing to be ashamed of.
I don't know about friends, but what time I spent with The Beatles they were very courteous to me.
I have never done Cult TV before, the convention was good. It gives the fans a chance to meet the celebrities. Connect with the guy that used to be a bunch of coloured dots on your TV screen.
I like to listen the blues and some classical.
I never listen to music in the house, I listen to music in the car.
It was so much fun to do, play the blues and then play a Monkees' set on the same night.
Michael Sunday and I are the original members of the band. We first did it just for charities and benefit concerts. It was very ad-hoc, and before we knew it, we were really a band. We went through several drummers and guitarists before we were happy with the line up.
My most favourite gigs that ever happened were solo, before The Monkees ever happened.
No, in 1968 I still wanted to be a Pop Star, and be about the music. Now, I want to be just about the music.
Oh, the most fun thing I've ever been asked to autograph was breasts.
Only one of us would usually sing lead. Which most of the time was, Mickey or Dave. They thought it was perfectly a natural routine, because Mickey and Dave saw themselves as TV actors.
Original Monkees' songs were produced very thinly, on purpose.
Pop music is aspirin and the blues are vitamins.
Put you energy into music. If it fails you, you can become an accountant or a dentist. And then if you become a dentist or an accountant, it's too late to become a musician afterwards.
Ringo is one of the world's true humans. The only one out those four guys, who did not have an agenda. Ringo was just into the music.
Shoe Suede Blues is ten years old this year. The Band consists of four members.
The blues brings you back into the fold. The blues isn't about the blues, it's about we have all had the blues and we are all in this together.
