American,Musician
I think aerobics are great, of course, but it just bores me out of my mind.
I'm a big fan of the effects of alcohol.
Well, darkness with humor... I'm not an extremely suicidal or sad person.
I think all recent music sucks, and that includes Type O Negative.
I just like being a social experiment sometimes. I really should not be allowed in public. But I just go out into the public just to see people's reaction. The thing is, I can do anything I want, virtually, within reason, just to see people's reaction.
Yes, there are times when I get extremely depressed and how I sublimate those feelings is through music.
I hate the human race. Of course, therefore, I hate myself the most, because I am the least of the human race.
I like to put on hardcore when I have to clean my apartment, which I hate to do, but it's motivational. I like old heavy metal when I'm outside working on my car. Music has definite functions for me.
I think anyone who has an opinion, and voices it, will offend someone.
So I don't cry anymore, I just beat people up. It's a lot more fun.
There's a lot of things that go on when you're on tour that cannot be controlled. I'm not even talking about myself, but of course there's sexual activity and drugs, fighting and language; it is certainly not a place to raise a family.
Instead of slashing my wrists, I just write a bunch of really crummy songs.
If they weren't laughing with me, okay; if they want to laugh at me it's better than nothing.
It seems to be that southern Europeans are just more intimate socially, whereas I like a lot of personal space - like, a mile from the nearest person is fine for me.
It's bad poetry executed by people that can't sing. That's my definition of Rap.
I just like being a social experiment sometimes. I really should not be allowed in public. But I just go out into the public just to see people's reaction.
When I wrote songs like 'Everyone I Love is Dead,' I never thought about how I was going to execute them live.
I think I've changed a lot as a person.
I feel that I've grown up a little bit and I'm actually ready to settle down.
Sometimes, I write '60s or '80s style pop songs.
I've always been very image prone, along the lines of bands like Black Sabbath and even Devo.
One of the things I've always personally tried to stress with this band was to have some kind of visual aspect and to be consistent with it - like, not to change.
I don't know what to say to that, but I have to agree with Johnny that, yeah, we do touch upon things that most men would rather not admit: That we feel pain, we cry, get sad and sometimes don't deal well with disappointment.
I've been told by people that it's okay to cry but, you know what, it's been used against me.
As far as humor goes, I've always been a very insecure person and I've always wanted to be liked.
I used to try to run five miles every other day, which I worked up to and I was doing it, but I was subjected to my own thoughts for forty minutes without any sensory input, and I couldn't stand what I thought.
