American,Musician
I love when things are transparent, free and clear of all inhibition and judgement.
Everything that we experience every day leaves a long-lasting impression.
I like anything sweet.
It's not possible to experience constant euphoria, but if you're grateful, you can find happiness in everything.
I am overly ambitious, because I realize it can be done.
The more I can make a person comfortable in their environment by taking my ego's hat off and leaving it at the door, then they can dive deep within themselves and we can pull out something interesting that people have never heard before. It's the stuff that's - that no one's ever heard before is really interesting.
I only entertain very close friends.
Some people say there's nothing new under the sun. I still think that there's room to create, you know. And intuition doesn't necessarily come from under this sun. It comes from within.
You treat the air as a canvas and the paint is the chords that come through your fingers, out of the keyboard.
I wanted clothing that I couldn't find, so I decided to make it.
I love when things are transparent, free and clear of all inhibition and judgment.
I think all music is a gift from God.
The keyboard is my journal.
I just like being a kid. I enjoy it, I don't want to grow up.
'Entrepreneur 'just denotes that you recognize that you're doing things across disciplines and that you're blazing your own path.
Fashion is more about feel than science.
I don't want to end up being a circus act, doing my most famous tricks when I'm 70.
Living your life 40 floors up, looking out every day on ocean and skies, you see the world from a different point of view. It's like living in a very interesting fishbowl, but since no one can see up here, it's like a fishbowl with a limo tint.
I love making music, though. I love playing.
Alber Elbaz is just a genius. He'll be in a dinner jacket and he doesn't care what time of day it is: I love that about him. He just marches to the beat of his own drum.
You can't get anything done hanging out all day long.
My ideal travel companions are my family.
I'm always consciously trying to make what I feel is missing.
I'm just very thankful. And I say that a lot because that's the most important message.
Some of us get a feeling when we hear music and we feel music, and you want to figure out how to continue to feel that.
You don't know what people are looking for. What you know is what you feel like might be missing. It's up to the people to agree with you or disagree with you, and you'll know in their reaction.
I have an all-Japanese design team, and none of them speak English. So it's often funny and surprising how my ideas end up lost in translation.
When I'm in the mood for room service, my favorite order is a peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwich.
When it comes to luggage, I am an underpacker.
My favorite Dominican dish to indulge in is anything with crab.
Most of the time, I see what I see, I search my feelings, and then I make my decisions based on my gut - and I don't always make the right ones.
I like to browse and just hang in bookstores.
The people have allowed me to - they've respected my choice of wanting to be like, a little, you know, a baby alchemist, and just trying to mix different cultures together and things that I think are interesting.
Iconic artists are never straight ahead. Michael Jackson loved Elvis and Burt Bacharach, and uniquely blended both of them into what he did.
I'm a fan of music, first and foremost. So I do things from the perspective of a fan.
I'm a producer. I'm a musician. And my job is to come in and, you know, put - you know, I treat all of the artists that I work with, like, you know, the way da Vinci was looking at Mona Lisa, you know, there's an interesting backdrop.
Lyrically, I could be so much sharper. Melodically, I could be so much stickier. Musically, I could have so much more texture. So I'm constantly doing that, trying to find new ways to mix things up.
I learn a lot from my experiences and collaborations. Most of my collaborations are meant for me to learn.
I'm like a little boy from Virginia. I'm a backpacker. In my head, I'm left of centre. I come from the pool of weirdoes.
I'm like most people. We just concentrate on the present. I live right where the film is going through the film projector and it hits the light.
