American,Musician
I'm just myself. That's the best way to put it.
You just got with the flow because life is just all about how you feel.
There's always gonna be setbacks; there's always gonna be knockdowns. There's always gonna be people telling you, 'Hey, you suck!'
I like to be quiet and play guitar and just chill.
In order to find yourself, who you really are, you got to be with yourself; you got to hang out with yourself.
You can't get tired in the studio. It's really tough. But you just gotta keep on going.
If you like something, rock it. If you want to rock a cape every day, go for it.
I don't know what people think of me.
I'm hungry. I'm ready to grow.
I might wear skinny pants one day; I might wear thrift shop pants the next day.
I started making music... I guess I was 12, and I started playing 'Guitar Hero.' And you know, it got to a point where on expert, you can only exceed to a certain point. And so, you know, I was like, 'Let's play real guitar. Let's not waste more time.' So, I got my mom, I told her to buy me a guitar for Christmas, and I started making music then.
I think a show is more of an interacting with fans than you just singing songs.
Miami is always super, duper lit.
It's not normal for a white guy to get corn rows; a lot of people judged me. I like the way it looks, so you have to be confident.
I'm just a fun guy.
I was a sad kid.
I am just creating the music I enjoy to make, and people seem to enjoy it.
I'm a pretty happy guy.
Stevie Nicks is dope.
There are times pop music is the end result when I'm in the studio, but I don't really go in and say, 'Today I am going to make a pop song,' but it can happen.
Bieber's like my brother at this point.
I'm just trying to make music everybody can get happy to and vibe to and turn up to. So long as I keep making good music, everything's going to be OK.
I'm trying to bring a little bit of every type of sauce into one type of sound. Something that's really fresh.
My dad was always playing music. Not, like, playing music but listening to music.
There were some times when I just wanted to quit making music.
When I was up in New York, the first record my parents bought me was the Terror Squad record with 'Lean Back.'
