American,Musician
I just think Valentine's Day is a day to really appreciate the person you love, no matter who it is, and to spend time with them. I don't think it's all about fancy presents or whatever. I think it's about spending that quality time with that special person.
Most of my fans know I love video games. I say it in every interview, so they know. But one thing that I like doing is skateboarding, I like jet skiing, skydiving. It's like a huge roller coaster ride. Like forty seconds of free-falling. That's some of the stuff I love, daredevil stuff. I like horseback riding.
My parents and grandparents listened to bacheta heavy, the true bachata from back in the day - Juan Luis Guerra, Anthony Santos. I liked the genre, but I remember thinking, 'OK, enough of this.' I would sing Usher's 'U Remind Me' to the girls in school.
I represent New York, I represent the Bronx, I represent the Dominican Republic. And I always have that in mind with everything that I do.
I go skydiving often. At least twice a year.
I grew up having two different perspectives - one in English, one in Spanish. Two different cultures, very different - but I think that, to me, it's one. I'm just as American as I feel Latin.
When I was working at the Sprint store, I got laid off. I was bummed out, but I stayed positive. I used the money I had earned while working there to make my first album. Without that job, maybe 'Corazon Sin Cara' would never had been made. It's a very inspirational story.
My dream girl... well, I love eyes. And lips. She has to have nice lips!
I think behind every great man there's got to be a great woman, whether she's your wife, your girlfriend or not. I'm not gonna say that there's not that special girl out there. But I'm in the music biz, and I'm focused on the music.
All my fans are my girlfriends.
There's just something about being on stage and being with the people that, once that camera turns on, you find the strength to keep it cool, look good, act like you're not cold, act like you ain't nervous, act like you aren't scared. I think that comes with confidence and practice.
I like Miami in the winter: there's no humidity, no bugs, no mosquitoes. You go out and wear your jacket, and you're all good!
I would definitely love to work with somebody like Jay Z or Rihanna.
Girls love emotion.
I'm very clumsy, so there's been a lot of times I've tripped in front of girls I'm in love with or spilled food all over myself.
My friends and I were the class clowns in high school, so one day we were showing off at our seats, and I fell off my chair! I had to get stitches, and I had a bloody lip. I was trying so hard to be a cool class clown!
I think when you translate songs, you lose the real essence and the meaning.
My Valentine's playlist... you're gonna have to play some Ginuwine. You're gonna have to play some 112. You're gonna have to play some Confession - Usher's - back in the day. You know, a little bit of Prince Royce there, too.
I don't think I've ever had a bad Valentine's Day, I mean... c'mon, y'all know I never get a bad Valentine. Nah. Um, no, I've never really had - I don't have a bad Valentine's Day. I never really think... it doesn't come up to my mind.
I think that Valentine's Day is only as good as you want it to be. You know, I don't think it should be anything fancy, nothing crazy. As long as you're spending time with that person that's special, I think that's a great Valentine's Day.
I remember when I was working at Sprint, I'd work on my birthday, New Year's Day, and even Christmas Eve. I'm just used to working on my birthday, so I'll be celebrating it afterward.
Media always comments if I wear the same thing twice.
I grew up in The Bronx. I mean, I was born and raised in New York City. And I started singing in Spanish because I was always just connected to my Latin roots.
My parents are Dominican. I would always go to the Dominican Republic, and I fell in love with Bachata, which comes from the Dominican Republic.
I sang in English my whole life; I just happened to decide that I had a passion for Latin music, and I wanted to jump into Latin music first.
I try to always motivate young kids who want to be singers or actors or whatever it is they want to be that anything is possible with hard work. It doesn't matter where you're from or what language you speak - as long as you work hard, you can achieve those goals.
