American,Musician
Wealth is just consistency... I don't want to be rich. I want to be wealthy.
History repeats itself. So you might wanna pay attention.
We just feel like history repeats itself. You ain't never going to see nothing brand new; you're only going to see when records are broken. And we're here to just set records and set trends and follow the footsteps that have been shown to us.
Being spontaneous is a blessing.
I'd open doors for anyone who opens doors for me.
People want to know where I'm going, and I just don't ever know.
Can't even see without my vintage Versace frames. I don't go nowhere without them on. I can't even live without them. Every time I throw them on, I see all the haters, and I see where the money at.
You gotta give everybody a new trend a new wave, something new to do.
I'm just willing to try different things. But you gotta keep it all making sense.
Our first album didn't work because we tried to be something we're not.
We are creating the new Atlanta, along with Rich Homie Quan and Young Thug. We bring the spaghetti, put it in the bowl, mix it together, and we make the new Atlanta.
You have to take over your town in order to take over your city.
Girls run the world.
We kind of like the new Outkast.
The people we grew up watching and listening to - Outkast, Gucci Mane, Hot Boys, Lil Wayne, Master P - all that type of stuff, we took those styles and made it our own.
Shout out to my boy Guwop. We came in the game, and we learned from the best.
I feel like we can learn from each other by us, being the young generation, giving knowledge to the older guys.
We gave the world dab fever!
There ain't nothing that we need to be worried about. We just need to be in the right lane where everybody else be in the left lane.
If you want the Migos to come to your venue, you need to have security there because of the type of music we're rappin'. We get fans excited.
On my first day in office as President Quavo, I'd move my whole family into the White House. Second, I'd pull all the troops back. Third, I'd raise the minimum wage to a good, nice amount so people get paid.
I couldn't follow nobody's rules.
I knew I was going to be somebody.
I want to thank my momma for pulling up. I want to thank my boys who was with me since day one; thank you for pulling up on me.
When you do it yourself, you feel better.
I'll tell ya, when you open up that can of dab, it's always fresh.
We make songs like a factory and put them out.
As artists, we're always going to like the songs we just now made over the songs we made a year ago.
We just compare our lifestyle to movies so you can relate to them. When I say, 'I bought a carpet from Aladdin so I could finesse and do magic,' that means I had to get me a new whip or I had to get me something in disguise to work my magic, to finesse, to get out of here.
All these police treating our people wrong, man. Black lives matter, but we got fans of all different colors, so all lives matter.
Whatever makes your head nod, that's want we want to give you.
The artists that we grew up listening to was also independent like Master P, like Birdman and Lil Wayne. Those are the people that we wanted to model ourselves after. Throwing on the Cartier frames, the army-style fatigue jackets.
We just here to do our job.
We want you to pay attention.
It should take you 15 minutes to make a song, and then get out of there.
Hip-hop was started on groups.
The greatest MCs came out of groups; the greatest singers came out of groups. So you can't tell us we're not MCs.
We know the fans love us to death, and the people that hear out music love our music.
We're gonna give you a great show.
I used to get butterflies. Now we're always ready to hit the stage and rock out.
We the voice of the young world. We the voice of the people.
We not trying to do what everybody else is doing.
My vision and my creative ability is just so broad.
We always trend set.
We had to get serious and hit all aspects. We had to graduate. That's what you got to do: reach all people across the nation.
We gon' be around for a long time.
We need the world to respect us. They consume a lot of hits and just act like it wasn't... I ain't never seen nobody make these many hits and not get notified for it. And change the game like we did and bring the flow to the game the way we did and not get noticed for it, like the the big way - the real system way.
We laid the foundation before we went to a major label.
Atlanta embraced us. We have so much respect for them, and they have respect for us.
We always did everything ourselves.
Every time we get days off, we try to go home and record five or six songs.
We always make music and continue to make hits.
I done made music with Makonnen, Frank Ocean. We all make great music.
Straight up. You can't mess with Jay when it's time to come play.
