American,Musician
There are a lot of people who give you the message that maybe you are not good enough, and the best thing you can do for yourself is to block out all of that noise.
My biggest fear is that I'm not good enough. I have this voice in my head that I've been battling for years that says, 'You're not really talented enough. You don't really deserve this.'
In general, I think the world is a good place if you work hard, believe in yourself, have good intentions, and if you are kind to people, I believe that good things happen to you.
I learned that I truly am a fighter and that I cannot give up.
I can beatbox. Well, sort of. I have one beat that I can do, but people get fooled.
The adventurer in me would love to visit Patagonia, Chile.
Wherever I go, people are so kind and so lovely and so warm and show their best self. So I feel very lucky.
I'm one of those people at the airport holding a pillow like a little kid.
I do a lot of visualisations and meditation and a lot of hippie stuff.
I got a little bit lost in the writing process: like, that moment in the 'Fight Song' music video where I'm throwing the crumpled paper on the bed, that was really true life. I was filling journals with different possibilities of lyrics for the first verse. And none of them felt right.
I have always loved music. My mom used to sing with my sister and I when I was younger, and I was in choirs and loved to perform, but when I was in college, I went on a study abroad to Trinidad, and while I was there, I sang backup at my first concert.
I'm a fighter, and I don't take no for an answer.
I feel like I have some stuff that matches 'Fight Song,' not in necessarily the message exactly but in the emotion and honesty.
When I wrote 'Fight Song,' I was in a particular low point. I needed to remind myself to not give up, that I still believed in myself and that I still had fight left.
I had my first concert in front of 80,000 people at the International Soca Monarch Finals.
When I got on stage, I felt this bolt of electricity hit me, and it was this shock of, 'This is exactly what I'm supposed to do with my life.'
I played cover gigs and traveled the country in my mom's old car, and my drummer and I set up a fake email and sent it out to agents. We pretended to be our own agent.
Andy Grammer is probably the closest friend I have in the music industry, so touring with him was just incredible. He's such a soulful, kind guy, and he gives great advice. And he also scares me a lot. He does a lot of pranks.
I learned a lot from playing those late-night, 1-to-4 A.M. gigs with my band, and playing when no one was listening.
Vocally, I have learned to find my strength, and my voice has developed a lot since 'Be Here.' I learned to sing with all of my body.
I have a song about being in love. I have a song about being supportive. There's inspiring ones, and there's some that show a little bit more fun and daring. It really is a range of who I am.
No matter what, I still was gonna make music, even if it was on a small scale. Even if it was just for me.
It didn't scare me to be vulnerable because I think that's when you get something great.
I used to visit London when I was younger with my family. I feel very close to the city.
I used to feel it was too late for me; I'd had my shot. You couldn't make a pop star out of me.
I think you find universal truth when you get really honest with yourself and you can reach people. If you go deep enough, you have that core feeling, and that feeling can transcend the details of your experience.
My mom is a therapist, and my dad has a doctorate in psychology, and growing up, I felt 'very understood.'
I work extremely hard to stay positive and happy. But I get sad and anxious, too, just like everyone.
Food-wise, oh man, I tend to really indulge on vacation because a lot of my friends are incredible chefs. One friend makes an eggplant parmesan that is heavenly and melts in your mouth, and another makes a chocolate pudding that I can't resist.
I'm a closet outdoorsy athletic enthusiast, and I would love to do a rafting and hiking trip someday and maybe sleep in a treehouse and bathe in a chilly winding river.
It used to break my heart that I didn't get to start in varsity soccer!
I wish I'd gone to music school or just started playing in bands sooner.
I didn't grow up with musical influences in my family.
Lyrics are very important to me. I like speaking to women and saying what I mean.
I like to be supportive and a role model.
I like structure, cool, hip songs, and fun, hooky music.
I get really excited about other female acts. I feel inspired when I see another women succeeding in music because it makes me realize that if they can do it, I can do it.
I refuse to dress 'hot' for Halloween, 'cause I always have to have makeup and hair and look cute for my job. So on Halloween, I either go gory or weird or funny.
I have volunteered for Musicians on Call for the past 12 years because of the incredible one-on-one experiences in hospital rooms when no one other than the patient and I would remember the love that was exchanged.
Music truly heals, and I am so grateful to have learned that through Musicians on Call.
There's a joy I think people feel from... my performance.
I think what people respond to, and what they're responding to so strongly, is I'm very myself on stage. What you see in person is very much who I am on stage.
Even if the songs are at times painful - 'cause some of the songs are not all roses and balloons; some of them dig into deep things that I've been going through - there's a joy that I think people feel from my music and, hopefully, from my performance because I am so in love with doing what I do.
