American,Musician
You're one of the most natural, great singers I've heard in a long time.
I can't touch Simon anymore.
My ego is really good. I don't need to watch myself on TV, like some others.
Figure out who you are.
The pop-star thing bores me because it's somebody programming someone else. Stand over here, sing that, no, sing it like this, talk like that, when they ask you this, don't say that, say this, hold that, drive this, stay here, live there - you're not even a human being. You're a puppet.
You can never go more than three or four hours without having something to nibble on or eat - you have to graze all day long.
Accept who you are and try and make the best of that.
You never know what the future brings.
Kelly, Kelly, Kelly. I love your voice man, you give me chills... Brilliant.
There is a lot of territory out there still to explore TV-wise, show-wise, movie-wise, everything.
I always wanted to be a leading man!
I think any show after the Super Bowl will have huge numbers.
I don't want to be held down by genres so much.
Well, basically I have a lot of friends because I've been in the business a long time and worked with a lot of people.
Every label thinks, when they sign someone, 'This is the perfect pedigree to sign. They're cute, they can sing, they can dance, et cetera.' And they say to the public, 'Here, this is what you're gonna like.' But you might say, 'No, I don't like that!' You'll probably say 'no' many more times than you'll say 'yes!'
The public always picks quality.
I was having serious issues with becoming a diabetic.
If I'm paying money to come to see you, you shouldn't look like everybody else in the crowd.
You can only be free as an artist if you're free as a person.
If you can turn your wants into your needs, you can do anything.
I'm actually a pretty good tennis player!
I used to think I was a singer; I had my own delusions about it.
I've sung background for a couple of bands.
I'm a much healthier eater and I've lost quite a bit of weight over the years.
When you're used to being in the public eye, if you've got a disease, you've got to own up to it. It's about being about it, not running from it.
I chalk up the fact that I got diabetes to my body saying, 'Dude, you have been doing wrong for way too long!'
