American,Musician
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone.
I have a lot to be thankful for. I am healthy, happy and I am loved.
For me, singing sad songs often has a way of healing a situation. It gets the hurt out in the open into the light, out of the darkness.
I don't think quantity time is as special as quality time with your family.
All the money in the world can't buy you back good health.
Be different, stand out, and work your butt off.
It's very important to surround yourself with people you can learn from.
I just try not to judge. Don't judge me, and I won't judge you.
My goals have changed throughout my life. At one time it was winning awards, selling out concert dates, selling more albums than anyone else. Now, my goals are to see my grandchildren grown, live a long and healthy life with my family and friends and travel the world.
Being a strong woman is very important to me. But doing it all on my own is not.
I exercise at least five times a week with stretching, Pilates, push-ups, planks, sit- ups, squats and light weights.
The biggest challenge in my life is getting all these kids raised. I've helped with nieces, stepchildren and my own son, so the biggest challenge is making sure the kids are raised and finding enough quality time with them.
When I left, after my divorce, when I left Oklahoma, I never looked back. It was the future. It was looking forward from then on.
Waiting makes me restless. When I'm ready, I'm ready.
Finding a good bus driver can be as important as finding a good musician.
I had lots of breaks. I guess the one that got my foot in the door was singing the National Anthem at the National Finals Rodeo in Oklahoma City in '74.
I treat myself pretty good. I take lots of vacations, I eat well, I take supplements, I do mercury detox, I get plenty of sleep, I drink plenty of water and I stay away from drama and stress.
I have learned a lot about myself and come to deal with a lot of things that, at first, bothered me.
Besides, I'm a gypsy at heart and I like to travel around.
When you're a very ambitious person, the things that are disappointing are when other people around you aren't as enthusiastic.
That's what is so great about being able to record a 13-song album. You can do a very eclectic group of songs. You do have some almost pop songs in there, but you do have your traditional country, story songs. You have your ballads, your happy songs, your sad songs, your love songs, and your feisty songs.
I have the attention span of a 2-year-old. I like to jump from project-to-project.
When onstage, I always try to take my audience through as many emotions as I possibly can. I want them to go from laughter to tears, be shocked and surprised and walk out the door with a renewed sense of themselves - and maybe a smile.
You don't waste your entire life waiting to go back to dust.
Everything I've done in my career is a result of growing up in rural Oklahoma, because if I hadn't had the training from Mama and Daddy to work hard, to do what I'm told, to take directions, to mind and to do a good job at anything I set out to do, then I wouldn't be where I am today.
I just love motherhood.
I love to sing with different people.
I love to wear boots - and shoes, I don't like at all.
I've never turned my back on country music.
It's funny how many people will come to Vegas to see your show where they might not come out to see you unless you come to their hometown.
I was one of the very first people to ever do a video in country music.
I totally love to act. I don't care if it's a musical, a comedy. I just like to work and interact with other people.
I always wanted to be an actress. I always wanted to be a movie star.
A good song has to have a great melody, and the lyrics have to touch my heart. Now, if it's just a little toe-tapper, got to make me feel good somehow or another, or when I sing it I can't make you feel good.
Being sexy is kind of funny to me. You know, I can get kind of spunky or I can get tough, you know, that kind of tough, sexy look. But sexy? No, I don't think so.
When I got into the music business in 1976, there weren't many women on the roster. As a woman, you don't complain; you work twice as hard, and you do your job.
You've got to stay current and up with the competition. The main thing, though, is finding the greatest songs you can possibly find.
I'm open to any kind of situation in a song as long as it touches my heart.
I always like story songs, Dolly Parton, Tom T. Hall, Mel Tillis, Red Stegall, when they'd do their story songs. I was totally enthralled.
I grew up in southeastern Oklahoma on a working cattle ranch, and it was always very romantic to me: The West, the cowboy, the Western way of life.
