American,Musician
I'm happy, I would say that I'm one of the happiest people I know but I've certainly had periods of profound sadness, depression and heartache and those are the kind of things that are interesting to me to write about.
I love when people get songs wrong. I love when people take something from a song that's totally not what I intended!
I think I do better when things are a little tougher.
When things are too easy I lose interest in them so I find ways to complicate them to get myself interested.
But I'm just having fun playing and giving Botox injections to the older songs.
I think really what I'm saying is that I thrive on adversity.
Doing my own album provided me the opportunity to say whatever I wanted.
It's funny; Luther and I have written many songs together, but we've never written songs in the same room.
But more importantly, I think he remembered how very close I was with my own dad, who had died in 1997.
As a songwriter, there's nothing better than winning Song Of The Year. But I couldn't really celebrate, because it wasn't right. Luther wasn't standing next to me, to receive the award.
One time Robert Plant was set to check into the same room after I checked out, so I removed every light bulb and ordered up a bunch of stinky cheese and put it under the mattress.
I fell off stage and bruised some ribs. The worst part was that the audience didn't realize I was gone.
I didn't want my last chapter to be the guy who sits at the piano and sings love songs.
In the past, there has always been so much pressure about carrying a show and promoting a record.
I'm now so keenly aware that I have everything to prove and nothing to lose.
I've never written a song that I thought was a hit.
The only thing that's a little tricky about it is sometimes people assume that if it's a new song, it's a reflection of what you're feeling or going through now.
People take songs so literally.
I really didn't have any plans to record prior to doing My Own Best Enemy.
So it was just a case of getting a bunch of songs that I had been writing for years but hadn't recorded together, and the result was My Own Best Enemy.
I've always loved groups like U2 and Coldplay.
But once you have some success in one style, the business wants to lock you in that vein forever.
I understand that, but this disc shows the type of music that I've always liked and wanted to make.
I don't think I've ever laid out a batch of songs that pick myself apart the way that these do.
My joke, which isn't really a joke, is that there will be one of two tours: the tour for the album that does well, or the tour for the album that stiffs.
I have complete freedom, and there's no way to get pigeonholed or bored. What could be better than that?
