American,Musician
I think good art does come from a dark place.
If the timing's right and the gods are with you, something special happens.
Karma is not just about the troubles, but also about surmounting them.
I've always liked the heavier stuff. I've always loved Tool and System of a Down, Korn and Nine Inch Nails.
You're always searching for the thing to heal you, and I thought therapy would give me that. But it didn't - it just helps you recognize your demons.
I've never said, 'I'm squeaky clean.' It's always the people who project that image that are hiding something. No one's squeaky clean.
I'm thankful for serendipitous moments in my life, where things could've gone the other way.
It's a rock 'n' roll thing to have one-night stands.
Puberty hit me very hard, and I basically had no use for school once I discovered the guitar.
I get inspired at different times and in different ways.
I can't imagine that anybody is as screwed up as I am.
Other than dying, I think puberty is probably about as rough as it gets.
I learned to read and write and socialize in school, and that's pretty much it.
The danger in promiscuity is that it's always barking at your heels.
I meditate. Meditation helps me.
Over all life is what it is and regretting is a pointless thing.
The whole point of me doing a Christmas record and what I centered it around was the song 'Christmas with You' from the point-of-view of the soldiers in Iraq.
I was more than just a moody artist.
You always want to feel you're not the only one going through something unpleasant.
Every actor wants to break out of the box that they put you in and that's where I'm heading, out of the box as fast as I can.
There weren't a lot of girl singers around. Paul McCartney and John Lennon were the guys I looked up to.
I don't want to mix the identities. Noah Drake isn't Rick Springfield.
When someone pursues music through your music, that's the greatest accolade anybody can get.
My first crush was Hayley Mills when I was a little kid in England. I used to kiss her picture goodnight.
Residuals from Australia, from the Mission Magic show, saved my butt. So there is a reason for everything.
Being a songwriter does not rely on an audience or other band members or a camera. I can just sit in a room and write songs.
The first guitar I ever got was for my 13th birthday.
I used to cut guitars out of a piece of cardboard to copy the Strat look. I used a backwards tennis racket for a while and graduated to the cardboard cutout.
Yes, all my songs come from personal experience and relationships.
I'm surrounded by great guitar players.
I write to be truthful in my songs, which is why I wrote what's painfully truthful about my life in my autobiography.
There were times when I've not wanted to be in my own skin, and that's a very scary feeling.
I have seen my mugshot.
I don't ever expect to be permanently happy. I don't think that's part of the human condition.
You can tell when someone has had a facelift and I haven't had a facelift, and I look like I haven't had a facelift.
Relationships and the stress of the world going down, it puts a lot of stress on people, you know financially.
I love acting.
Young female voices are the loudest voices of all with the fans.
There will always be rock stars, but I don't know how much depth and longevity they'll have.
When you have a kid and people go, 'What a beautiful child,' it's the same kind of reaction when you play a song that people recognize and love.
As I've gotten older, I realize how important my fans are and that I'm here because of them and not the other way around.
You never really shake depression and that's a tough road you have to deal with.
My wife and I have built trust with our children and have always had open communication.
