American,Musician
I always felt like my future was at stake every time I stepped on stage and that was kind of hair-raising. At some point I just went, don't be frightened, you can't do anything wrong, it's your show.
You never know when you're making a memory.
You can't break the rules until you know how to play the game.
I spent my childhood in an imaginary world - probably because I needed an escape. I think that's one of the reasons people have imaginations - because they can't maintain existence here.
I never knew when I was gong to leave. I might be walking over to a kid's house, then of all a sudden I would just stick out my thumb and hitchhike across three states.
There is no fear before and no fear after. We give our best.
I didn't have any great job prospects.
My family in general - they're troubled or poorer people.
I put out a recording of me singing mostly jazz because I wanted people to know I'm coming from a jazz background.
I want to work and be happy.
I had a terrible manager once who described my career as 'spiraling downward.'
In my opinion, the Republican Party is the last on the list to care about the needs of old people and children and poor people.
It's OK to not be political unless your country is falling apart.
I'm so positive.
Somehow credibility comes into play if you do things that are too familiar.
I'm terribly human.
I'm easily destroyed and I operate on emotional levels.
I really enjoy creating music onstage, to participate in making music live.
I get weary of reading about rebirths because we're all growing all the time and it diminishes the life you've lived if you say 'I'm a new person.'
When I was single my career was my life, so everything I did was of grave importance and was greatly disturbing.
I've always had an active imagination.
For the most part, people use God as Santa Claus.
As a musician, I've accomplished what I hoped to accomplish.
I'm respected, I'm still working, what more could I ask?
Whatever it is Christ said doesn't get a fair shake. There's not much written, it was done 150 years later, and it was used to create an empire. So can we get rid of all that and just see what the guy said?
Popular music has always had its really horrendous stuff.
