British,Musician
Before every show, I have to put perfume on. I know the crowd's not necessarily going to smell me, but when I smell good, I feel like I can dominate the room.
I just love pretty things, whether it is art, a song or a pair of shoes.
I will always love red lips.
Know yourself; keep your circle tight. Keep your friends and your work circle tight.
You always have to sacrifice something when you want to achieve something.
Every person has a signature. Just some people don't know it yet.
It's a terrible feeling being lonely.
I was always that girl who loved music and thought of music as an escape route.
For me, a fragrance is another way of leaving an impression on somebody.
I've always been into looking different.
I was always getting told off by my choir teacher for, you know, riffing when I shouldn't.
To save your own hair, wigs are literally the way forward.
It was my dad's idea to change my name from Sahatciu to Ora. He said it would be easier to pronounce.
Girls have always wanted to be pretty, even in Egyptian times. Cleopatra wore all that eyeliner, you know.
To me, it doesn't matter who you are or where you're from - if you're a good person and you got my back, I got yours.
I never think too hard about a look. When you consider an outfit too much, that's when it goes wrong.
Listen, sharing my life with people is just part of my daily routine.
I walked into this industry blond with red lips, and I will leave this industry blond with red lips. Mark my words.
When it comes down to the music, it's just you and the microphone. It's not you and the record execs.
One day I will settle down, when I have achieved everything I wanted.
Every girl, without fail, loves to look at a sexy picture of herself.
I don't get jealous - I get suspicious.
Clothes are fun. The designers have so much fun making them, you should have fun wearing them, too.
I don't know what flirting is, really. Sometimes in women, friendliness comes across as flirting. That is not what it is.
Unfortunately, being a brand is really important nowadays.
I'm a massive fragrance fan - I think fragrance is part of someone's hygiene, and I'm a big believer in leaving an impression through scent.
I don't know what it feels like not to have a great family support system - I was lucky to have that.
I'm most scared of failing, of disappointing people.
The worst thing is when a guy just looks awkward. It's not attractive.
I really have paid my dues. When I get to stay in fancy hotel suites these days, I remind myself of that.
When I was a kid, I'd spray paint my hair, cut clothes up.
My mum and my dad are the sweetest couple.
I was signed at 18 and had to grow up quickly.
You can tell an honest artist from one who's just given all their songs.
I'm often mistaken for Spanish or Latin descent.
I am committed to glamour.
There was a point in school when I was, like, thirteen, that I didn't feel comfortable at all.
I think that if you've got a great support system around you, and a great family, and a tight team around you, I think you don't get lost.
Some people may look at you almost like a fantasy at times, you know; some people don't think you're real. Because people forget that celebrities are humans too, sometimes.
I never knew how small L.A. was until I started to work here.
I'm basically just a normal girl from West London who speaks from her heart and who loves music.
I don't really have that many judgements on things, or crazy statements that I feel like I have to put across.
I don't really remember much about Kosovo. I only remember growing up in London, where my parents had to basically start from scratch.
I don't ever use dancers, and when I do, it's literally, like, four break dancers.
Daphne Guinness was amazingly comfortable in her skin, and she has an amazing collection in fashion that I wish I could just touch.
I got obsessed with makeup and makeup artists when I was young, with people like Kevyn Aucoin.
I feel like I'm a character already, as in, like, I love dressing up.
If I could live in a cabaret, I would. If I could live in 'Moulin Rouge,' I would.
People like Prince don't have to care about anything, but they care because they want music for the future to be great.
Jessie J is a great, great girl. I'm a friend and have always been a fan of hers. I'm happy to see her doing her thing.
When I was younger, I did my first audition at 'Eurovision.' I was about 17. After my first audition, I blacked out; I was just like, 'I can't do this.' I'm not knocking it or anything - it's been around for years. I'm just very, very happy I made that decision myself. I think that's one of the best decisions I've ever made.
I love my pop music.
'Glamour's always special to me; they gave me one of my first U.K. covers, and I was so excited when I found out I got a cover for it, so, I always, always have a special place in my heart for 'Glamour.'
The first album I bought was the Spice Girls, ha ha.
'Roc The Life' is a song I wrote with The Dream, who made 'Umbrella,' 'Single Ladies' and loads more.
Gwen Stefani's style and flow I just love. She is so cool to me!
I love masculine cuts with suits and chunky jewellery. My hair is so glam, it balances it out, and it's comfy!
I'm like a dude. Jordans are my favorite. I wear them all the time for shows. I can get girly-girly when I want to, but I can't perform in heels. I would bust my face open on stage, and we don't want that.
One time I tried to use the bathroom in the dark, and I missed the toilet, and I fell on the floor.
I'm too busy for relationships.
I was in Boots buying contact lens solution, and my mobile went off. It was Jay-Z's partner at Roc Nation asking me what I was up to. He asked if I'd been to America, and I said, 'No.' Then he said, 'I'm putting you on a flight to New York tomorrow.'
Beyonce is this massive star, but she's incredibly humble. But it's weird because even though I love her, she's my boss's wife.
My dad wanted me to go down a more academic route. He is very much about sticking to the rule book and sticking to the blueprint of a successful career.
I don't know how 'X Factor' works. I was only there as a guest judge for a day. But I watched 'The Voice' a lot; I respected how it came across on TV, and I love the freedom we get as coaches to do what we want.
You know what a wifey means? It's like your other half. Like when you get married, like, that's your wife!
I am normally the manly-ish girl on the planet.
I'd love to be the female Kanye. I think he's so cool and effortless.
It was so much fun working with Rimmel. We're inspired by many of the same things: fashion, color, sounds, style, life in general, and London in particular.
I think people take the word 'feminist' really seriously, and I think people are scared to use that word.
When your time comes, you need to grab it with both hands.
Social media is so influential now.
To me, I have my friends who I've known my whole life, and I can count them on one hand. They're people I went to school with, my mum's friends' daughters. You know?
American Apparel does great colourful basics that you can customise.
Chanel is my ultimate weakness.
I love eating at my dad's pub, the Queens Arms in Kilburn. It does a traditional Albanian spinach pie.
The best thing Jay-Z ever taught me was patience.
I used to wait in line for Jordans. That's how much of a freak I was.
I'm very spontaneous. I go with my gut.
I've loved music. It was my first everything, but fashion and clothes is just the next step.
I'd love to do a whole soundtrack to a movie.
I think it's a big deal to have a great soundtrack for a movie.
I love the idea of being part of a campaign that captures the spirit of New York and the stories of women here, passionate about their dreams.
I end up doing selfies 'cause I am so sad.
I'm really excited to be chosen as a VEVO LIFT artist. It's a great opportunity to reach millions more music fans with my sound and let them see the real Rita.
My first tour sold out in Glasgow, and they were one of the loudest. I couldn't hear myself.
Anytime I go on Twitter, there's always the good but the bad as well.
I don't vocalise things that don't deserve attention.
Twitter... can ruin your life.
When you're involved with someone for a while, and they decided to express their feelings to the public - that's not my personal way of therapy, but I guess everyone takes split-ups differently.
In this industry, all the heads of labels are men, but every artist has to prove themselves, regardless of their sex. I have always been very vocal about the women sticking together.
I was completely shocked that Prince would even know my name.
A music video is so different to doing a movie.
I get so nervous, I get belly pains before I go on stage.
I'm the weirdest person.
I watched 'Kill Bill,' like, three times.
I have 20 wigs at home that I play with.
When I perform, I usually wear wigs because I love them.
Conquering America for a U.K. artist is incredible because that's what everybody wants and dreams about. The accomplishment is dominating a market which you aren't familiar with.
Music expresses - you express yourself with music.
My dad took on every job he could get. He worked like mad. But then, at some point, he had saved up enough to open his first pub.
Streetwear for me is what I was raised wearing in London, and my style influences growing up were always people who wore streetwear.
I love getting dressed up and glamorous for the red carpet. It makes me feel powerful and sexy!
Growing up in London was the best.
I love the Scottish accent; it is very sexy.
You should communicate with your other one. Understanding what they are on about is pretty key.
I love how you can look different, and it changes your mood.
If I can help one person, why wouldn't I?
I always remember smelling Chanel No. 5 at home - my mum used to literally pour it, and she rocked it.
I mix my fragrances with body oils - I love body oils, so that's my little trick.
Without my music, no doors would have opened, so I am forever grateful, and I am always going to be singing. But yeah, when the other doors open, why not walk through?
Kerastase and Bed Head have really good products.
I used to do ballet all the time, and I do this ballet workout: it is an amazing thing called Barrecore. It is like pulsing. It turns your legs into, like, jelly, and you feel like a Bambi; you lose so much control over your body because you're pulsing so much.
If you really want something, you'll make it work.
I have a few properties, some in the U.K., some in the States, some in Kosovo. It's a nice little empire - I'm trying to create something so my family can be all right.
My childhood was great, my family was great. I wasn't in a mansion, but we made it work.
When people come to my shows, they're like, 'I can't believe you can actually freaking sing!'
Madonna, Michael Jackson, Tina Turner, Audrey Hepburn, Marilyn Monroe - they were myths of greatness.
Everyone wants a love song you can dance to.
I think the good thing about Macklemore is that he is very precise about what he gets involved in. As you can tell, he's very passionate about what he puts his name on, because he talks about things people don't usually talk about, and his concepts are very, very passionate.
I think music will thrive where it wants to.
The album is never finished until it's on the shelves!
When you perform, you can convey emotions differently, and your look can reflect each of those emotions.
I try to do one thing a day that makes me proud of myself.
I wouldn't want to do an average fashion line. I'd want it to be an amazing piece of art.
I'm scared of a lot of things.
A steamer is like an inhaler, so you can inhale this oil or frankincense or eucalyptus. Before I go onstage, I spend half an hour taking in that steam, and it saves my life!
I'm a huge Bruce Springsteen and Duran Duran fan.
I'm just very good at pretending.
I literally touched down in Kosovo and the president, prime minister and mayor were waiting for me to get off the plane. Apparently that's unheard of. They don't wait for nobody.
Sometimes I see people writing the most ridiculous things about me.
A New Yorker is anyone who has the guts to really live in the city.
I don't feel like myself without the red lip. I feel like I'm taking a risk or something without it.
Fashion is this obsessive narrative that people don't understand but they can't stop looking at.
I've been going to Bicester Village since I was young. My mum and dad really loved that place, and I always used to stock up on clothes. I love the fact that it supports great British designers.
To me, British fashion has a story. It has history, and I feel it's very much about our culture.
I love how music and fashion are so similar. We need each other.
My beauty icons - and this sounds cheesy - have a beauty that comes from inside.
If I'm not working and getting my makeup done, that's my chance to do a hair mask and a face mask and my plucking and waxing and all of that.
Eyebrows are really important because they structure the face. In school it was funny because I was always the one walking around with tweezers plucking my girlfriends' eyebrows. I was really good; eyebrow tweezing runs in my family - my mother used to do mine, and I picked it up.
It took me a while to understand that I do have a voice, and I can use it to help people.
I can't cook.
Between sixteen and eighteen, I was singing anywhere I could, in bars or down at the pub.
I don't want people to think that someone gives me something to wear, and I'll put it on.
Being a Mum is a big job.
I just want to be in a relationship.
I speak fluent Kosovan.
