English,Musician
They used to complain at school that I looked out of the window for long periods of time - that sums up my life. I like to look out the window, do nothing, daydream.
I can turn on some jazz guitarist, and he won't do a thing for me, if he's not playing electrically. But Jeff Beck's great to listen to.
The cello is such a melancholy instrument, such an isolated, miserable instrument.
Combing my hair doesn't make me a better musician.
If a ballet dancer falls over, it's knowing how to get out looking clumsy that counts.
Simplicity is the key.
The only way you can get good, unless you're a genius, is to copy. That's the best thing. Just steal.
When you're around someone good, your own standards are raised.
Jimi... He was the gov'nor and that's it. He was brilliant, wasn't he?
Session work makes you more strict. You can't hit notes all over the place. You've got to make each one really count.
When you're recording, if you're not really clean in your playing, it sounds like a mess.
If you can play well in the studio, you can play well on stage.
I'm not into that Keith Richard trip of having all those guitars in different tunings. I never liked the Rolling Stones much anyway.
I can do the old hand vibrato just fine, but I like attacking the strings.
Playing a Fender is an art itself. They're always going out of tune.
I've always played every amp I've ever had full up, because rock and roll is supposed to be played loud. Also, that's how you get your sustain.
Learning to play with a big amplifier is like trying to control an elephant.
I can never remember what I do even in the studio.
I like leaping around on stage as long as it's done with class. None of this jumping up in the air and doing the splits.
Pete Townshend used to crash chords and let the guitar feed back. He's overrated.
I have never met one person who likes Grand Funk.
When you've toured for about 10 years like me, you end up feeling like you're always waiting for somebody or something. The whole day is a drag.
What's the point of re-releasing an album? The original sounded good, why change something about it?
I don't see myself as such an important guitarist.
When something is not good, it's bad. Period.
Those record companies don't know what's happening at all.
