Canadian,Musician
You don't stumble upon your heritage. It's there, just waiting to be explored and shared.
The native music of North America, the original-roots music of this country, is also the underworld music of this country.
If I can play one note and make you cry, then that's better than those fancy dancers playing twenty notes.
People go through periods when things are dark and cloudy, and they talk dark and cloudy.
I asked Bob Dylan to paint the album cover for 'Music from Big Pink.' He said, 'Yeah, let me see what I can come up with.'
There is an extraordinary collaborative spirit when you are learning and growing.
Sixteen years on the road is long enough. Twenty years is unthinkable.
There's something so healthy about young people speaking up in unity.
The Band was rebelling against the rebellion. The rebellion went to a place where it became too obvious, too trendy, like you were just following the pack. So it was our choice to get off the bandwagon - no pun intended - and do things that were in our background and what was the most honest thing to do.
Boy, do I got some stories to tell.
A lot of times when you're making a record, you put your head down and charge forward until you're done. You just hope that the ideas hold up, because you're kind of lost in your own storm.
It's easy to be a genius in your twenties. In your forties, it's difficult.
When I was younger, I thought I was too young to really be personal. I thought that what I was feeling and thinking might be half-baked.
Do you know what a skin walker is? It's a thing in Indian mythology. There are certain people born with this gift, and they're able to actually get inside you and mess with your feelings and with your mind. And if a skin walker chooses to get a hold of you, there's not much you can do.
I play guitar quite a bit, because I'm always in search of something. I don't play to jam, but because I'm fishing. I'm looking for something, that I hope you can never find. If I do find it, I'm afraid I won't have a need to do this any more.
I always like to keep one hand in the tepee and the other hand in the synagogue. Wouldn't it be great if there was a combination of the two? You could go to synagogue, and it would be really hot in there.
I am fascinated by the places that music comes from, like fife-and-drum blues from southern Mississippi or Cajun music out of Lafayette, Louisiana, shape-note singing, old harp singing from the mountains - I love that stuff. It's like the beginning of rock and roll: something comes down from the hills, and something comes up from the delta.
People think I left The Band and spoiled this whole thing, and that's not what happened. Nobody broke up The Band. Nobody ever said, 'That's it, we're done.'
I've been really fortunate that I've been at a lot of critical crossroads in my musical journey. When I look back, there are some pretty interesting things to look at.
I love traditional music. But in any culture around the world, there is the historic and cultural music and everything that's been passed down and passed down, and hopefully you take that, and then you take it, you know, the next distance, and then somebody else takes it the next distance.
I remember from my earliest years people speaking, you know, in a certain kind of rhythm and telling stories and sharing experiences in a way that was different in Indian country than it was other places. And I was really struck by this and obviously very affected by it, because it's always come out in my songs.
Think about the number of people who do film music, make records and have a Native American heritage - and I may be the only one on the list.
Most of my younger Native American friends are not in any way looking for sympathy, and they're not looking to lay guilt on anybody. They have their dignity, and they do what they do.
In a lot of groups, you can change a musician, and it doesn't mean anything.
One of the things I feel very strong about is the achievement of the Band really being a complete band.
Music should never be harmless.
I'm really lucky because I found myself in a position where I can do whatever I want to do. I can make records, produce records, make movies, or I can do nothing. I'm not a slave to the dollar.
When you look at that period when Warhol and the Velvets and the Stones were doing things, it was this intersection of art and music. And then it went away.
I admire those old road dogs, Willie Nelson, Bob Dylan. That's their life.
Record making is an extraordinary experience.
I like to work on records when I feel inspired, not because it's expected of me.
My mother is extraordinary. She understood me and never tried to hold me back.
I never really had a teenage experience. I went from childhood to maturity, and in some ways, it short-circuited me emotionally.
I could never be a movie star and get up at 7:30 to be at someone else's studio.
Musical revolutions, I don't know how many I've been through.
I was a storyteller for The Band. It was never, 'Hey guys, here's a song about what happened to me.' I was always more comfortable writing fiction.
It's extraordinary that revolutions taking place around the world were sparked by communication on the Internet.
You never know what could be interesting tomorrow.
I'd always thought Cage's 'Root of an Unfocus' would be great in a movie.
After the 'Last Waltz' concert, it just seemed very healthy to me to put making a record as far out of my mind as I possibly could.
My mother was a Mohawk, born and raised on a reservation, and when I was a kid, she would take me there to visit her relatives.
I thought of a lot of people from the same era when I was making a lot of records that had continued making a lot of records. A lot of it didn't seem terribly inspired.
To find a new star in the sky is pretty hard.
I'm not an activist.
In Americana, the facts and the dreams seem to be all the same to me.
I come from a family who prided themselves, both sides, on memory. And I was told growing up, constantly, that I was born with a really good memory.
I really have to feel a sense of freedom in my storytelling.
I don't know - it's a bit of a mystery of how things come about when they do. I don't have a scientific explanation for it. Sometimes when you're writing a song, you don't know where you're going.
I think, some countries, you have to be dead to have your picture on a stamp.
There's a bookstore in New York where you could buy scripts, and I got addicted to them because they were easy, quick reads... and the pictures were so vivid.
Working on 'The Last Waltz' introduced me to Martin Scorsese, and I had been a movie bug since I was a young kid.
For years after 'The Last Waltz,' I got all kinds of silly movie offers - or, maybe, not silly, but parts that are not my calling... lots of offers to play some wonderful boyfriend.
I've always been in love with that Delta-flavored music... the music that came from Mississippi and Memphis and, especially, New Orleans. When I was 14, I was in a wanna-be New Orleans band in Toronto.
A lot of people from my generation can't write songs anymore, or it's really hard and it's an unpleasant experience. I don't feel that way at all.
The kid at 9 or 10 who knows who Billie Holiday is... that's the coolest thing ever.
I'm always optimistic.
Some music is supposed to be disposable; that's OK. A lot of music is fun for today, but it isn't supposed to be timeless; it's supposed to be trendy.
Bob Dylan is as influential as any artist that there has been.
I think that there's always great music being made. Always has been, always will be.
Some people love some music, and they hear it a year later and they think, 'What was I thinking?'
Chuck Berry told me if it wasn't for Louis Jordan, he wouldn't have probably ever even got into music. That Louis Jordan changed everything and made him want to become a musician.
When I was playing with Bob Dylan in, like, 1966, I was, like, 20 years old.
My mother told me when I was a toddler and in the crib that they would have music playing, and the thing when I lit up was boogie-woogie or something out of the Louie Jordan period of sometimes big bands, and then all kinds of things.
Time is not kind to everything.
