English,Musician
You go through life wondering what is it all about but at the end of the day it's all about family.
I've tried to have a regular haircut, but it just pops back up again, so this is the way it's going to be.
My big brother still thinks he's a better singer than me.
Instead of getting married again, I'm going to find a woman I don't like and just give her a house.
Fast cars like Porsches and Ferraris - they are things of beauty.
You've got to have this burning desire in your chest to succeed.
I've tried many other hairstyles, but it just doesn't work.
You shouldn't be in the music business if you're posing.
Well, there's not a day goes by when I don't get up and say thank you to somebody.
Half the battle is selling music, not singing it. It's the image, not what you sing.
I'm proud to be a railway modeler.
I'm a rock star because I couldn't be a soccer star.
I'm proud to be a railway modeler. It means more to me to be on the cover of Model Railroader than to be on the cover of a music magazine.
You can be with one of the most beautiful women in the world and still be unhappy.
How can my son not be straight after all I've said and done for him?
I've always been worried about the band but I've got to the point now where I think it's time to start thinking about myself a bit more.
My musical taste has always been wide. I started out as a folky before I moved on to blues and soul.
As you get older, your metabolism slows down. You've got to admit it. It's nothing to be ashamed of if you have lived your life to the full.
I think I was always looking for that perfect woman, who obviously doesn't exist. I wanted to be married. I wanted more kids. I'm a family man, at heart.
I hated singing and getting up in front of crowds.
Surely if God had meant us to do yoga, he would have put our heads behind our knees.
Brewing a good cuppa is something not everyone can do, and I loathe bad tea.
I've never been more in love with anyone nearly half my age than I am today. I'd get married in a minute if I weren't still married to somebody else.
At my age you don't go into fatherhood lightly.
Obviously, I haven't really progressed that much at my craft.
I have a voice coach, but only in so much as to make my voice stronger so I can sing for five nights a week, two hours.
I've been a golden boy for too long.
I don't have any social life or anything.
I love change, I need it.
If there's one thing I've learned about women, which I try to pass on to my boys, it's listening. Listen to the other side of the story first.
Everybody sung in my family.
I was very fortunate that I saved my money and I still do.
You know, I had no trouble with the girls.
I was a bit of a sleeper-inner.
You know, it's just my dream came true.
I suppose I miss the British cynicism and the humor.
I'm a gentleman.
I tried therapy. This had never appealed to me. For me, it was a bit like a Chinese meal: very filling at the time, but then an hour later you're hungry again.
You learn a lot about yourself doing physical work.
Carrying 200 pounds of velvet and satin around a stage for 90 minutes - that's man's work, let me tell you.
I'm still not good at changing nappies, but I do do it.
Everybody sings from their diaphragm.
I do take a lot of pride in my look and I work out - do work out a lot.
I'm very proud of my well-earned wrinkles, so show 'em.
Listen, if my career was to end tomorrow, I would have no complaints whatsoever.
Like everybody in show business, you think you're going to wake up one day, and it's all going to be taken away from you. I think we all share an insecurity in that way, everybody in show business - the ones I talk to, anyway.
It has gone past me now, the writing phase.
Even by rock star standards, I was pretty awful.
There is this power that comes with being famous.
I had this almost Dickensian look. I was quite fragile.
I got bored of not feeling affectionate towards girls.
I enjoyed the chase.
I always thought I was so fit.
Sometimes I think the playing field is certainly not even. You know, it's just not.
I want to make people aware of early detection.
There's nobody I look up to, really.
I've got Ferraris coming out me bum.
Between 21-30 women go through humungous changes. After that, they've generally achieved what they wanted, and they're more settled.
Women like being kissed.
I see myself at 7:30 in the morning and it's not too pretty.
I did things with the microphone stand that no-one else has attempted to do.
You can avoid the press if you really want to and I don't walk around with five security guards either because I think that just draws attention.
You know my wife, she's 6 ft 1 she can beat anyone up.
You know I think I could give a little more back to charity.
I have a very lively and colourful show. It's two hours of hits and the music speaks for itself.
I was getting worried I may not become a grandfather, but the Lord has blessed me.
I am a man of contradictions, I suppose.
I love what I do.
I've still got a brilliant head of hair, which refuses to lay down!
I shouldn't have got married. My dad told me. I was 35 and I got married. He said, 'You're too young to be married'. 'What? I'm 35'. Said, 'You're far too young. You haven't lived yet'. He was right, bless him, thanks, Dad.
I think, with suits and clothes, if you keep them long enough, they all come back in fashion.
There's no reason why I should retire.
I've always looked on myself as one of a band and never sought a solo career.
I'm shrewd about money; I invest well and look after it. But it's in my nature to be generous. I look after people.
I deliberate over the lyrics; I really do. I'll come up with one line in a day, and then it might be a couple of days before I come up with the rhyming line. It's never been easy for me.
My life has been an open book, really. Everybody knows everything about me.
I am somewhat on the shy side. I know people might find that hard to believe.
I was never a good-looking bloke. Not by a long chalk.
I have lived a great life. I am very happy.
I'll tell you what I love. Sending back bottles of wine that aren't right in restaurants in France! Whoa! I love the French, but I do find their wine snobbery something unbearable.
My father, being a Scotsman, taught me to look after finances. I'm shrewd. Some people may call me tight.
Lyrics are coming to you all the time. I get inspiration in the middle of the night.
I've always been able to get inside a song really easily, and if it's my song, I can make it seem honest.
Songwriting's never been a natural art for me; it's always been a bit of a struggle.
I can't do that wonderful thing that Tom Waits and Bob Dylan do - to do imagery. I'm not good at that. I just write from the heart.
I am passionate about football. My support for Celtic FC has got me through some hard times in my life. I still play regularly, too.
I'm not a great lover of Madonna's voice. She's done very well with what she's got, and I'm sure my voice turns her right off, but she's not my favourite singer.
I have a CBE, and I accepted it with glee because it's not bestowed on you by the royal family; it's not bestowed on you by the government; you have to be nominated by the public.
I do feel a certain love from the British public.
I enjoy a glass of wine, and I love my football. I suppose it's because I'm a real working-class.
