English,Musician
We tend to think of age only in time, but I don't think it has much to do with time at all; there's a whole load of other things. I've met 16-year-olds who are old and 90-year-olds who are young.
I can't retire.
Fifty per cent of rock is having a good time.
My feeling was that I simply didn't have the enthusiasm to do reinvention.
You're better off being a brick layer if you're going to play guitar than a sheet metal worker.
Well, for the My Generation album, there was nothing to be nervous about in them days. We used to take every day as it came. Every day was just a gig and I think we did the recording between gigs literally.
We weren't wealthy but we definitely weren't poor. We were incredibly rich because there was a wonderful community in Shepherd's Bush, where I grew up. All my friends were into villainy and crime.
We were too rough at the edges to be a pop group.
We lived the life with Keith Moon. It was all Spinal Tap magnified a thousand times.
Part of the early Who career was all about knocking people's confidences out.
No, I was two years older than the other guys. I was a war baby. My family were a lot poorer than they were. I'd had to fight too hard for anything I had in my life and to smash things up for me.
My love for the band is still there. It hasn't changed, maybe that's why it's so painful these days.
Monterey, I remember, but I seem to remember the Fillmore West, that we played the week before Monterey. That was much more memorable for me. The first time in San Francisco. They were good gigs.
In those days I don't' think they were even demos.
I wanted to be in a band that shared ideas and were in it together.
I think Pete did have a hard time as a kid with his appearance. But don't all kids have a hard time? God, I had a hard time, too. I was little with bow legs and rickets. I used to get picked on like everybody used to get picked on.
I think if Keith Moon was here today and you asked him to recall most of his early life or most of his life, he wouldn't be able to recall it.
I love Sell Out, I think it's great. I love the jingles. The whole thing as an album is a wonderful piece of work. The cover. Everything about it. It's got humor, great songs, irony.
I know without our fans and the devotion of our fans we wouldn't be here. I don't mean to put them down, but I'm just stating a fact that it is hard to play to people that see you all the time and it takes a lot of fun out of it in some ways.
I don't think there's any way it could have failed. We don't know failure in this band. We didn't know failure. We got to know it a little after awhile but at that time there was no such word.
I don't like Tommy on Broadway at all. I like the music, I'm pleased with Pete's success but I don't like what they've done to it.
I don't know many singers who actually do like the sound of their own voice.
I call it fan fatigue. I went to see Bob Dylan last year, who I think is absolutely incredible, but he suffers from his audience.
I always used to develop a cold going into the studio.
First of all, you have to understand that I'm like anybody else. When I hear my voice on a record I absolutely loathe my voice. I cannot stand my voice.
But contrary to what some people seem to think, I was never a bully. I was just a hard man.
I thought if I lost the band, I was dead. If I didn't stick with the Who, I would be a sheet metal worker for the rest of my life.
I'm a rock god? I'm five foot seven. I had me jaw broken, and so my chin stuck way out. That's how I became tough - I learned to pick up anything and fight back... A rock god!
Who would have ever thought that I'd end up saying that I want to be an all-around entertainer? But that's what I want to be.
Rock & roll was the only thing I wanted to get into.
I love Adele. That's a lead singer; that's the real deal.
A lot of the new people they choose on shows like 'American Idol' and things like that - I don't ever hear lead singers. They always seem to choose to pick people that are great singers, fabulous singers, but they've never got the voice that makes a great lead singer.
