Musician
My friends call me an owl. Apparently, it's a combination of being wise and having big eyes.
I really love that: bringing people together and feeling the love.
I sometimes get asked, 'What's it like, being spotted?', but the truth is I don't, ever. I love that I can walk around, being private.
As a fan of pop music myself, I hate discovering that a favourite track has a completely different meaning from the one I thought.
I taught myself how to use a multi-track tape recorder, which was the first time I recorded myself.
I started out writings songs for what I thought was going to be a maximum of five people down our local pub.
My mum died when I was 11.
Mainstream pop is a bit more introspective and emotional now, like how Adele's 'Someone Like You' is everyone's favorite song, and it's so heartbreaking.
I do love brash pop music. It's fun.
I was a very shy kid and really into art.
I'm happy - despite things that might have happened in my life.
Aaliyah has been an artist I've grown up with, like an older sister.
I love that people can feel the bass in their body.
When you sign over your music to the BBC or Channel 4, you are signing it over, and they either use it, or they don't.
You can't really sit and start singing into a laptop at an airport. Well, you could, but you'd have a lot of sound in the background.
When I think about myself as a teenager going to festivals, you look to the main stage as the main entertainment of the night.
At a festival like Coachella, you're not necessarily playing for your fans. You're playing to some, but there is also a lot of people that have maybe heard one of your songs, but aren't quite fans yet, so you feel like you have something to prove.
There's a place in Dalston, in England, called LNCC, where you have to make an appointment in order to shop.
I lived with my auntie and my cousin when I was growing up, and they always wore black, and I thought it was quite chic. It wasn't a goth or a social group sort of thing.
Rat Records in Camberwell is where most of my record collection has come from. It's like someone with my exact taste in music has handed them all their old vinyl.
Always treat people the way you would like to be treated. My mum told me that, and it often comes into my mind.
I grew up in Wandsworth and was constantly on public transport, as there wasn't much going on around there.
The lyrics - everything I sing, I've written.
I had this all-American cheerleader girl, in Georgia or somewhere, coming up to me and asking for guest list at a show. I never thought our music would reach out to such a broad variety of people like that.
For me, I can sort of sit there and write something down, but I can't develop it. Because to do that, I have to sit on my own and sing. I have to be really alone to do that.
You become friends with someone when you're 16, but by the time you get to 20, you're a completely different person.
