British,Musician
The last show we played, I was straight as a die. It did feel weird not to be hiding behind alcohol or dope, but being focused was... good.
I always want to rock.
I go off into Dublin and two days later I'm spotted walking by the Liffey with a whole bunch of new friends.
I'm a Gemini, so I have a great time with the other guy.
With every gig we have to prove ourselves better than the night before.
Let's face it: I paint well. I know it, you know it. There's no arguing really, is there?
I can't be left unsupervised.
There's a basic rule which runs through all kinds of music, kind of an unwritten rule. I don't know what it is. But I've got it.
You don't make solo albums to have hits.
When I'm left on my own I'm my own worst enemy.
When I first started all this, it was mostly music fans that came along, Stones fans. But now, I'm being taken seriously. I've got highfalutin' art collectors and everything!
When I first saw Jo, I said boom, that was it, because I'm a one-woman man.
What can I say, I'm an alcoholic. It's what I do.
We're great, Jo and me. We're pals, and I guess sex has a lot to do with it. She's also brilliant at clearing a room. So protective, so devoted. I can't believe how much she loves me.
We got touring with the Stones, and people were trying to keep up with Keith. He's like a human machine with a constitution of iron, and they all thought they could do the same.
They say you can smoke 400 cigs a day and drink 20 cups of coffee, but you can't have a line or a drink again.
People often get the wrong impression of Mick. The clever businessman is just one side of Mick. The other side is the same as the rest of us, a true rocker!
My real self is probably more creative and more frightening than any sort of drink or drug-induced state.
My dad lived till he was 78, my mum was in her 80s, and I've got two uncles who are in their 90s now.
Mick says, Would you join the band? I say to him, Mick, you know I'd be there in a New York minute.
Mick has expressed an interest in coming to the gallery tonight because he's seen me behaving myself lately. He is being much more supportive, which is nice.
Jo left me a few months ago for 10 days. I get this note: I'll come back when the real Ronnie comes back.
It's taken folk a while to come around, hasn't it? Even the boys in the band weren't too sure about the whole art thing. They just wanted me to concentrate on the music. But they respect it now.
In my family, they were all big boozers.
I've got an article where my mum says that I used to run home from school to watch the Stones on TV. Right from when I was at college I wanted to be in that band.
I'm terrible with money, absolutely awful. I'm always losing it.
