American,Musician
Singing is about telling a story. When you are onstage, you get to be your own self... When acting, you're someone else.
I've always wanted a 'Full House' reunion, so when you see stuff like this comes back, it's super exciting.
I get inspiration from literally everything and anything. I take inspiration from people, relationships, stories, and I take inspiration from movies I see, books I read and songs I hear.
I might not know who I was yesterday or who I'm going to be tomorrow, but I know who I am right now.
Confidence is the most beautiful thing you can possess.
I live every day, day to day. I will go wherever life takes me. I'm not questioning it.
Time will heal everything.
I'm very lucky; I have a lot of knowledge. My favorite band is The Beatles, so a lot of inspiration for my music comes from them, too.
What you wear onstage is a reflection of your artistry.
You need to experience life to be able to write about friendships, relationships, and heartbreak.
Music is where I started. It's kind of the base of everything.
Everybody has their own story - it's who you are. If I wasn't five-foot, I wouldn't be who I am!
It always feels good to put something you're proud of out in the world.
I'm not quite sure how I would do babysitting.
I can't speak for boys because I'm not one! But I just imagine they think differently.
I've never had to fend for a child's life, which sounds very terrifying.
I loved all of the 'Zenon' movies. Those were my jam mostly because of the fashion. I loved something about the space buns and the weird neon colors. I couldn't just wear that in real life because people would look weirdly at me, but maybe at a party or something.
A bad hair day for me is when it gets flat and greasy.
I'm definitely a hair down girl. I'm a fan of the natural, earthy look.
The number one priority in life is to take care of yourself and make sure you're happy.
I like to emphasize my eyes because if I do it well enough, then they look very blue.
There are a lot of things that people go through, and maybe they don't know how to get through it, and maybe you do, and if you have some sort of knowledge or power, share with the world.
I didn't realize I was in an awkward phase when I was in an awkward phase. It was when I was between the ages of 9 and 11. I was homeschooled. Everything I wore was pink and sparkly. And I had an obsession with headbands. I felt like I rocked them, though!
If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say it at all. And if you do have to say it, make it really funny so I can screenshot it and save it for later.
We all have stories for a reason, and if we keep them to ourselves, I don't feel they would help anybody.
I go through my comments sometimes, and I'll just take snapshots of the terrible ones and send them to my friends. I know it's horrible, but they actually make me laugh. They make my day.
My favorite makeup look was for my 'Eyes Wide Open' video done by Torsten Witte. It was so dramatic and definitely captured the magic of the video.
There's so many things that I've gone through that I want to share because there's other teenagers that are going through the same things or will go through the same things.
I listen to music to when I'm feeling a certain way or to make myself feel a certain way. So why not make my own music inspired by true emotions?
I sing a lot, so if I have lipstick, it gets all over the microphone, so I rarely wear lipstick.
I'm trying everything. But voice work is the best thing you ever imagined. It's not about how you look, and you can go to work in your PJs.
I was really scared to stay home alone when I was kid, and I would freak out whenever there was a noise after my parents left.
As long as I was well fed, I was a very, very nice child. I just used my imagination and played with Barbies. I was pretty easy.
When I'm recording my album, I want to be acting, or when I'm on set, I want to be making music. I guess we'll see how it turns out and which one overpowers the other... but I couldn't really see my life without them, both of them.
I have so many goals and aspirations that sometimes I lose myself.
If I wasn't five-foot, I wouldn't be who I am! My size is a huge part of me.
I think it's such a powerful thing: Words and melodies, and you put them together. I couldn't really picture a world without music. It would be quite boring.
