Nigerian,Musician
Whatever I'm doing, I'm in that moment and I'm doing it. The rest of the world's lost. If I'm cooking some food or making soup, I want it to be lovely. If not, what's the point of doing it?
To be a mother you must be strong. Even if you don't feel it, you have to pretend.
I think you only really feel like an outsider if you've been an insider.
All the cliches of glamorous sophistication have little appeal to me. Do I want to live the British version of 'Dynasty?' No thanks!
When I go into the studio, I completely detach. I let my emotions come out.
I always said that if I could just find a guy who could chop wood and had a nice smile, it wouldn't bother me if he was a thug or an aristocrat, as long as he was a good guy. And I've ended up with an educated thug.
I just aspire to pick people up. That's my ambition.
Once a song's out there, it's no longer mine. And that's the whole purpose of music: to belong to people.
I've never associated myself with other singers, certainly not female singers.
I'm not anti-fashion, but I've always had a bit of a punk attitude. That's important, I think. I do my own thing.
I'm not over the top; I'm not wacky. I'm fairly understated, and that reflects in the way I sing.
From being at art college, I've always hated people that have the gall to think that they're being incredibly different when they're doing something in a very acceptable way, something safe that they've seen someone else doing.
People generally let me be me. People are aware that I'm not someone particularly begging for attention. They hold back a bit with me.
When you tour, you regain the music and the connection with the audience.
London was a really multi-racial city ... It's incredible how comfortable people are with race there.
When I was young, people were almost identified solely by the kind of music they liked. People fell into categories of who liked what.
I'm always late.
I don't like looking outrageous.
When you play arenas you can create whatever you want. At a theater the height of the stage and the limitations of the theater can make you feel more separate from the audience.
My musical career was an accident.
I have no technical training and am completely uneducated in music.
I don't get easily bored. I'm not that kind of person.
I am a reluctant celebrity, in some ways.
I always see myself as much more of a musician than a celebrity.
I've got absolutely no real perception, properly, of time.
I love writing songs.
