English,Musician
We all have an escape. Mine was theater.
I've learned that I've got to keep level-headed.
The day you stop learning and creating must be the most boring day.
It's important to be able to keep things fresh, no matter what age you are, or how many years you've been in the industry.
When I was a 7-year-old girl, in my bedroom, on my karaoke machine, I would sing 'On My Own' or do a one-woman version of 'Les Miserables.'
There's nothing like the buzz of live theater. You put it out there and receive an instant reaction: laughing, crying, yelling, applauding.
I never have celebrity crushes.
I grew up on a tiny little island.
I like to scare myself and throw myself off the deep end.
I love all things Christmas.
I can't comprehend that I'm in the film of 'Les Miserables.' It's one of those dreams I thought would be unattainable for someone like me, who came from nowhere.
I've found that musical theater is my passion.
I would love to have a varied career, like Hugh Jackman. He started in musical theater, then established himself in film, but he still does a lot of stage work. And he does it all beautifully.
I want to make smart choices.
I'd love to be a 'Bond' girl.
I began with dance, doing ballet at 3, then tap, jazz, modern. Then I sang in church choirs, learned how to play clarinet and drums, sang with rock bands and only then did I get into musical theatre.
If I wasn't performing, I wasn't alive. That's the truth. My parents had absolutely no interest in the business, but they knew it made me happy, so they said 'Go for it, girl!'
I love to sing random stuff. That's exciting for me.
I just sing the songs that people don't expect you to sing, because I just love having fun at karaoke and I'm always a bit nervous to sing something serious.
I love singing some Johnny Cash, which is interesting because it's in a guy's key; I love singing Elvis Presley.
I've looked after my money. As I started working around my third birthday, my first check went straight to the bank.
The red carpet is kind of a surreal experience. There's nothing normal about it, so for me the most important thing is to maintain some normality right until the point you get out of the car.
