English,Musician
What I love most about fatherhood is the opportunity to be a part of the development process of a new life.
I do like athletes as they have amazing self-discipline.
The harder you work... and visualize something, the luckier you get.
The arrival of any child brings you a lot of happiness.
I have always strived to do something different, to push myself.
I mean, I'm married first of all to one of, if not the most wonderful women in the world. She is everything - funny, attractive, hard-working, she has integrity, she loves me to bits.
I'm going to make this T-Shirt up saying, 'you can either be right or be happy.'
Packing is my pet hate.
The music industry is really funny, when you have a hit record, everyone knows who are you, everyone wants to do duets with you, then if you have a miss, people suffer from amnesia.
I like to think that I'm trying to choose love over most things, but that's my choice.
You don't have to be singing specifically about things that are going on in your life, but because of the nature of music, because it is this incredibly emotional phenomenon, everything that you are feeling or experiencing is relayed in the music you put out.
People drive everywhere in L.A., so you get very little human interaction... but N.Y. and Chicago are like London... L.A. lacks the social interaction.
I like to think that the Internet and file sharing, if utilized properly and embraced, and I emphasize properly, is a high-powered marketing design.
I do not believe that people should steal music, but I think that fans need a better alternative, hence why I am such a fan of Apple, where you can simply buy a song for $0.99; it is very easy, it is a value-packed service... and this is a result of the shakeup... something has to happen in the music industry.
I don't think we can sit on the fence anymore. We have to make up our minds. And if one wants to choose the path of darkness, then so be it, but be conscious of what it is you're doing.
The world is still a fantastic and wondrous place to live.
I believe that our society is merely a reflection of what is going on inside each and every one of us.
I have no problem putting my feet up and watching football but my mother-in-law is always doing stuff.
People want to sensationalize things. That's just the nature of the business.
To assume that any couple goes without arguing is just nonsense.
I always used to say to my wife, the thing that I loved most about us is that we are a team, we are impenetrable in that respect.
Sport is my passion but I have a way to go.
I'm extremely lucky in that my wife is the chief scheduler.
I do change the odd lightbulb, and I fix the Internet when it goes down, because it's something I am really good at.
When I met my wife, my whole life changed on a dime, really quickly and for the better.
We do live in this age of new media.
