English,Musician
I'm quite into the idea of engineering being beautiful.
I'm well into sort of Santiago Calatrava and people like that.
It doesn't really exist; it's just basically lots of different stages between the two pieces, and you end up with, like, a third shape that doesn't exist but is suggested to you by the image.
It's claustrophobic, and I think it is to do with the amount that we're exposing people to one particular point.
Working in the digital domain, you're using approximations of things; the actual sound wave never enters the equation. You deal with sections of it, and you're able to do so much more by just reducing the information to a finite amount.
We're quite into graphics that are simultaneously two- and three-dimensional. But I can't really elaborate any further because it's not something - we haven't really perfected it.
It's incredible, but I think a lot of people it shot over their heads 'cause they're used to just getting images and messing around with them, and for us to do something quite so 'designed' was a bit of a shock.
We're more into sort of fluid structures that are simultaneously the most efficient, the most beautiful, and the most engineered. You know what I mean? We like the balance you can get in there.
It's kind of like trying to make straight lines from curves, but involving shapes that sort of dictate what the curves are, if you like, and the difference between two separate pieces creates a third transitional piece if you like.
We don't really talk about music that much, to be honest with you. It's not some I usually - I can't really talk about other people's tracks never mind my own.
I don't know whether I'm, like, jumping the gun but it's possible that in the future we may be able to use the information that we can't receive at the moment.
So we should preserve it. I don't think that digital storage is necessarily a good thing, but I definitely think that digital manipulation is interesting.
It just comes down to taste at the end of the day, and that's something you can't really analyze. Yeah, I think to have it all there is basically best, regardless of whether there's hiss there as well.
A mate of mine said recently said a lot of stuff sounds like you're listening to it outside, but also like you're surrounded by it, and I think that's quite similar.
Our live set's become increasingly complex recently; we've been doing stuff that's been vastly too much information for most people to deal with and I think it's quite interesting watching how people behave in those situations, under those circumstances.
I think doing more live stuff's made us feel a certain way about that particular point. I quite like small clubs. I don't really like playing in big clubs, and I think I'm really into the idea of a few people being together.
The music industry over there seems to treat America like it's one territory even though they got offices in different parts of America - they're still quite sort of 'America is the territory.'
There aren't many people who say that Europe is a territory, or Asia is a territory - it'd be suicide. And there are even more people in America than in Europe. I think it's strange, really. I basically see it as loads of different places.
I've never seen America as being one place, but I think the record industry people I've spoken to - although they will acknowledge that the cities are completely different from each other - I think they still handle it as being one territory.
I'd rather be on a label that understands us and allows us to be a bit odd.
I don't particularly care how many records we sell any more because we've kind of bought all the equipment we want to buy.
So when they come around and say they want to do our stuff in America, it's compliment really.
A lot of the Warp stuff has infected people's minds 'cause they're at the point where they can put tracks out, 'cause electronics are cheaper in America and kids are richer generally.
They've been brought up on the best music. It's gonna be so good.
The Internet's kinda in danger of getting heart disease pretty soon, I think. Arteries are getting clogged.
I hate the idea of getting in a building that someone else has designed and having to do something to it yourself to sort of dress it up - it's like using presets in your tracks.
