American,Musician
We live in a pretty bleak time. I feel that in the air. Everything is uncertain. Everything feels like its on the precipice of some major transformation, whether we like it or not.
There are only really a few stories to tell in the end, and betrayal and the failure of love is one of those good stories to tell.
I have a piano and a guitar, and I tend to switch back and forth between those two instruments to help me get inspired.
I'm not trying to overcome my father or fill his shoes or reach any kind of level that he did. We're talking about a Mozart of rock music.
Being famous is having the power to really implement positive change in the world, and it gives you the power to do what you want. I'm really grateful for it because I can play music and people will listen.
I like music because it's the only invisible art form.
I'm lucky that a lot of my friends are in the entertainment industry.
The work I've done, I'm really feeling the effects of it.
My tendency is to be very experimental.
I try not to do anything by formula.
Now, music almost feels naked in my mind.
I like songs that go to different places and then come back.
For me, songwriting is something I have to do ritually. I don't just wait for inspiration; I try to write a little bit every day.
There's no single movement out there. It's not like in the '60s, when Revolver came out and that's just it for the next year.
It's a bit embarrassing watching myself, but I couldn't get someone else to play me, that would've been stupid.
Making films is great. You've got 100 people around and you're all dressing up and making weird art-it's a fun group activity.
I'm trying to use the language of today to express a general existential crisis that I think the world and I are going through.
I feel like I've been way overexposed in the press. I'd rather play shows and represent myself in person.
I like songs that have lots of different parts in them, an intro, an outro and a bridge.
I like songs and film because you can turn your life into a sort of myth or dream.
I like to have books around to give me ideas-to get the verbal part of my brain to start working.
Songwriting is kind of like a craft. It's not something that just comes in a dream. You've got to work at it.
I feel that film is inevitably the medium of the future. It has been for years, decades, but more so now than ever.
I did a record with a producer, and the good producers eat up the budget, so I didn't have any budget left to produce this record. I had to produce it myself.
Growing up, I fantasized about being a rock musician and that somehow it would be really easy. I didn't realize that it's so much work.
Putting out commercial pieces and promoting them and trying to sell them to people is not necessarily what it means to be an artist.
