Musician
I thank God that I'm a product of my parents. That they infected me with their intelligence and energy for life, with their thirst for knowledge and their love. I'm grateful that I know where I come from.
A good fragrance should have a certain personality that makes people identify the scent with you.
In the full light of day, I don't want to think about the sunset.
I'm a multi-faceted woman and person, like all women are - there's no black and white. We have shades of grey in the middle. And even many more colours that other people don't see!
I believe that every single one of us, celebrity or not, has a responsibility to get involved in trying to make a difference in the world. Our generation faces many challenges, some of which were passed on to us by the past generations, but it's up to us to find solutions today so that we don't keep passing our problems on.
When you have a baby, when you feel his love, you feel so at peace with the world. You just want to share the good news and share how happy you feel.
I was five years old; I got addicted to being on stage. I felt like it was the most wonderful place on Earth, performing in front of an audience, who in this case were a bunch of classmates, kids my age.
In this life, to earn your place you have to fight for it.
It's very difficult to think that you're with someone that you know, and all of a sudden you don't know them: it turns out that they betray you. It's painful, but it's best to turn the page.
You can't achieve anything in life without a small amount of sacrifice.
Life is a soccer field, don't you think?
If I can contribute to people having fun, I would feel very fulfilled as an artist.
You're a song written by the hands of God.
Relationships have to have a give and take if they're going to work in the long term.
I have gone through a lot of things, everything that you can imagine in life, but the best has been Gerard and Milan.
My brain, I believe, is the most beautiful part of my body.
The music industry is dominated by guys. I work with men 98 percent of the time - producers, arrangers, musicians, engineers.
Education is the only way forward in Latin America and developing countries in general.
I do take advantage of, you know, feeling sensual and feeling sexy. And I think that is tremendously empowering and is not diminishing in any way. I fell that any woman who is in control, who is in touch with her femininity and sensuality, is a woman that is empowered.
I never made it to the school choir because the music teacher didn't like my voice. I was pretty sad. But he was probably right; I did have a voice a bit like a goat, but my dad told me to never give up and to keep going, and it's paid off.
My dad is a writer, and to see him always in front of a typewriter gave me the inspiration to write. He was my idol, my hero. I wanted to be just like him.
A kid cannot learn with an empty stomach.
I started my own Pies Descalzos/Barefoot Foundation when I was 18. We provide education to vulnerable children in Colombia and other developing countries. I am an avid believer that education - and especially early childhood development - is the key to breaking the cycle of poverty.
Sensual is everything that refers to the delight of the senses. And that's what artists do, is stimulate the senses in any possible way.
It's incredibly liberating to spend an hour talking to someone and not caring about what you sound like. It's about understanding myself. Sometimes I'll speak to my therapist for an hour a day. It's become part of my routine.
My songs are the reflection of how I think and how I feel in that moment. But I'm conscious of the fact that artists have a responsibility before the masses and they have to take care with their words.
People are not depressed in Colombia the same way people are in America.
Writing songs has a therapeutic effect, and it either kills off love or wins the heart of the lover.
I am a person who has many dreams. But as soon as I accomplish one, I move on to the next. That's my fatal, absurd nature. Human beings are slaves to our dreams, and I am, too. Now I think I just want to share my musical proposal in its entire form.
The ALAS Foundation was born as a consequence and a continuation of what we are doing with Pies Descalzos. I started the Pies Descalzos foundation in Colombia when I was 18, and since then, I have been very involved in the crusade for education.
I would love to have eight or nine kids with Gerard - my own futbol team.
The relationship I have with my Hispanic fans is very deep and intricate.
I consider myself a laborer, building my career brick over brick under the sun.
I always knew that I was tremendously creative. I recited love poems, I wrote stories and I got excellent grades in every subject, except for maths.
President Obama is highly concerned with education. He's a champion on early-childhood development strategies. So I like the work he's doing, and I support it, and I realise that he's one of very few political leaders around the world that actually has early-childhood development strategise at the top of his agenda.
I pefer an ugly truth to a pretty lie. If someone is telling me the truth that is when I will give my heart.
I'm Colombian and nothing will change that.
I don't go out without make up. I'm a woman, you know.
Writing in English was a major challenge. I didn't want other songwriters to write for me. I wanted to preserve the spirit of my songs in Spanish. I am the same Shakira in English as I am in Spanish.
I admire Madonna because she always did whatever she felt like doing. She went through some controversial periods when people rejected her, but she kept on reinventing herself.
I want some day to be able to love with the same intensity and unselfishness that parents love their children with.
I always believed that women have rights and that there are some women that are intelligent enough to claim those rights. There are some others that are stupid enough not to.
Everyone can know what is in my heart because I find it hard to conceal myself.
I admire a person who, for the love of art, is able to take off their clothes in front of a camera. But I'm not capable, I'm too cowardly for that.
Because of you, I'm running out of reasons to cry.
I was unaware of the dispute in Brooklyn. I would never knowingly wear any clothes or support any company who produced clothing with alleged wage and labor violations.
Fame isolates people from reality. That happens to many artists, and I don't want it to happen to me.
I remember the first time I saw the 'Smells Like Teen Spirit' video. I will never forget that day. I just wanted to see Kurt Cobain's face. I had a feeling he was very cute. But, I couldn't see his face. When I finally did see him, he was even cuter than I imagined!
It's not easy to work with me, I recognize that. It's not easy if those people aren't as perfectionistic as I am.
The worst frustration for a singer is choosing a career in making music and then not being able to make music because you're always giving interviews.
People think I like to expose my body. But I don't. It's just because the dance moves require it.
I love reading about history. Sometimes, I feel I was born in the wrong era. There was more creativity in the air when people were still discovering new worlds.
I'm lucky to have family around me. Otherwise, I'll be taking the risk of falling in love with myself.
I think my dad is the only Arabic descendent who is an unsuccessful businessman.
I'm more afraid of marriage than death.
Videos come definitely after the music has been created, but I have always felt, and especially today, that videos are vital in the album process. I think that we live in a very visual era, and if you make a mistake with a video, those images will accompany the song forever.
At the age of eight, I discovered that I could write songs. My dad used to take them to the notary and register them so that nobody could steal them from me.
I wanna stay an eternal girlfriend. I want to have my boyfriend's children, but I don't think we need a piece of paper to regulate the game, and we don't have to go through the whole stress of a wedding and suffering to throw a good party.
Success happened little by little for me. I tasted the flavor of fame in small doses: I started at 10 years old when I won a music contest; I was performing at birthday parties, company meetings.
I started the Pies Descalzos foundation in Colombia when I was 18, and since then I have been very involved in the crusade for education.
Providing all Latin-American children with the education and early childhood development that they need is in the best interest of all, so it has to be a priority for all of us, not only the government and civil society, but also the business sector.
I always had the intuition, even as a little child, that I was called for a big project.
I did not want to spend the rest of my life not being able to ride in a nice car.
My videos represent the artist in me very well, but not the kind of woman I am.
I feel comfortable in my pop shoes. They let me walk in any direction. I like to go from one extreme to the other. One day I feel that I want to do a song with reggaeton influence, I do it. The next day I feel I need to do a song with rock elements to it, I do it.
I know what it's like to feel that fear and the need of affirmation and appreciation. To build confidence in yourself is the toughest thing.
In 2006 I was asked to sing at the World Cup in Germany, and in 2010 I was fortunate enough to be asked again.
The thing is, my dad's always been more of a bookworm; he was interested in more intellectual pursuits, but nobody can escape the passion that football stirs.
What happens is once you start to understand football, you realise that it's not just about the physical side of the game and chasing after a ball. It's a strategic sport which requires a lot of intelligence. It's a very mental game.
I'm convinced that promoting sport is an intelligent way of educating our children.
I am a person who has many dreams. But as soon as I accomplish one, I move on to the next. That's my fatal, absurd nature.
Always I was dreaming of a record contract. From 10 to 13, it was all I could think of. I worked hard for this dream. Nobody could say I didn't try.
I like fragrances that have some sweetness to them. All three I have developed have that as a common element.
'Elixir' means magical potion, so I wanted to depict the kind of bottle that was used in ancient times, but that looked modern and chic as well. I also wanted it to have a golden tint to evoke the memories of sands and sunsets.
I think, if you can prove the existence of God, it can only be proven through love.
I just want to grow old with a man who takes care of me, and I want to eventually have kids and want them to be good children to me. Just want to be treated nice and have respect.
The truth is that I'm more afraid of marriage than of death.
In their 20s, women try to be somebody they're not and try to turn themselves into something different. Now I'm in my 30s; I'm very happy with who I am.
My therapist taught me why I behave in certain ways and not to feel so pressured.
I do feel that I have to use my voice for those that don't have one. I have to do the best I can in my own work to represent my culture, represent the women of my country, of Latin America. What we stand for. What we're made of.
I feel like there is a part of me that represents a minority in the U.S., a minority around the world. People who struggle, people who want to succeed with drive and ambition.
I can take the spotlight that shines on me and shift it towards those issues that are infinitely more important than my own issues.
I'm barefoot whenever I can be.
I'm double-jointed. I can put my legs over my head, which freaks people out.
Gerard is just like me, but two meters tall. We're very alike; it's not for nothing that we were born on the same day, it's just that he was born 10 years later... he's a happy guy, healthy here, in the head.
I feel like I'm not on Earth just to shake it and shake it endlessly, you know?
We've built six schools in Colombia and do work in South Africa and Haiti. We teach 5,000 students.
I was a real mummy's girl - still am. And as for my father, well, I have an Oedipus complex I'm still working out. I love that man!
I tried to give my career a shot from Barranquilla, but the musicians would never show up. It was just not taken seriously.
I have so many people out there that celebrate with me when they know that I'm happy. And they hate it when they know that I'm suffering because someone has hurt me.
I think, that if you can prove the existence of God, it can only be proven through love.
I have no idea where I want to go musically, but I'm fine that way. I don't need to be faithful to any concept, you know.
I have two kids, a career, and a man that takes a lot of my attention and time.
My man, Gerard, prefers meat over bone. That takes the pressure off. I already have a lot to worry about.
I've shaken hands with every radio station, from Honduras to Ryan Seacrest's.
Gerard and I pretty much share all parenting responsibilities, although I'm definitely the disciplinarian.
Becoming a mom forced me to re-prioritize and make room for the things that are most important, while recognizing that there are things I can let go of, and the world won't crumble around me.
From a psychoanalytical point of view, we start discovering the world through our mouths in the very first stage of our lives, when we're just born.
I'm just a consequence of the great musical momentum and the great changes we are going through in the world.
A man's car is like an extension of their ego and their manhood.
For a while, I could only wear sweat pants because I was that intermediate size that you're not a small, you're not a large.
If it was up to me, I would just wear jeans and t-shirts, even to red carpets, but then no one would photograph me, so that would make me very sad. So you know, I've gotta keep up with the rest of the female population and sometimes try a little harder.
With pregnancy and nursing, the hormones mean your skin tends to be more sensitive to the light, so it's very important to use sun block every day.
What I do is I remove my makeup every night, use a little bit of Vitamin C serum, and that's it, pretty much. Of course, I use my 3D White products!
Seeing me in love is a constant state: there are no questions, as the answer is simply there.
When you feel complete, you don't need to get married, and you don't think about it.
I've written many love songs for Gerard. But it's never enough. I feel that he deserves a million love songs written for him.
I just don't find marriage a necessary step in a couple's life.
I came to understand that I'm never going to be the perfect mother, but I'm going to do the best I can. Same goes for everything in my life.
Brazil is a country I hold very dearly. I've got followers there who I've been interacting with for years, as well as fellow artists like Ivete Sangalo, and it also has huge figures like Pele. I'd love to go to that World Cup - I'm not sure in what capacity, but I'll definitely be there. I know that nobody wants to miss it, least of all me.
I enjoy taking part in footballing events that are for social causes because, in my view, inspiring children through sport is a way of keeping their bodies and minds healthy as well as helping nurture their intelligence and ability to relate with others.
People get jaded in every profession, but for some reason, I feel as passionate as when I was 13 years old and just released my first album. I feel the same amount of adrenaline in my blood, and the same amount of curiosity as well. Curiosity about why I'm different.
I adore my dad. He's a 78-year-old man and my inspiration.
Every day now, I discover something new. Go through phases in which I feel much more in touch with my feminine side in ways I never thought possible. I'm letting the woman inside of me speak, the desires of this woman, speak as loud as they can.
When we were in the Dark Ages, it was a question of humanity somehow managing to forget about itself. We put God in the centre of society, and people forgot about their own nature and desires. There was a huge deal of repression.
I wish that one of my children will be like the Australian guy from the Discovery Channel show. The crocodile hunter.
You feel that there is an avalanche coming when you meet the right person.
I think love is something that you have to work on, and it develops over experience and time. Love is a practice.
My body feels like it is asking to reproduce.
Gerard doesn't tell me what to do. We discuss everything as a couple, as I imagine most partners do. We have a beautiful relationship and one of mutual trust.
Dealing with boys at work and being the only girl can be challenging. I have my insecurities, but I've learned I have to be a good sport. I have to be able to take certain jokes and not take them personally. There are jokes made almost every second of the day. I had to develop a tough hide. You know, the music industry is dominated by guys.
If the fastest growing population in this country is Latino, that means we are the future of this country. And, we have proven we have talent. Now we need the tools to succeed.
I now talk to different cultures, and I hope that I can bridge those gaps and differences between us. It's an adventure, a dream... I feel like I'm on an anthropological mission.
I would sing anywhere they would invite me. That's how I made my first pesos. I used to sing at beauty pageants, local events of every sort.
