Canadian,Musician
Yes, you can lose somebody overnight, yes, your whole life can be turned upside down. Life is short. It can come and go like a feather in the wind.
Being betrayed is one of the most valuable lessons life can teach.
Writing is very much a playground - an artistic playground. It's the most fun thing I do.
I feel like in a way I'm starting over, with everything.
I really feel like life will dictate itself. You should allow it to unfold as naturally as possible. Just go with the flow. When you're really desperate, you say a few prayers and hope for the best. That's the way I've always lived my life.
It's important to give it all you have while you have the chance.
My life revolves around my child's routine.
Suffering does not discriminate.
One day, someone said to me, 'Do you want to go jump out of an airplane?' I felt like I had nothing to lose anymore, so I said, 'Why not?' And every day since then, I ask myself that question.
I feel sexy when I get out of the tub - your skin is fresh and you've put up your hair without looking.
I'm always soul searching on a spiritual level.
I like being at home and cooking.
When you don't come from struggle, gaining appreciation is a quality that's difficult to come by.
I find that the very things that I get criticized for, which is usually being different and just doing my own thing and just being original, is the very thing that's making me successful.
Music is a great natural high and a great natural escape.
I'll always be sad that my marriage ended.
I don't want my body to be a distraction from my talent or my brain.
It's very hard to be honest with yourself when something's just not working.
If my clothing does stand out, then I guess it's a compliment, but I just wear whatever feels comfortable.
My voice is stronger today than ever.
There were moments when I really just thought, I don't need anything and I don't need anyone. I just want to go away and disappear.
You learn to accept your own reality.
I don't take any day for granted anymore.
I want to talk to people that have been through big disappointments, big emotional crises, deep life struggles, and I will learn something from that.
I've succeeded as far as I'm concerned - I don't feel that I have any cliffs I could fall over anytime soon.
Horses calm me. I love being around them. They smell great, they are beautiful to look at, they are loving, demanding, temperamental, and they settle you.
I'd like to see the Olympics live. I've only watched it on television.
I enjoy sports in person.
I played a lot of football when I was younger. I'm a good receiver, actually.
My music must reflect whatever's going on in my mind, and my life needs to evolve for me to discover who it is I'm becoming.
The red-carpet spotlight is a little bit more nerve-racking when you haven't been doing it all the time.
I don't want someone photographing my cellulite - I can't take it!
I want to be successful, but I don't really have what it takes to do it comfortably.
I certainly don't think you need to be famous to want to leave a legacy, but when you are famous, it's even more likely that your child will get the wrong perspective on your life if you die prematurely.
I'm like everybody else.
I was not naturally meant to be on stage. I hated being in the spotlight; I was scared.
My father was a beautiful man.
Coming from where I came from, it was unimaginable to ever be wealthy. That was just too far out of my reach.
Life unravels the way it does, and it has an effect on you, but you have to take responsibility for dealing with it.
I'm neither embarrassed of who I am, where I come from, what I've experienced, I'm not ashamed of it.
It's very hard to concentrate when your stomach's rumbling.
I spent a lot of my life holding back my cries, and I want to change that because it's not good for me.
I temporarily lost my hope in love, and it was temporary, thank goodness.
If I hadn't had a childhood career, I probably would've signed a contract with the first person I came across.
Marilyn Monroe never sold a platinum album. And more people know my music than what I look like.
I wouldn't call myself a feminist, because I think there are differences between men and women.
I'm not someone who is glamorous all the time.
I love the role that men play in our lives.
I have my own opinions, but my songs don't share them.
In a way, we women take on more than we need to sometimes.
I didn't have a choice growing up but to be more insecure because others had more.
Now that I have and I'm not a have-not, I've learned how important it is to maintain humility.
I really can't imagine not singing again.
You can't just turn love on and off.
Fortunately, when you're a mom, the responsibility of caring for your child can keep you going.
For a good 10 to 12 years, I was working non-stop and I wasn't really enjoying my success.
I won't lie, I've had a lot of discouraging moments in the past years, moments I wasn't sure about things and doubted myself.
I think it's important that readers know that not every celebrity is a freak.
It's really such a personal journey, making a record, but even more so writing the songs.
It always disappoints me when I go to a concert and they don't play my favorite song, or at least one of their biggest hits.
Sting I've seen a few times, and he really inspired me in the sense that he breaks the songs down a lot and will take a different approach. He'll take an acoustic approach to them; he'll rearrange them for the live stage.
I really admire artists that are willing to take a different approach and a different angle to their shows.
