American,Musician
I can't tell you how freeing it is to have my own label. For the first time in my career, I have total control.
It's taken me years to embrace the softer elements of who I am and let that shine some.
All I do is party.
I like rules that are broken.
I like to make great albums.
That's what I so admired about Johnny Cash and June Carter. Their music wasn't a big influence on me. It was their character, their individual styles, what they were like as people. They weren't afraid to stick out.
You know, I just don't believe that art is supposed to make sense. I really don't think it's supposed to be analyzed to death. It's left to the listener or looker to get what they can get from it.
I like strength. I depend on my own.
I write about what I know.
I feel like I've kind of gotten to a peaceful place in my heart.
I don't think I've ever put it in words before. But daddy took a gun and ended his life and took momma's with him.
I can find some way to make poetry out of my life's experiences.
You know, I'm trying to sometimes sit down and write some stories about my childhood and maybe one when I'm an old lady put them out like a book.
Well, I had a record deal since I was 18, and it got me where I am.
I've pretty much run the circle of labels and dealing with that whole kind of battle, because you're the one creating the music, but you're not the final say. That's always been hard.
So it's the greatest compliment in the world when people want to hear you sing. That means it feels good to them, so I keep doing it.
My band can tell you, I'd rather do anything than rehearse.
If you think too much about something, you're not feeling it.
I don't talk about my personal life. But the relationships I've had have usually been with other musicians. It's just easier that way.
It's time for artists to take their music back.
I didn't go to college.
The only way to get ahead in the music business these days is to call up all your friends. To pool your resources.
I was singing before I could talk.
I don't like modern country music. It's not what I'm into, is all. I'm old-school.
It was hard to work and work and work and not get your music played on the radio.
I think a lot of people think that my parents' deaths is why I write such sad songs, but that's not true. Those songs may just be the woman I am.
