Australian,Musician
My goal is to give girls and boys a different idea of expression. It's not always about looking pretty or cute. It's about expressing yourself however that may be, even if that's being silly or goofy or weird.
Life is pretty surreal and awesome.
I get to do what I love and communicate whatever I want.
The truth is that you shouldn't match your insides to other people's outsides. Life is an inside job, and we just have to do our best.
I'm sort of a gay man trapped in a woman's body when it comes to music sometimes - it's crowded in here!
I'm an advocate of 'it's not what you are, it's who you are.'
I don't go to shows because I just want to listen to the music performed live. I want to get to know the person who's performing it. Or I want to, like, take away a sense that I had an experience that nobody else is going to have again, or a unique experience for that moment.
I used to be addicted to 'Reader's Digest' growing up. I would read the stories about love, and I guess that's where I became a hopeless romantic. I draw from that a lot.
I don't read reviews or interviews or anything, just because I'm afraid; If I believed the good, then I'd believe the bad, and there will be bad.
I'm sensitive and get easily upset and insulted.
'One Million Bullets' is my baby.
I toured for 13 years, and it was very lonely, and it was hard work.
I like the Carpenters and Elvis.
My dad and mom were in bands: the Soda Jerks, Fat Time, Girls at Play - which is a play on Men at Work.
There's this image of us on the red carpet, being really fancy, and then there's the reality.
The accolades don't nourish me - being with loved ones and my dogs does.
If anyone besides famous people knew what it was like to be a famous person, they would never want to be famous.
I thought I was going to be an actor. I liked entertaining. I was pretty much tap dancing for attention from a very early age. My family was kind of musical, and there were people in the circus next door and actors across the road. I just enjoyed messing around with music growing up, but I really thought I was going to be an actor.
I don't care what people think of me, unless they think I'm mean or something, but I don't care if they think I'm like someone else because I know I'm not - I'm a total weirdo. I'm not selling a dream; I'm not selling fame like it is some sort of fantastic thing. I'm just trying to sell music and get on with my real life.
I appreciate my music is famous, but I'd rather my face wasn't so that I can just live a normal life.
When you have a lot of people telling you what you are and perceiving you in a certain way, it's difficult to find your own identity.
As a person, I'm a good person who shows up for my friends. I do my best to be good. As an artist, I have no idea.
Melody is pure intuition. I don't use any thinking brain when I do that. That's totally in the zone.
I believe that once I put music out, it's owned by the listener.
When I'm writing a pop song, I'll just write formulaically, strategically.
I'm a fan of the Strokes, so my big fantasy was that one day I would get to sing with them.
I'm just completely obsessed with Die Antwoord.
I liked myself much more before I got famous. I was much friendlier and had more energy.
I don't know anything about the history of music.
Fame made me develop a panic disorder.
I love watching reality TV, but being part of making it was just demoralizing.
I was weirdly obsessed with music until I was 11, and then I turned into a nerd.
I'll be the songwriter for pop stars and then they can be the front person and I don't have to be famous.
When I was 10, my parents really valued success in the arts, and I thought if I was a famous 'something artistic,' that they would love me more.
There are probably five songs in the world that I get excited about when I hear them on the radio.
I have social anxiety. It's easier up on stage because there's security in being there. When I'm off stage I'm trying not to be a manic freak. I'm quite shy.
People aren't honest about the horrors of fame. The downsides are so overwhelming that, for me, there is no payoff.
I don't want to be critiqued about the way that I look on the Internet.
I'm allowed to maintain some modicum of privacy. But also, I would like not to be picked apart or for people to observe when I put on 10 pounds or take off 10 pounds, or I have a hair extension out of place, or my fake tan is botched.
Probably from, like, 10 to 14 or 15, I would just listen to pop radio.
I'm very easily influenced, and I'm also a quick study, so I think when I decided I wanted to write pop songs, I literally just listened to pop radio for six months to get a feel for it and understand it.
About 50 percent of the songs on the radio are like, 'Live like tomorrow doesn't exist. Like it's my birthday. Like it's the last day of my life'... Such a large percentage of pop music is really about party time.
That's why 'Chandelier' was interesting to me... I wrote the song because there's so many party-girl anthems in pop. And I thought it'd be interesting to do a different take on that.
The 'victim to victory' theory is that, if you listen to the radio, a large percentage of the hits are... about victim to victory, like, 'I'm having a terrible time.' And then the pre-chorus is, 'I don't know what's gonna happen next.' And the chorus is, 'Now I'm brilliant, and everything is great, because something happened to make it great.'
Sometimes, after I finish the lyrics and have all the melodies and harmonies and the pop and vocal, I'll be like, 'I have to keep it. I love it too much.'
I really felt like 'Chandelier' was a big pop song. But we weren't sure what would happen if I wasn't willing to show my face and do promo and go on tour and do the traditional kind of pop strategy. So I had no expectations.
Everybody in the entertainment industry is insecure.
It can be difficult navigating the line between tabloid gossip and authenticity.
I love the idea of how fast can we make the song, but I don't think that I'm necessarily, like, a super-talented songwriter. I think I'm just really productive. One out of 10 songs is a hit.
So where a lot of people will spend three weeks on one song, I will write 10 in three weeks. Maybe the song that they sculpt is going to be as successful as just one of the 10 that I wrote.
I don't really listen to music. I don't. I watch television.
The melody will tell me what the song should be about, the tone of the song. That's when the intellect comes in. Because I have a list of possible titles and concepts, and I expand on that.
When I was 21, I went to London and lived there for eight years.
Married life is awesome.
I love hip hop, and I have a bunch of urban songs I write for fun that I can't put on my albums because people would laugh and point.
I can clear my mind, and lyrics just come out; it's very easy for me.
I had hundreds of thousands of dollars of tax penalties.
I'm trying to have some control over my image.
I've been writing pop songs for pop stars for a couple years and see what their lives are like, and that's just not something I want.
When you're in a different place every day, there's this kind of madness that sets in.
I think that the stuff I write for pop music is terribly, terribly cheesy.
I was pretty much tap dancing for attention from a very early age.
When I write promotionally, I guess I give away the ones I'm less connected to.
I have a family I love. They tend to say, 'Great job!' Or 'You work really hard! Good for you!' Or 'You look nice today!' Or 'Don't be ridiculous, order the fries!' Or 'You are hilarious.' That's all the family I need.
I guess I don't know if I'm comfortable with fame or touring or promo or any of that stuff, and I really discovered that I love working for people and co-writing and working under someone.
I really don't know anything about music.
I was really bored of making downtempo albums.
I don't need to sing in front of thousands, as I can sing in the shower.
I like to sing, and I like to make records - and that part is fun.
I don't listen to the albums that I make, and I don't listen to a lot of music as a whole.
I'm impressionable, that's for sure.
The hour and a half I'm on stage is my favourite part of the day when I'm on tour because the only part I really love is the interaction with the audience.
When I was outed by Perez Hilton as bisexual, I suddenly started being asked personal questions, which was really difficult.
I'd had a relationship with a woman when I was 20, but nobody cared then. As it came out at the same time as my fame, I started to have panic attacks.
I got a little bit famous. I didn't like it.
I'm just a follower.
I just wanted to have a private life.
I started dating JD Samson from Le Tigre, and suddenly I was listening to more up-tempo music and old dance music, like ESG and Gang of Four, and I thought, 'Wow. This is fun.'
My dad is an egomaniac.
I don't really leave the house.
If a transporter could send me from the bed with the dogs watching crappy TV to the stage five minutes before I go on, then immediately back to bed, I would love it.
I love the writing and performing, but everything in between sucks.
I don't really identify as gay; I don't really know what I am.
I think it's impossible not to see something you wanted happen to someone else and maybe wish it for yourself.
I do not love performing. I get really scared.
I just want to be a good storyteller.
You never know what I'm gonna do.
I don't need security detail; I don't need anything special. I just walk around, and I can do that, and that's a real luxury when you're in my industry.
I liked Olivia Newton-John.
I have big dreams. I want to keep songwriting. Direct films. Be a parent.
I was too embarrassed to tell anyone I wanted to make a movie because I thought it would be seen as a vanity project because I was a singer.
I can't be bothered to learn Final Draft. I'm not a technical person. Like, when I sing, I just want to sing the melody and write the lyrics.
I don't want to have to do production, which is very technical. I don't enjoy that.
What I do enjoy is the creative process.
I was a slightly overweight, spiky-fringed, rat's-tailed '80s girl who was just showing up. That's all I've ever really done to get here, just kept showing up. Even when I didn't want to. That's what I do.
The weirder the better for me.
I love to dance. I have always been the first on the dance floor, but I'm not teachable. I couldn't learn 'five, six, seven, eight' if my life depended on it.
'Titanium' wasn't supposed to be me singing, but they put my demo vocal back on.
I refrain from blaming anything on my parents.
I'm never going to sing the words, 'I want to shut down the club,' never, ever.
Usually, the song will tell me who it belongs to. It seems clear to me who would do a good job with it, who it suits.
I have so much to thank reality TV for.
We all need to stand together and be a part of creating the future we hope to see.
I really feel like I've nailed songwriting. It's my specialty; it's what I'm good at.
When I'm in a songwriting phase, it's a phase. I don't just suddenly feel inspired and then write a song, because I always write with a co-writer.
I'm fine around other people's feelings. It doesn't make me nervous or anxious.
I don't care about commercial success. I get to do what I love and communicate whatever I want.
If Amy Winehouse was a beehive, then I guess I'm a blonde bob.
I don't want to be famous or recognizable. I don't want to be critiqued about the way that I look on the Internet... I've been writing pop songs for pop stars for a couple years and see what their lives are like, and that's just not something I want.
A lot of the time, I don't actually relate to what I'm writing about in pop songs.
Fame is the worst thing that can happen to a person. I choose not to appear in anything publicly. Twitter's it!
I really don't know anything about music. I don't really listen to it. I don't know anything about the history of music.
It takes me, like, half an hour to write the lyrics for a song. They just come out.
That would really be my fantasy - maybe just do three shows a year and each year in a different city, just singing for the people who really want to see it, and then just write for other people. I do love to sing, but I'm just as happy singing in the bathtub, you know?
That's the thing about awards - it's for the people who do all the hard work behind the scenes. An award is just a clap at them.
Just, whenever you can, get up and sing at a gig or jam. If you have a chance, take it and keep on getting up. Keep going - but not If people boo, 'cause that's just mean. I think that could be setting yourself for disappointment.
I try not to do too much self-analysis apart from when I'm actually paying $170 an hour for it. I try to keep it in the room.
I don't really even go out that much now, except to walk my dogs, because I don't want to be recognised. I used to be a really friendly person, and now I just want to be invisible. I liked myself much more before I got famous. I was much friendlier and had more energy.
