English,Musician
Always the journey, never the destination.
American economists can't understand the German fear of inflation and the effects of inflation when dealing with the world economic crisis. They wonder why Germany pursues such a different course - 'Why can't they agree with us?' I would have thought it was fairly obvious.
I think Beethoven means dissonances to be more stressed than consonances - it's the shock tactician in him.
Orchestras are like people. They're the sonic embodiment of their community.
You would never train people to play football by telling them to watch football. You make them play football.
One of the most extraordinary and all-encompassing forms of communication is music. It reaches places that all kinds of other things cannot reach. I'll put my cards on the table: I think it is our greatest language.
The better the orchestra, often the harder it is to conduct, not the other way around.
Some of my favorite music in the world is Haydn. I had a sabbatical one year and made myself one promise: to play a different Haydn piano sonata each day - they are inexhaustible treasures.
It's interesting: composers can be very funny ducks.
There are a few great orchestras in the world, thank goodness. Although some people do put them in ranking order, it's not like a snooker match. Each orchestra has different things to offer.
My worst and best qualities are rashness: the good part of it is due to youth, which is, of course, why I'm not a great conductor.
If you think the music business is the be-all and end-all of life, you're in big trouble.
As an older dad you can certainly get down on the floor. The problem is can you get up again?
Learning music is a birthright. And you have to start young.
Conductors make too much fuss about conductors! Humility and hard work are virtues. We're nothing without our musicians.
Oh Lord... I don't really do pride.
I am old enough to remember the enormous fight over Tate Modern. It is such a part of our cultural landscape now, we forget the opposition to it.
In England, unless I am mistaken, I think some of the politicians who love classical music and opera are a bit loath to be seen there in case people think it is elitist. That is a real shame because it also means we are not allowing our politicians a hinterland that an earlier generation, a Denis Healey, would have taken for granted.
I was thrilled that Sadiq Khan was so in support of the idea of culture being at the centre of a city and the idea that it is everyone's right. It can't be a matter of privilege or chance. It should be something everyone can have in their life, and that means knowing what it is.
I think we will find more and more ways in which technology invades our artistic spaces, so music is something you will need more than ever because it is there in time and in space and for that moment only.
I've always loved French music. My parents adored it; my father played it on the piano.
I love Mozart, but I often make a terrible hash of it.
Germans have an understanding of history and cannot allow themselves to forget it. It may be a curse, but in some ways, it's a blessing. It makes them cautious.
As a nation, we English tend to be self-deprecating, looking down on ourselves. We're insular but also flexible, whereas in Germany, it's a case of besser wissen - we know better. That's very Deutsch. People are never frightened to tell you what you're doing wrong, in a way that would never happen in England.
The necessity for rules and strictness is a way of dealing with an enormously powerful impulse: Germans are among the most emotional people on the planet. Maybe it has to do with the fact that, as a nation, they are always drawn back to nature and the forest.
Conductors start getting good when everybody else retires.
There is a mysterious way in which orchestras keep a sense of their history and what they've done. I still listen to the L.A. Philharmonic and feel that Giulini was there.
I believe if you're not completely in love with what you're doing, you'd better find another profession.
One of the most difficult things in opera is for people to suspend disbelief.
I first heard Mahler's second symphony aged 11 in Liverpool, and it inspired me to become a conductor.
My only interest is in sharing great music with more and more people.
