British,Musician
I had no aspirations to be a musician, but I picked up a guitar for two seconds and haven't put it down since.
Guitar is the best form of self-expression I know. Everything else, and I'm just sort of tripping around, trying to figure my way through life.
As for Guns N' Roses, I don't think there's ever a chance of a reunion.
Risk isn't a word in my vocabulary. It's my very existence.
Guitars are like women. You'll never get them totally right.
I still party all the time and hang out with everyone who drinks, but I just don't personally, and don't really have the desire to get blitzed drunk any more.
I always loved rock guitar. I just never put it together that that's what I'd end up doing. I had no aspirations to be a musician, but I picked up a guitar for two seconds and haven't put it down since.
You know, when you really connect with the instrument and everything just comes out on an emotional level very naturally through your playing. That's, you know, a great night. And I think the reason I love touring so much is you're chasing that high around all the time, trying to have another good night.
And, so, when I picked up the guitar, suddenly, just playing a couple of notes really, really spoke to me. It was almost like I should have been doing it prior to that. You know, it was something that just felt really natural.
I never want to draw attention to myself, but that's all I do.
I'm not ridiculously wealthy, but I don't squander money either.
So when I got to be about 13 or 14, I started listening - even though my parents music was way cool - to contemporary hard rock at that time, which was Aerosmith, Cheap Trick, Black Sabbath, AC/DC, Ted Nugent and all that, and that's just where I came from.
I'm not overly greedy.
I always loved rock guitar. I just never put it together that that's what I'd end up doing.
I don't believe in having regrets.
And, as soon as I could put together the, you know, three or four notes that made up, like, sort of a rock and roll lick, you know, like a Chuck Berry kind of thing, I was off and running. Just completely taken over.
My dad is a huge rock and roll lead guitar fan. I didn't even really know that until recently. Everything has to have a guitar solo in it.
A lot of vices that I've had over the years were always to make up for some sort of character deficiency, one of them being shyness.
I think when I was a kid, and I was in England and it was all about The Stones, The Who, The Kinks and The Beatles and that's what my dad was into.
We had a really vast music collection and I was raised around rock'n'roll, it's just the way it was.
The only time I think I've ever gotten sick of playing Guns and Roses songs really was during - after having played them in Guns and Roses, and then in Snakepit, and then playing 'It's So Easy' and 'Brownstone' in Velvet Revolver.
I do consider myself British. I have very strong feelings about my British heritage.
I think that was the whole idea behind doing the solo record was to be able to do musically whatever I wanted to do.
I allow myself one nice car.
My dad is a huge rock n' roll lead guitar fan.
My mom did costumes for the Pointer Sisters.
