American,Musician
You make kingdoms and castles on your own.
It's important to face down your demons.
Books stay with me and have shaped me and made huge impacts on my life.
My music is so often like a lullaby I write to myself to make sense of things I can't tie together, or things I've lost, or things I'll never have.
I think if it's not monumental, there's no point.
I was not someone who participated in other people's castles.
Sex is funny and love is serious.
That's what drew me to rock music in the first place - that sense of remaking the world on your own terms.
It was a hard time for me to have a pure moment, to be present, to be here.
A lot of people say I wouldn't have a down day, but you look at the music and there's real melancholy.
I've spent several years now with my head down.
I have my share of insecurities, hopes and fears.
My music is my way to rearrange the world according to my own hopes.
I try to be the fixer of situations and I gravitate to people who are institutional misfits.
Am I a rock star? Yeah, I guess.
I carry groceries home on the tank of my motorcycle.
I find pleasure in things that are simple.
I like people who have a pulse and aren't afraid to show it.
When you're just shagging girls, you can talk about it, but once it gets real, then you don't.
I don't really believe in palm readers and crystal balls and tarot cards, but I respond to the need for them.
There's usually a rhythm and a melody in my head, and that creates an emotional state.
I don't think DIY is something that necessarily comes to mind when people hear Third Eye Blind, but that is completely how we've been from the beginning.
So I like that sound, but I am not interested in being retro.
What we value about music and literature are the moments that they create in our minds when we encounter them.
But when our first album came out, I didn't think it was going to sell a lot of records.
But I'm not worried about seeking out the approval of others - that high school thing of joining the club.
