American,Musician
Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness. If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love.
Music, at its essence, is what gives us memories. And the longer a song has existed in our lives, the more memories we have of it.
What I'm not confused about is the world needing much more love, no hate, no prejudice, no bigotry and more unity, peace and understanding. Period.
I am what I am. I love me! And I don't mean that egotistically - I love that God has allowed me to take whatever it was that I had and to make something out of it.
Time is long but life is short.
Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
If you don't ask, you don't get.
You can't base your life on other people's expectations.
Just because a man lacks the use of his eyes doesn't mean he lacks vision.
Let us come together before we're annihilated.
Sometimes I wish I could drive a car, but I'm gonna drive a car one day, so I don't worry about that.
Life has meaning only in the struggle. Triumph or defeat is in the hands of the Gods. So let us celebrate the struggle!
I am all for stem cell research.
Ya gots to work with what you gots to work with.
Sometimes, I feel I am really blessed to be blind because I probably would not last a minute if I were able to see things.
No one has been a greater advocate for the power of love in this world than I; both in my life and in my music.
You know, I always when people ask me, like, what is my most favorite song, I quote Duke Ellington, when they would ask him, what's his favorite composition? And I say, I haven't written it yet. Because, you know, there are different songs for different occasions.
Clearly, love is love, between a man and a woman, a woman and a man, a woman and a woman and a man and a man.
Eyes lie if you ever look into them for the character of the person.
I know there are thousands of images of me.
The right to bear arms? What about the right to live?
Minds ripen at very different ages.
My father really was not the dominant person who raised the family, it was my mother who raised the family.
I want to take all the pain that I feel and celebrate and turn it around.
I am not a normal man.
This is like one thing that I've tried to do, and I think successfully, that when you realize that nothing really belongs to you, you begin to appreciate having an understanding of just where your head is at, and you feel so much better.
