American,Musician
I played in the percussion section 4th grade through high school - snare and timpani mostly.
The large venue gives me the thrill that comes from the power in numbers.
Aledo will always be home to me because I spent the first 27 years of my life there - it's such a special place - and because of the experiences I had there, I've become the person I am today.
I love decorating my home. I'm a gardener too, so that's usually something I have to play catch up with.
I have been fortunate enough to record several singles and a whole album with Chet Atkins.
I've always loved to sing.
My first solo was in church when I was five.
I'm a real Suzy Homemaker.
A small venue is so much more intimate and loose. You can actually be more spontaneous, I feel.
I think somewhere in the back of my mind I've always wanted to make a whole swing album.
I made a Christmas album a couple of years ago and just put it out on my Web site. It kind of smacked of this flavor. All of the reviews said it was Western swing even when it was Christmas standards.
I've always seen myself as sort of this funky, eclectic artist.
Country has been a wonderful outlet for me.
I think it's going to take my whole life to sort of get people to know what my perspective is.
It's like Willie Nelson. You're an artist and you have different styles inside of you.
After I found April Barrows, I felt I had found a soul mate. Her stuff is exactly what I was looking for.
I've been playing swing chords for a long time.
For some reason, the concept of writing with swing chords was intimidating.
My mother was really into big band. It was played in the house all the time.
One of the things that I think is such a constant in country music is that the song is so much a story. I believe it is supposed to be based around a story.
I'm definitely not ready to move into something else. I'm having so much fun.
Meeting Chet was a life changing moment for me.
I've written more songs for this record than I ever have in the past so I'm trying to give it a lot of special attention to be sure my ideas really get translated right.
But it's just been recently that Nashville has started to feel like home.
After so many changes, I realized I'd better cling to my own family and to what I've got right here.
