Canadian,Musician
The Joker is my favorite villain of all time: You don't know his past; you just know what his plans are.
I'm all about evolution. I'm the first person to judge myself.
Nothing is stopping me from doing what I love to do.
Going home helps the content.
The mind of a 19-year-old is very different from the mind of a 26-year-old. You grow. You get into better relationships. You experience more, meet more people, better people. But when you're in a dark hole at an earlier point in your life - you write about the mindset you're in at that moment.
Prince turned experimental music into pop music. 'When Doves Cry,' the whole 'Purple Rain' soundtrack - he was inspired by the Cocteau Twins and new wave pop and brought it into R&B when he first started, and then it became this cool, next-level, kind of hard-to-digest music. Which is what I felt 'House of Balloons' was.
I want to be remembered as iconic and different.
People always say when they meet me that I'm not what they expect. I assume they think I'm this super dark and depressing guy, but I like to channel all of those emotions into my work.
I usually don't like to 'spoon feed' my audience, because I grew up idolizing story tellers who tell stories using symbolism, so it was in my nature to do the same.
For an Ethiopian mother, if you have a chubby kid, it means you're doing something good.
In the beginning, I was very insecure. I hated how I looked in pictures.
I was 14, and I fell in love with Pink Floyd.
My closet is like Bart Simpson's.
The last thing you want is to not be recognized for all of the hard work you put in.
The Joker that Christopher Nolan created in 'The Dark Knight' had the scar across his mouth, and the first time you heard his explanation for it, he makes you believe that's how he got it. But then you get into the film, and every time he talks about his scar, it's a totally different story.
'Trilogy' was more of a claustrophobic body of work. Before it was released, I hadn't left my city for 21 years, and I had never been on a plane, not once. I spent my entire life on one setting; that's probably why pieces of the album feel like one long track, because that's what my life felt like. It felt like one long song.
I feel like the way I was raised was to be able to see through all the titles in this world - from religion to race.
I just want to keep pushing the envelope without it feeling forced.
For my generation, the bomber jacket is like a replacement for the suit jacket. It's a piece that men wear every day, and it's something that I would wear for any occasion, whether it's on the street or going to an awards ceremony.
Marriage is scary to me, man.
I didn't have a father figure in the house.
I think that's why my career is going to be so long: Because I haven't given people everything.
My mother, my grandmother, my uncles would play Ethiopian artists like Aster Aweke and Mulatu Astatke all the time in the house.
I'm trying to get to Mars before everyone else.
The effect of music on fashion has been immense, especially hip-hop and urban music.
I always use Michael as, first and foremost, a vocal inspiration, and 'Off the Wall' was definitely the one that made me feel like I could sing.
I've had sleep paralysis.
It's hard to wrap my head around the fact that there are people who can't or won't see what Black Lives Matter is trying to accomplish.
I just kept touring and touring until it became second nature to go onstage, perform, and sing.
Nothing feels better than going onstage and everybody is singing every word - and actually wanting to see you.
When I was performing the songs on 'Kiss Land,' it was a great singalong. But there were moments where I realized some parts were catchier than the others. There's maybe two choruses on all of 'Kiss Land.'
I couldn't ever go back home without being something. I probably would never have gone back home. That was definitely a big motivation. To get back home, and not empty-handed.
The vibe on 'Starboy' comes from that hip-hop culture of braggadocio, from Wu-Tang and 50 Cent, the kind of music I listened to as a kid.
Bragging just sounds good, man.
For the chorus of 'Secrets,' we used The Romantics' 'Talking in Your Sleep' and 'Pale Shelter' by Tears for Fears. It's like hip-hop: just grab it.
I wrote a song with Ed Sheeran that was kind of spontaneous.
I just love Bowie. I think he's the ultimate inventor.
I mean... in life... what relationship is easy?
I don't think I'd ever apologise for music I make, no.
I sang a lot of low stuff on songs like 'Secrets' and 'Rockin',' almost like Toni Braxton. On 'Secrets,' I'm a different person.
When I was making the early stuff, I never expected it to be so big. I was in my own kind of bubble. I never wanted to tour; I just wanted to create music and make a diary I could put out into the world. And sometimes, I became the characters.
Environment is very important to me. Sometimes I have to perform during the day for festivals, and my music does not work in the daytime. It is nighttime music.
I was everything an R&B singer wasn't. I wasn't in shape. I wasn't a pretty boy.
I didn't like the way I looked in pictures - when I saw myself on a digital camera, I was like, 'Eesh.'
The Internet, man, is a beautiful thing.
'Eastern Promises' is great.
I'm mainstream.
Image, lyrics, content, storytelling, cohesive body of work - that's Prince to me.
Music is like film to me.
When I was born, that was the music my mother was listening to. Michael Jackson is a third parent to me.
You aren't normal if you sing to people. You aren't a normal person. It's nerve-racking.
If you ever see young artists, and they're not sounding good, they sound good. They're good singers. They wouldn't be where they are if they didn't sound good. It's their nerves. Any time you see your favorite artist, and he's or she's screwing up or not hitting those notes, it's not because she can't hit it or she can't sing; he or she is scared.
My production and songwriting and the environment around those vocals are not inspired by R&B at all.
From when I was born to when I was 21, I never left Toronto. That's why I'm such a city cat.
I've grown accustomed to hotels and drastic climate change.
When you come to my show, I want it to feel like opera, like a theatre.
Even though I've been putting out bodies of work for years, 'Beauty Behind the Madness' felt like the beginning.
My purpose is to make exciting music, and I feel like I'll be doing that for the rest of my life, so there's no pressure.
For me, bomber jackets are smart, but they are also street and have a lot of attitude.
I'm a studio rat.
All I do is make music.
I want to produce the music to a movie that I'm working on, like what Prince did with 'Purple Rain.'
I'm pretty laid-back in real life. I just love hanging with my friends and making jokes. The jokes don't stop - literally, all day.
'Kiss Land' wasn't about what people wanted to hear on the radio. It was the state of mind I was in - introverted, like David Cronenberg's 'Naked Lunch.' You didn't know if you were hearing a chorus or a verse. It was just my thoughts.
At one point, I didn't care. Now I want as many people to hear my music as possible.
Taylor Swift's audience can listen to me, but so can the street kids. I want to touch it all.
I feel like I'm changing pop culture.
I have a good team. It's good to have a good team.
I feel like everything we do comes down to how it looks. Even no branding is branding. For example, you had no face or image to put to my music at first. That was branding.
I spend just as much time on how people hear my music as I do the actual music, no matter how long it takes. I'm such a visual artist as well that it always goes hand-in-hand.
A chorus is not easy.
I get naturally uncomfortable when I'm put under a magnifying glass.
I love trying new things.
All of my music is honest.
When I write, I write about my surroundings. Sometimes it's light, and sometimes it gets very dark.
OVOXO will always be there.
The game is changing with songs like 'Earned It' as opposed to it changing me.
Alternative R&B is in my soul. It's not going anywhere.
I want to make pop cool again, and the only way I can do that is by being ambitious and grand.
Thanks to my fans that have been with me from the beginning, I was able to sell out arenas on my own.
Literally wrote 'Starboy' in 30 minutes.
To be recognized for the hard work my team and I put into 'Starboy' is an honor.
I don't believe in icons.
