American,Musician
If you're a good person, that's all that really matters.
I'm a normal, horrible, screwed up human being like everyone else. I mean, I'm not horrible person, but I'm just as screwed up as anybody.
I'm ever-changing and always evolving, always trying new things.
I rap on 'Front Porch Junkies' and 'Whatcha Got in that Cup.' I try to channel my inner Lil Wayne and Drake. It's fun to be able to freestyle over a country melody and say country words over a rap song.
You just have to live today. And I think one of my New Year's resolutions is definitely trying to stop and live in the moment and cherish it.
I love that my fans are cool with me being lovey-dovey about my wife rather than pretending that I'm single and trying to act all sexy onstage.
We're gone for 280, almost 300 days a year. So 70 to 80 days I'm home every year. Being an artist, you just gotta be ready to miss certain things, like Halloween and all these kind of things that you used to be able to be free for. Birthdays, all this kind of stuff.
Dad told me that before I was born, he would put my mom's stomach up to the speaker and play Led Zeppelin.
If you watch home videos, at 4 years old, I was doing nothing but being the entertainer. Singing 'Boot Scootin' Boogie' in the living room. Then, I guess, just by the grace of God I started writing songs, and somebody happened to like them.
You don't start out getting into the gym and bench pressing 300 pounds. You start out by doing the bar.
I love being the dude that does what no else is doing in the genre. It's exciting and terrifying at the same time.
'Die a Happy Man' was one of those that, when I wrote it and sent it to my label, their response was, 'This is a career record.' I was like, 'Why do you think that?' I think the stars aligned.
I wanted to be a physical therapist because I had torn up my knee and thought it was interesting with the rehab and whatever. I did kinesiology, and after the first four days of class, I dropped out because I was like, 'This ain't the class for me!'
My position on Speedos changes depending on the country that I'm in. If you're in Europe, it's definitely acceptable.
When you finish a song, your first thought is going to be, 'Is this song a hit?' I hate that we think that way, because it kind of takes a little bit of the meaning out of the songs that are being written, but you're definitely going to think, 'Can this song be put on the radio?'
Songs are like children in a way. They all need to find a home.
I would say that all the singles that I have put out are collectively just a small piece of the artist that Thomas Rhett wants to be.
I grew up with, maybe not the best hip-hop in the world, but a lot of hip-hop. Will Smith was, like, my jam when I was, like, 9 or 10 years old.
As a kid, I dreamed of being nominated for a Grammy.
I'm not just trying to be good at one thing and then call it a day. I want to be like Bruno Mars.
'Crash' is the hardest song I've ever sang in my whole life. It's the lowest in my vocal register and the highest in my register, all within 15 seconds.
I wanted to be so many different things in the beginning - I wanted to be a rocker, I wanted to be a great songwriter, I wanted to be a great melodic singer.
Any time you're nominated for anything, it's a true blessing and something you should be really excited about, but it's sort of time to not be considered new anymore because I don't really feel like I'm new. I'm just glad people still see me as fresh. I wish there was a 'fresh country artist category' rather than 'new.'
Single Record of the Year and New Vocalist were such a blessing to see, but when I saw that I was up for Album of the Year, that's when I started to be like, 'What in the world, this is crazy!' That one really got me in a pretty different way.
I'm obsessed with Bruno Mars' records. I'd give my right leg to be able to sing like that dude.
It is completely a God thing that I am here today because for the first 17 years of my life, I never thought I would ever do music professionally. I'd always liked what my dad did, but I never thought that I wanted to do it, just to be different.
There's no such thing as standing still and just singing a song. I love jumping into the crowd. I love to dance.
I'm a fun song maker. I love to make people smile. I also love to see them big, burly dudes crying because their wives' song is 'Die a Happy Man.'
I think, for every artist, the second album is the most terrifying one to put out because it can either boost your career, and everybody can't wait until your third album, or the second one is terrible, and 'He probably hit a plateau on his first one.'
When I was 12 or 13, my dad taught me a couple of different chords, and once I learned chords, I never learned to read music, but I learned tablature, like a lot of kids do, and I learned songs that had the chords I knew. It took me a long time to understand the upstroke of picking and strumming, but once I did, it all fell into place.
Everybody besides my piano player has been with me since the very first day. We were a four-piece band for a solid two years. It was me playing acoustic and rhythm electric guitar, a bass player, a drummer and a lead guitar player. For a couple of years, we sounded like the Foo Fighters.
I realize that I'm not a great dancer. I've given up the hip-shaking. I don't pelvic thrust anymore. Those were the beginning days of T. R. learning how to dance. But I love it, and I've taken a few choreography lessons. But other than that, I kinda just feel it, I guess.
At every sound check, I try to practice on the stage that we're gonna play on that night, 'cause every stage is different. Whether it's concrete or whether it's plywood or whether it's Plexiglas, it all requires different things. You can't dance on concrete as well as you can dance on Plexiglas.
Writing songs has always been my first and foremost love, and, you know, whether I continue to have success as an artist or not, I will always write songs.
When you write a hit song, and you know it when it's done, it's one of the best feelings in the world.
