American,Musician
Whatever your hustle is, go somewhere with it.
I feel naked without earrings. I'll pass out twice. It feels like I'm missing a body part.
We were always authentic when it came to our style. From when we started to the height of our fame, we've always been consistent in our look because how we dressed was a result of how we felt. We weren't playing dress-up.
It's amazing what miracles and little angels and pure love around you can bring out.
A role model can teach you to love and respect yourself.
I don't care how much money you have in the world. It's not about that. It's all about time.
I have to thank God for bringing me through and allowing me to continue to do charitable work for other sick children suffering with sickle cell.
I've been through a lot with sickle-cell, but my recovery from the brain tumor was the hardest thing.
In life, you have to learn how to heal. You never get over stuff, but you have to learn how to heal.
You're always in a blessed position if you have a great success story, especially to be in a position to be able to tell it so people can even understand.
I had an attitude problem when I was a kid. I'm not gonna lie.
I want to raise my own baby. I don't want my baby crying for some other strange lady, some nanny. I am not down with that.
'Waterfalls' spoke to so many people at a time where people needed to feel like somebody was on their side.
I had to learn a lot about myself during the situation with my brain tumor.
To have a body of work is a blessing - when you have songs that have been around generation after generation that they call timeless music, you can work that for a long time.
At the end of the day, I do think there's a higher power, and the way I feel about things and choose to do things has an effect on that outcome.
I'm in charge of raising a young woman one day, to be a mother and hopefully a wife.
I've traveled the world in one of the best groups ever. I'm 42.
I get a lot of 'Oh, you've been gone.' I wasn't gone. Just because you didn't see me doesn't mean I wasn't working and collecting checks. I just wasn't singing and doing videos. I do a lot of other things, like I said, like writing scripts and stuff like that. I write for other artists.
I want to live. I didn't have time to die.
I guess I have to prove myself all over again, even if it's to the world. I don't have a problem doing that.
I don't care about Donald Trump. I mean, God is my president. So I just feel sorry for people it affects, but I don't care about him.
I would like to confirm that Perri Reid was the only person who ever suggested that Chilli leave TLC.
TLC always looked up to male bands. We saw guy groups could just go out and get the fans screaming by just standing there - fully clothed and with nothing but their music... We saw them as the competition more than the girl groups, with whom we wanted to stay unified.
In life, when you lose anyone, there's always an adjustment period - emotionally, mentally and physically.
The TLC sound! That's what's so awesome - we have our own sound.
If it has something of substance and a platform that makes sense, I can share my story. You can get a little more into my life, and I can mesh my singing with things I love to do and writing for others and telling my story in hopes of helping someone. I'm all for it.
The interesting thing about the TLC network is that they were interested in following me, not leading me.
No matter what, everyone will go through a disagreement - that's what makes us all different.
TLC is T-Boz, Lisa, and Chilli. That's it.
Bell Biv Devoe, back in the day, we used to look up to them. They had incredible style back then, so we wanted to be like them.
Everything happens the way it's supposed to because it's just like cavemen - you evolve and grow and learn.
When my kid was five and playing with my camcorder. I don't like it. It makes it look fake looking, too much HD. I don't need to see your pores on TV, like why do I see your pores right here? That's not cool.
There's vultures out here. You need to listen and learn.
What I'm proud of, we learned from our lessons.
I don't know if I want her to sing it with us, but I'm curious to what type of song Taylor Swift would write for us. I'm curious to see what kind of pen she would write for TLC. Or like an Adam Levine. Somebody like that. They're phenomenal writers.
'Creep,' unfortunately, was one of my true stories.
I have learned to smile when I wasn't happy, to sing when I didn't feel like it, and to do things just to please my fans.
One thing, parents: you need to realize is you've got to stop letting artists raise your kids. You're the parent. Why don't you monitor what your child wears? Ariana Grande didn't sign on to be a role model.
I think timing is everything.
