American,Musician
I dressed up as a veterinarian for a Halloween costume party. I had the lab coat. I got a couple of stuffed animals for patients and put bandages on them.
When we started making 'Where You Live', I bought a bunch of Polaroid cameras in so that people could record the experience. Some of those pictures are in the CD sleeve.
At this point in my life I'd like to live as if only love mattered.
I'm not sure about anything as far as religion and spirituality go.
I grew up with music in the house. I was told I could sing as soon as I started talking. Everybody in my family sang, always lots of records, blues and jazz and soul, R&B, you know, like Mahalia Jackson, Aretha Franklin, Coltrane, that kind of thing.
I'm a hopeful cynic.
I meet people in my daily life, people who seem to experience some change and some growth on a personal level, and that gives me hope.
I think it's important, if you are an artist, to use your music to stand up for what you believe in.
I never assumed I would have that commercial success, so it was a total surprise. And honestly, I never assumed that it would ever happen again.
I had a ukulele when I was much younger. I have no idea what happened to it but I think that was part of it, just being inspired and wanting to try to play an instrument that, to me, sounded beautiful.
One of the reasons I chose Tufts is that they have one of the best veterinary schools in the country. Since I was six years old, I wanted to be a veterinarian.
That's one of the things I like about San Francisco. It's not like anywhere else in the world.
After it's finished, sometimes I can trace a path that goes back to the possible source of inspiration.
We all must live our lives always feeling, always thinking the moment has arrived.
I don't try to project any image at all, other than the person that I am.
I never travelled when I was younger.
I may be revered or defamed and decried; But I tried to live my life right.
Everyone is looking for connections between the songs. I don't usually approach a record as a concept. There's no overriding theme I'm trying to represent. It's all about the individual songs.
I end up writing about all kinds of things. I never make an attempt to write about anything in particular. I don't have a little list of topics to write about.
I learn all these things about the record talking about it after it's finished.
I often write either really early in the morning, or really late at night.
I see some recurring themes: things that feel threaded together, some symbolic references, and songs about some of the big questions, like death. There are a lot of references to weather, too!
Love's a recurring theme through my work.
My older sister encouraged me from early on and bought me one of the first guitars I had. She listened to all of the crappy songs that I wrote when I was 8 years old and encouraged me to keep doing it.
People's real hopes and dreams can be distorted and misdirected and packaged until you're not sure what you really want or what you even really need.
Some things remain fragments, just the lyrics and melodies or a line or two or a verse.
I don't know - I'm not sure about anything as far as religion and spirituality go.
I think religion played a huge part in Bush's re-election.
I started playing and writing songs when I was eight.
Honestly, I think, as an artist, it's everything that's in your life that informs what you do. So, obviously, growing up in Cleveland has played a big role in how I see the world.
I was raised in a Baptist tradition, but then I went to an Episcopalian high school, and they were very accepting of people of all faiths.
I mentioned that I received a scholarship to Episcopalian school, and the model for the school was 'From each according to his or her ability and to each according to his or her need.' And it's something that is still really important to me in thinking about how I prioritize what I do with my life.
It all comes together. It's - that's the way it's always worked for me with songwriting.
That's what everyone should do with their lives: stand up for what they believe in or try to do some good in the world. I don't think artists have a greater responsibility than anyone else.
We do need to think about how we have security - everyone has a right to that - but we also need to think about how we maintain civil rights and personal freedom.
I can't think of anything worse, really, than to try to live up to someone else's expectations of what you should be. You don't make art by consensus.
My first record was almost not my first record.
There have been some gains made in terms of more equality for women in the workplace and in the way the legal system deals with issues of violence against women.
As I started to consider a career in music, I hoped for success, truthfully. I didn't imagine anything that would amass the level of the first record, but I hoped that I would be able to sustain a career.
There are some concerns that are universal. Everyone wants to be loved, and everyone wants to feel like they belong somewhere in the world. Everyone wants to do something and feel like they have a sense of purpose. These are just the things that I think about and the things that make their way into my songwriting.
Stand up for yourself and fight for your right to be the artist that you want to be. There's plenty of pressure from outside; people tell you how to dress and how to sing or what to sing, but I always felt like if I'm going to fail or succeed, I want to do it on my own terms.
You need to keep something for yourself. As a writer, I feel that even more strongly. I feel like I need to be able to freely observe the world. That's the way I like to move through the world; I don't need to be the focus of attention. If I am, it impairs my ability to write and to do what I do.
I decided to do whatever I could to make sure the business side of music didn't intrude on the creative part.
There's a time and place for everything, and my focus is music. So that's what I prefer to spend most of my time doing, and not talk about making music.
I could make records at home in a vacuum, but that is not the situation. I'm just taking it one phase at a time.
I won't get into it any more than to say that there are parts of me in all the songs that I write.
I always considered trying to make a living playing music. But it was always really clear to me, at the various stages in my life, that it really wasn't a possibility unless some phenomenal thing happened.
