American,Musician
There's a lot of us out here that are birds, man. We all need to just fly.
I'm just here for good times, man. I want people to have the best time ever. Especially if they're around me.
There are people who take fashion at different levels, but personally, I'm just a kid with it.
You can't buy vision, and you can't buy aesthetic.
My whole story is straight mythical. It's tangible, but it's also what life could be.
I know what my identity is.
You can't buy swag.
A nerd can call another nerd a nerd.
Yes, money is important. But it's all about the creative process.
I feel like everything needs to be stylised; that's always been my mindset.
I have devoted myself to the Rockets.
I don't need a stage to perform. We just need something to stand on.
I'm La Flame at all times. That, at times, can be bad, at times can be good.
With albums like 'Rodeo,' 'Days Before Rodeo' and 'Owl Pharaoh,' I was really tuned into wanting to get people to understand my conscious and who I was mentally and who I am mentally.
I'm attached to the beat. The beat speaks words. I love music.
I felt like 'Owl Pharoah,' not everyone understood who I was as an artist.
I feel like everyone just gets constricted by their parents or, just, life.
When I was three years old, my dad bought me my first drum set.
You can't buy being a rock star.
I see hip-hop as going in a self-managing place. It's very culturally controlled and artist-controlled. It's not really based on a label anymore. Everything is pretty much in the control of the artist. Which is amazing.
You've gotta motivate kids. They wanna grow up. They got problems. You've gotta give 'em that music to make 'em feel like they're OK, and it's only a couple of artists that do that.
I skipped 'College Dropout' and 'Late Registration' and went straight to '808s & Heartbreak.'
'Days Before Rodeo' is just the journey of me finding out who I am.
Money is something that keeps you alive and healthy and just keeps you focused. It's the drive. It's the passion.
Everybody just has different steps in their life that they take to do what they should.
Every time I go into the studio, it's some next level, man.
I don't know if he remembers, but the first time I ever met Cudi was the first time I met Kanye. I've never told anyone this, but it was the same day. That was the first time I was around G.O.O.D. Music at all. I was sitting like, 'Man, I'm in the presence of 'Ye and Cudi. This is the art level where I want to be.'
Honestly, I really can't speak on others, but in a sense, I feel like every artist always has their problems with the industry because we all want to have our creative way.
I was on mad platinum albums... I produced and wrote on them.
I'm a Bieber fan, man! That kid is ill!
Cudi should be a top tier artist... I think he fathered a lot of the style of music. He's a good influence and a good help.
I remember my mom bought me one of their shirts for Easter so that I could wear Helmut Lang for Easter. That was my first piece.
I don't look at myself as a designer; I'm focused on music.
I'm always up for collaborating with brands and people who actually design, but doing your own line is a whole other beast. I don't think I could deal with the criticism.
I want first and foremost to help other artists, launch new names, to provide opportunities. I want to do for them what happened to me, but better.
I'm not hip-hop.
I'm an artist. I produce, I direct, and all of that goes into the music.
My work ethic is crazy. I'm a producer, an artist, and a video director.
I was a smart kid. I went to private school in middle school and got kicked out.
I've got a song with Roscoe Dash - that's next level, man.
I've been really trying to put people onto, like, my sound since I was, like, 17, 16.
I think of Westernized culture as a good visual for my music.
I think, with production, I pay very close attention. 'Cause that's my favorite thing in music. That's the whole drive. That's the reason.
I feel like God put me here to help out with people's soul, man.
I don't write; I just go in the booth.
Fans be reflecting the way I be making music.
Me being in Houston, I wanted to leave there because it was only known for one thing. That's why I hit N.Y.; that's why I hit L.A. That's why I hit Paris, London. I just picked up basically everything, but I morphed it into what Travi$ Scott is and into what I know is fresh.
I'm a big fan of Kid Cudi. He was, like, the only concert I think I went to as a kid. He was on tour with Asher Roth.
I always hate when, like, my favorite performer has a boring moment. Especially when they got mad hits.
I don't get why radio shows allow artists to do shows without creative control, without any art direction at all. Instead of that, I get their press guys, their camera guys to be my backdrop of my show.
I have this old Polo jacket. I've got to bring it wherever I go. And I have this one cape that somebody gave to me. It's this jumpsuit with this cape on the back that this one person gave to me. It's clutch.
I like how fashion is becoming more like music. It's more adaptive to young kids. It's more adaptive to a more on-the-go lifestyle. More street vibe. But I've always been into it.
My mom used to work for Coach and Louis Vuitton, in retail. So, I've always been around it. I've always had that connection. Always.
I feel like 'Birds in the Trap' seem united; it's just metaphor for ones in their box that are stuck and can't get their creative idea out.
I feel like more artists like me should be on the radio. Everything is, like, so controlled by, like, super popular music. You know what I'm saying? Like, c'mon.
I want to do what Kid Cudi did for kids for my generation.
I must say, I've been in the studio with Jay Z, dog... I thought the freestyle thing was a myth. But, bro!
I don't really write. I'm an on-the-spot type of person. This beat, let's listen to it; let's vibe. And then I'll do a melody, and then we'll go back and do it.
Kanye and T.I. both engage with what I'm doing.
I was in early on with 'Yeezus.'
One day, Travi$ is going to be moving like The Beatles.
I never produce a song, whether writing it or making a beat, and give it a wack visual or wack performance. I'm like a trifecta.
I design music; I don't produce it.
The most ironic thing is my grandfather has his masters in music composition; he was a jazz composer. My dad was a musician, too. He played more, like, soul music.
That's where I get my whole music theory from, my pops and my grandfather.
I have black friends, but I don't just hang out with black kids. I might pull up with Indian kids, white kids, black kids, whatever.
