American,Musician
Pop culture is not about depth. It's about marketing, supply and demand, consumerism.
Bungle is definitely a priority right now.
It's too hard for me to comment on the sorry state of our culture.
I feel akin to the Platypus. An orphan in a family. A swimmer, a recluse. Part bird, part fish, part lizard.
If I can introduce someone to something new, as is constantly happening to me, then I am elated.
I think it was more personal, but I certainly tried to adapt certain concepts of Surrealism.
Mullets are still going strong in the south and places like St Louis or the Carolinas.
There's a reason I moved to NYC, and if I listed all the musicians on my list you'd grow weary.
I remember when metal was something you really had to search out, and now I hear it on car commercials.
I have no inflated ideas about success anyway.
I'm comfortable, but not satisfied and I hope to always feel that way.
I've experienced as much fame as I ever want to.
But I also like to be in control, like anyone else. I try to achieve a balance.
I guess the two Manifesto, Communicating Vessels, Mad Love, and some of his poetry made a significant mark on me but as far as bringing a literary element into the music I see it as a much broader assimilation.
Hopefully, as a band, it will grow and develop for a good length of time.
Being in several, disparate bands is what I thrive on.
The bungle tour is a bit up in the air due to the fact this at we are getting screwed by our overseas label.
Well, I've never been to Japan so I couldn't say. I do know that we have a bit of a following there however.
I mean, I would hope that I have a style or personality that is evident wherever I go.
Music is a very personal and emotional form of communication.
Different people bring out different aspects of ones personality.
NYC is chaotic. And I am attracted to chaos.
I need to broaden my horizons.
I love being a musician. I love the lifestyle. But I think it's probably as difficult and frustrating as anything.
I never understood why the metal heads in my school hated the punks.
If you want music that speaks to you, that LISTENS to you, you have to go out of your way, which I enjoy actually. I'm constantly on a private-eye kick to find the totally obscure.
