American,Musician
Music has always been my protection against the world, from a very young age. I feel safe inside of a jam.
Equality implies individuality.
I'm not trying to pull the rug out from under anybody, but the music really does tell you where to go.
I've always loved the experience of working together with other people toward an artistic goal.
I've been sober for two-and-a-half years, My children are happy. In August, my wife and I will celebrate our fifteenth wedding anniversary. My band is back together with a sold-out tour.
It was amazing and inspiring to see so many people come together through music to aid the great state of Vermont.
If there's one thing I discovered since I came back from hiatus, it's that you can't go backwards.
Things don't go on forever, and the quicker you accept that change is inevitable, the happier you're gonna be.
I am a prince I have it all, and I hear your foot steps on the wall, I wait in silence for your call, and take a shot and watch you fall.
As long as your intention is pure, and you know what you're in it for, then you're alright. And I'm in it because I enjoy it. I take it seriously... real seriously. I mean I could sit and talk all day about the music.
Set the gearshift for the high gear of your soul, you've got to run like an antelope out of control!
My life was a complete catatrophe. I was very, very sick from drugs and alcohol.
Musicians from the beginning of time have been there to express the mood and the musical feelings in the air for whatever's going on in that particular culture. It's the greatest joy as a musician to be able to translate that, be part of something and watch the scenery around you.
Working on a play is a vibrant and collaborative business. Everyone from the choreographer to the music director to the director to the writers work together toward the same goal, and everyone chimes in on everything.
The biggest sacrifice to me is to not be in an atmosphere where I can keep writing and moving forward.
Swing will never sound as good as it did in the '40s.
What I thought at the moment was the worst thing that could happen was absolutely the biggest gift I've received.
When you're a musician and you break new ground it resonates into the common consciousness.
I've always loved musical theater. It's a bit of a family tradition.
We're never going to stop! Three hundred shows a year forever!
I absolutely love the Philharmonic. I also love rock guitar.
I think the Internet is going to open up a lot of possibilities with music, and the shake-up of power is exciting to me.
I always dreamed of writing in an orchestral context. But when you finish a piece, you want to hear it. So we played everything with Phish.
I can't wait to play the Hammerstein shows. Things have been exploding in the last week, and that's going to be the exclamation point.
I consider myself extremely lucky to have worked with so many great collaborators in my lifetime.
Anyone who writes knows that ultimately the majority of your time is spent alone in a room with a piano or a guitar, no matter what the project is.
