American,Musician
I've lost a bunch of friends - some of them in jail, some of them made bad choices, some of them aren't where they should be.
As a kid, I would wake up, and there'd be a jazz funeral while I'm walking to school. And when I come home, you can find Rebirth band playing for a birthday party the same day.
The music always takes us to different places. We'll just continue to play and see what doors open from there.
I just play music. That makes my whole day. I can practice and be happy.
My parents pushed me toward trombone because they didn't need another trumpet player.
'Supafunkrock' is a musical gumbo. We throw all those musical influences into the pot and put it out there.
It's like drinking water. You have to have water every day, and music is like water for me.
I could just play my horn in my room for 20 minutes a day, and I will be happy.
I was nurtured to play music pretty much from birth.
Australia is one of my favorite places to play - it's a crazy experience.
I wanted to become a better entertainer, and I learned from my brother James Andrews. And I've been studying some tape of James Brown and different people.
Whenever we can, we try to talk to students. If I can, I'll invite kids from a school to a sound check and take questions from them. I want to show them it's cool to play the trombone. Kids are influenced by what's accessible to them. It's hard for kids to be introduced to music other than what they see on TV and video.
Music brings unity.
I always dreamed of playing a show with Bono and Edge and the guys in Green Day.
There's pride on Bourbon Street for the musicians that work there. They take it very seriously. I've never worked there or played in band there, but it's a part of the city. They play for the tourists and represent a whole different side of the culture of our city.
I didn't grow up during the time that Louis Armstrong or Miles Davis and all those people were playing. So it's not really my responsibility to keep it up, what they were doing.
There's a lot of music at my fingertips that I can be influenced by. And just because I play a horn, I don't need to sound, or try to capture, what was happening before me. I can just respect it and learn from it.
Music is changing. I'm just doing what I'm doing, and hopefully in the next 20, 30 years, some kids can take what I'm doing and change it again. If the music doesn't move, then it's dead.
When I was a kid, my friends and I formed a band, Trombone Shorty's Brass Band. When I was six, I was a bandleader for my brother's band.
I was given a horn at an early age. I never really got a chance to think about doing anything else until I was about 18, when I realized I could do something else if I wanted to. In my teens, I was rolling in it.
New Orleans is like a big musical gumbo. The sound I have is from being in the city my whole life.
I've dreamed a lot of things and a lot of them have come true. The Grammy nomination was the last thing on my list before I had to write a new one. So I'm working on a new one.
No matter what setting I play in, I will always be New Orleans. It's one of the only cities where you can hang out with the Marsalis family, the Neville brothers, whoever it might be, and we all play together.
Music should be pushed forward.
People get caught up in recreating something, and that actually hurts the genre of music because there's nothing new.
I've been playing music since I was four, so it's part of my life. It's all I know. It's just a part of my everyday living.
Actually, I started off playing by ear and being around a bunch of musicians playing in the streets in the different parades.
I was listening to Ministry and Garth Brooks and Charlie Pride and Wynton Marsalis, and then I would listen to Juvenile or Lil Wayne. It's just that I'm a big fan of music. I'm a student of music. And I just want to learn and keep enhancing my education about the music.
Sometimes on my show, I just play something out of the blue, and the band picks up on it.
Everywhere I go around the world, we have fans of New Orleans. Sometimes we go places, and people don't really know who we are, but they know New Orleans, and once we say we are from New Orleans, we have a lot of supporters.
I just want to spearhead and lead a new style of New Orleans music.
Sometimes it's very hard for other New Orleans musicians to break out. It starts with the musician. They have to be willing to take a risk. Playing in the city, you can get comfortable. You think things are going well, but you're always in the city.
I have to continue to make the older musicians proud and brush up on my skills.
Whenever I go jamming, people are looking to cut me. The young ones learn my stuff and come play it at me, and I have to learn other stuff. I feel a lot of pressure. But it's cool. It's a good pressure.
I have to continue to grow and take it to another level so the next generation has something to follow.
I grew up listening to the Neville Brothers and the Rebirth Brass Band.
In New Orleans, we like to interact with the crowd. We don't like people sitting down.
I never really listened to any particular trombone players.
Music in New Orleans has always been the heartbeat that drives the city. It was that even before Katrina, and that's what we had to rely on after the storm.
Rock guitar is one of my favourite sounds.
I'm always trying to emulate guitar. Especially when I'm playing the trombone, that's what I think about. Like, I listen to guitar players every day: Warren Haynes, Lenny Kravitz, Prince, different people. And I'm always trying to find out a way how I can get my trombone to sound like that.
New Orleans is like my blood; it's not going anywhere. And then I just take different things that I've learned over the years and add them to what I'm doing with the natural New Orleans sound.
I listen to Nine Inch Nails, Green Day, U2, and it becomes part of me, comes out in my music. Wherever it goes, there will always be the fabric of New Orleans in it.
I was put on so many different musical stages growing up that I didn't think about what kind of music we played. I just thought music was music.
We have to let the younger generations take our music - and approach it the way they want - but just teach them where it all comes from.
I'm big fans of all those musicians, B.B. King, Mick Jagger - they're all on my iPod.
I'm very proud of 'Backatown,' and usually I don't like to listen to my records.
Certain jazz musicians just copy what was done 100 years ago. The music won't grow if nobody takes a risk.
My only time off is when I'm sleeping.
My grandfather influenced my brother, and my brother was my biggest influence.
I just wanted to keep growing and touring with my band.
It was just music all day... My neighbors were musicians, and my brother and my family and everybody... It was just a musical neighborhood. I think the neighborhood was such a good family type of vibe for me that I didn't even realize some of the people weren't my real family till later on in life.
As a musician, as a horn player, sometimes I even get bored listening to all instrumental music.
People seem to absorb my sound. It feels like they're one with me.
Since I'm born here, my music will always have some New Orleans elements.
I love to play. That's always been my passion.
I spent a lot of time with the Neville Brothers and Dr. John and different people. They play different styles of music, and it allowed me to learn different styles.
Everyone who hears our music loves it, but how many people get to hear it?
I need New Orleans. And New Orleans needs me.
New Orleans made me who I am.
When you start playing as young as me, and you've been in front of audiences your entire life, this is literally what I grew up doing.
When we're ready to do the dress rehearsal, we'll rehearse in the dark. No lights. The reason why I do that is because I don't want the band to rely on me for anything. 'Cause anything can happen - I might stop singing or unplug the mic, just so everybody knows: Keep going, no matter what.
One thing I've learned in life is that natural talent only takes you so far, and I've always wanted to grow.
You've got different people that have different views of New Orleans. When you say 'New Orleans,' you have people who just think of the Neville Brothers. You've got people that think of Louis Armstrong. You say 'New Orleans,' and you've got people that think of Lil' Wayne.
The only thing we try and do is just be a part of the gumbo that New Orleans is.
When I play the trumpet, I'm in a different character.
Being jazz-trained, things happen spontaneously. Even though it's funk rock, we still have the instincts of a jazz musician.
Most people don't even know what a trombone is. It's not that popular as a front instrument... I picked it up and fell in love with it as a kid. It's a difficult instrument, but I like doing things that seem impossible.
We didn't know music had all these names. We made up SupaFunkRock on a plane when a flight attendant asked us what we play.
I've grown up in the Treme, and I played in a bunch of brass bands. My brother, James Andrews, had a brass band.
That's the way New Orleans is. It's driven by the music.
In New Orleans, people are still influenced by one another. You got these bands that play every week on Frenchmen Street, and on their breaks, they might go see the reggae band that's right next door. You might get the musicians from the reggae band to sit in with the brass musicians. Everyone is having fun.
At the end of the day, I'm a New Orleans musician. Whatever that means.
In New Orleans, we celebrate everything. It's probably the only place you'll see people dancing in a funeral home.
No matter what kinds of problems we might be going through, or what kinds of problems the world might be going through, music is the place where we can all get along. We can all jam.
If I have to be considered any type of jazz artist, it would be New Orleans jazz because New Orleans jazz never forgot that jazz is dance music and jazz is fun. I'm more influenced by that style of jazz than anything else.
We're not really trying to do anything besides represent where we come from, and that's New Orleans.
That always has been one of my dreams, to be able to appeal to a bunch of people.
It doesn't matter where we are. We can be marching down the streets of New Orleans, or we can be onstage in front of 15,000 people. As long as I know that I'm about to put my horn to my mouth and play some notes, that's what I most look forward to.
It's very important to me that I at least know the history of the music.
I just don't like looking at the crowd and seeing them just staring and listening to the music. When I get them involved, whatever type of music I'm playing, they leave there feeling better.
