American,Musician
My mama always used to tell me: 'If you can't find somethin' to live for, you best find somethin' to die for.'
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.
I don't have no fear of death. My only fear is coming back reincarnated.
It's the game of life. Do I win or do I lose? One day they're gonna shut the game down. I gotta have as much fun and go around the board as many times as I can before it's my turn to leave.
All I'm trying to do is survive and make good out of the dirty, nasty, unbelievable lifestyle that they gave me.
It seems like every time you come up something happens to bring you back down.
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine?
It's a struggle for every young Black man. You know how it is, only God can judge us.
I'm a reflection of the community.
Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever.
There's nobody in the business strong enough to scare me.
I don't see myself being special; I just see myself having more responsibilities than the next man. People look to me to do things for them, to have answers.
The only thing that comes to a sleeping man is dreams.
I think I'm a natural-born leader. I know how to bow down to authority if it's authority that I respect.
Let the Lord judge the criminals.
I'm 23 years old. I might just be my mother's child, but in all reality, I'm everybody's child. Nobody raised me; I was raised in this society.
In my mind I'm a blind man doin' time.
Thug Life to me is dead.
With all my fans I got a family again.
The only time I have problems is when I sleep.
America wants its respect.
Dre was one of my heros in the music industry. If he's not down for his homeboys, I don't wanna be a part of him or around him.
I just don't know how to deal with so many people giving me that much affection. I never had that in my life.
I'll probably be punished for hard living.
We all gonna die, we bleed from similar veins.
I would rather have been shot straight-up in cold blood-but to be set up? By people who you trusted? That's bad.
