American,Musician
Success is about dedication. You may not be where you want to be or do what you want to do when you're on the journey. But you've got to be willing to have vision and foresight that leads you to an incredible end.
As a kid, looking at Michael Jackson, Marvin Gaye, New Edition, the Temptations, Motown, people who I felt were huge artists, they made me wanna do something.
Appearance is something you should definitely consider when you're going out. Have your girlfriend clip your nails or something like that.
The girls want to see the rips on your stomach - they like that.
Sleeping is forbidden at the age of 22. It's all work and no play.
Strivers achieve what dreamers believe.
I've learnt that you are who you are, and in the end, if you don't believe it, then no one will.
Artistic development made me who I am. Somebody took the time to help me find what it is that works for me as an entertainer and who I am as a music maker.
I went through a soul-searching period. I went to a place that was a little bit more reflective and dark. I began to look at who I am, who I was, where I come from, what my culture is, and who I am as an African-American person in America.
My idea of artistry has always been 'try everything until you find out what works.'
Down time is not the name of the game.
In time we grow older, we grow wiser, we grow smarter, and we're better. And I feel like I'm becoming more seasoned, although I don't have my salt-and-pepper hair.
Someday, I'd like to create a fashionable dance shoe.
My philosophy is I'm raising future adults, not children.
In life, you have to go through something to get to something. From that, the inspiration comes having something of substance to talk about; otherwise you're just considered to be fluff.
I get to see life through rose-colored glasses a lot of the time.
I'm a flamboyant type of guy, a cooler version of Liberace.
I like a woman who takes care of herself - it says something about the way she'll care for me.
Breaking up is a natural evolution when you try to figure out what you want in life. If you're with an individual who isn't moving in the same direction and at the same rate that you are, it ain't going to work.
I've been working so hard, I'm about to have a Mariah Carey.
Somebody has to look out for and protect our kids, and I feel blessed to be a blessing to someone else.
I learned how music works dealing with Jermaine Dupri, and I learned how image works dealing with Puff Daddy.
The best present a man can give a woman is his undivided attention.
I never hated my father. I would have named my child Usher regardless. I never hated myself because I carried his name, because I made it mean what I wanted it to mean.
You can't fake being a star. But you can also become a great personality.
I want England to understand - the rest of the world to understand - what is going on in America. And I want America to understand what is going on in the rest of the world.
