American,Musician
It seems like the good things that have happened in my career are things that you don't try to plan and push, and make it happen, it just seems to happen.
I enjoyed listening to it, but I didn't think I could do it.
It really is, to see that this kind of music is still so popular.
I didn't realize how many true Rockabilly fans there were here in America.
Right, different generations come along, and discover the music, I think.
So, it's nice to know that you've inspired someone to do their life's work.
Getting comments like that from even the young people at the shows who probably aren't singers, the girls who just tell me that I'm an inspiration to them, for one reason or another.
As I go back and listen, the other girls weren't singing quite like I was.
Yeah, they let me do whatever I wanted to.
You know, no one steered people's careers in those days, I don't think, like they do today.
None of the other guys in the band really sang, so that's when I brought Roy Clark in.
You could have a hit in California that no one had heard of in Oklahoma.
On that show, I did country and some rock, too, whatever record I had out at the time, I'd sing that.
I have some of the old videos of my performances on it.
There wasn't so many ISSUES like there are today. It was a simpler time.
But, we didn't have all the media that we do today.
I loved Carl Perkins, Jerry lee Lewis... not only were they personal friends.
They're dressing like in the 50's when they come out to the shows, and many of them have vintage cars.
I really appreciate people like Rosie coming out and saying I've inspired them.
Well, I didn't really have a plan. I just wanted a hit.
I learned so much about recording and about singing on records from Ken Nelson.
If I needed to record, I'd head to the coast or Nashville, one or the other.
I have eighteen titles in the German language. I had a number one song in 1965.
If something pops in my mind and it's easy, I write it.
And it wasn't until '84 when I was first asked to come to Sweden and do an album and concert tour.
I'm still learnin'. I pick up something from every performer I watch.
