American,Musician
Enjoy every sandwich.
You had to go to a different part of town from where I was to get Muddy Waters singles. I had him on singles.
That's my only active wish. I think if I sang like Don Henley, this would be a lot more agreeable business.
I'll sleep when I'm dead.
Well, first of all, let me say that I might have made a tactical error in not going to a physician for 20 years. It was one of those phobias that really didn't pay off.
My memory is not even what most people's is, much less what it oughta be for a discussion like this.
Glenn Gould was my hero. Glenn Gould was my idol. I loved him.
Yeah, I don't like, um, I'm not interested in rock 'n' roll piano. I find it a little grating.
Well, I was interested in playing the piano from as early as I can remember.
Well, I don't think it ever did, but in the early '60s I got interested in folk music.
The primary one being, like I said, I don't like rock 'n' roll piano.
So I guess I had, I think they tell me I had, about three years total of piano lessons, off and on.
Recording at home enables one to eliminate the demo stage, and the presentation stage in the studio, too.
Piano is like drudgery.
My first album is like a terrible John Hammond album, with drums.
My father was a boxer, though. So, I have a particular interest in Ray Mancini, I think.
Mutineer is the first album of mine without a demo stage.
It took me 10 years to realize that I don't know 'em, 10 years to realize that it's possible to learn them, then another 10 years to learn how to do things.
I'm not a big jazz fan.
I wish I sang better.
I remember certain lines and whose they are.
I played a lot of real normal, straight sessions.
I missed jazz, kind of. And by the time I came to it in life, it was too intimidating to enjoy thoroughly.
I mean, I haven't been completely lacking in some enjoyment of Chuck Berry or Buddy Holly. But I just didn't pay attention to that period of music, obviously.
I loved Hendrix. I mean, really, really loved him. As if he were one of the great classical composers. And he was. That's how I saw him.
I have no guitar technique.
