American,Musician
If you don't like me, if you like me; both are equally cool. I send love and positive energy to all those people in their lives. I hope they find where they're meant to be.
If you're not really having fun then there's no point of really trying.
I like eating pepperoni. I heat it up in the microwave and then I let it roast and then I eat it with cheese.
When I first got into the entertainment industry, I would always watch Rihanna and all those people, so I was like, 'Ooh, I have to be this.' So my mom was like, 'Just be yourself.'
I'm not really sick of people whipping their hair. It doesn't really get old. They're fans and I love them! It's just a fun game to play.
I get my flow from Daddy, my singing ability from Mommy, the camera stuff from both. That's just what happens when you hang out with the Smiths.
I wear anything I feel like. If I want to put on a pair of Converse with a pencil stuck through them, I will.
If you don't work hard, then you aren't going to have the success that you want. But if you work hard and dig in, then you are going to have the success that you want.
If I know what's true in my heart and my soul, then what people say can't shape that.
I feel like I'm making a difference. I feel like putting out a message for young girls to follow your dreams and just work at what you want to do and be yourself.
I can never tell what I'm gonna wear. I kind of just put on whatever feels right. Sometimes that's Converse and a T-shirt, sometimes it's Givenchy heels and leather pants.
I have the motto that says, 'Whatever you see in your closet that you like, pick it and wear it.' It's not just your closet, but just your life. Whatever catches your eye. Pick it.
Whipping your hair means not being afraid to be yourself.
If I want to put on a pair of Converse with a pencil stuck through them, I will.
I never really get to go to school because I am always on tour or with my father. There is a tutor most of the time, but usually I am working so I never get to do the lessons. The worst thing about maths is all the kids are ahead of me because they go to school.
Famous-ness is awesomeness... but some parts of famous-ness can be hard.
If I had to change one thing about my life, it would probably be, I wouldn't be famous. Because when you're famous it's so hard.
I like to eat cheese out of a bowl everyday.
I like the way Billy Idol sings. Mommy turned me on to him.
I have everything that I would possibly imagine. I have a family that loves me and that's... more than most kids have. And it's really awesome for me to experience this life... because most kids don't have this life, and I'm trying to reach out to them and help them.
My style kinda comes from the music I listen to.
