American,Musician
I love my iPhone; it's great to have a camera around all the time.
My favorite English teacher in high school showed me 'Brazil' when I was 15, and it blew my mind. It's one of those movies that's revealed itself in different ways as I've gone back to it over the years.
We're exposed to ideas everywhere. The world is full of ideas. I think that television is a pretty powerful medium in that regard.
Being in a rock band, I feel a certain responsibility to have a weird haircut. I mean, who else gets to do that?
A lot of people get really stuck in this idea that everything's been done and there's nowhere left to go.
I'm not practising, I don't go to church, but what I got from it was a sense of belonging to something bigger. What I really miss is being forced to be in a community with people that aren't the same as you. Then, you really have to work through the ways that you're different.
Funny songs aren't usually that good. Like Weird Al and maybe a couple of Beatles songs, but it's kind of hard to bring humor into rock music in an interesting way.
I was really sick of bands just ignoring the audience as a posture in rock music. And I think we fed off each other in terms of trying to engage the audience, not in a hammy way, but actually trying to be aware of the space that you are playing in and trying to connect in some way through the music.
Usually, I think you have most of your musical influences locked down by the time you're 16.
The film 'Black Orpheus' is one of my favorite films of all time, which is set in Carnival in Brazil.
I feel like I'm kind of a bit of a sponge in a way. Like, if people around me are going through things, I find it very hard not to be empathetic.
I studied the Bible and philosophy in college, and I think in a certain sense that's the kind of stuff that still makes my brain work.
The cliched rock life never seemed that cool to me.
Our music may sound big emotionally, but that's more to do with the playing, the level of musicianship and the full-on energy. Often, the lyrics are often quite small and focused.
I had a somewhat religious upbringing. Not strict, but it was there, and I'm kind of thankful for that. If you grow up just watching MTV, that's its own form of religion, and it's not even based on happiness or communal responsibility. I mean, try to construct a worldview out of that.
I think there's some pretty amazing language in the Bible.
Whenever you're talking about meaning, basically... I think a lot of the human experience has to do with trying to understand what things mean, and there's not really any tools to do that unless you're thinking about it in a more spiritual or philosophical realm.
I found out a lot of stuff through MTV, and I didn't even have cable, I just saw it at friends' houses. But my culture in junior high was totally influenced by it.
I never really felt super-Texan. It wasn't like I was unhappy, but I wasn't superhappy.
The idea of peer critique, of talking about each other's art - I just found it so useless.
I'm not someone who can dance to a song I don't like.
The idea of dancing to bad house music is something I could never get behind.
I'm not a good hipster - if I let my moustache grow for weeks, it just looks like I have dirt on my face. I'll never have a glorious handlebar moustache.
I don't like to talk about other bands in interviews.
I grew up in a somewhat religious family. My dad's family isn't religious at all, but my mom's side of the family is, so I was exposed to church a bit.
If you think about it, if you've ever been to a Catholic service, it's practically a laser light show. It's very dramatic, very theatrical. The outfits they wear, it's all designed to be impressive.
