American,Musician
My homies in Gadsden aren't as exposed as I am culturally, which is awesome - that's why I love going home. I'm in the kitchen with people who don't know anything but the simple life, what's important to them, and what's dope.
Sometimes I want to party, sometimes I want to fight and sometimes I want to cry.
Where I'm from is like 'Hustle & Flow' versus '8 Mile.' It's that really grimy, box-Chevy, dope-boy, working-class music.
I can tell you that when you're willing to give your life up to see a dream through, the reward is great.
This is hip-hop. If you've got something you want to rap about, just rap about it, man.
Anyone can relate to struggle, whether you're European or Asian. Anyone can relate to having to get up and go to work and eat.
I'm not ashamed of anything that I've done because when I did it, I was passionate about it and I was doing it for a reason.
I definitely prefer intimate crowds. I mean, those are always the best shows, like, a small venue. Packed to the gills. Hot, sweaty. Those are always the fun shows.
I do so much music that it's like a fog, and I can't even remember all of it.
You have to fall. You have to understand what that feels like. For what I want in my life, and for where I want to go with this music, you gotta be humiliated, man. You gotta understand what that feels like. It just makes you stronger.
'Yela' represents hunger, life, light, fire, power. 'Wolf' speaks to my fighting spirit. The soul I put in my music.
Just because a rapper is white, I don't feel the need to attack them.
Shady's great; I love Shady Records.
You don't want to get stuck with a record that you've done with someone that you feel obligated to put out - that's not really dope, just because you made an effort to get together and work.
I'm never scared what people are gonna think about music that I make.
My fans are like no other. Completely original people.
I think any artist that's going to become anything in this world faces humility: with great humility comes great success.
Yeah, I have animosity, a chip on my shoulder. But I love, too.
I just picked up a lot of classic-rock, melodic influence from my mom, music that she listened to, like 10,000 Maniacs, Led Zeppelin, REO Speedwagon and Yes.
I equally love both, classic rock and hip-hop. I love all music, really, and I really use classic rock a lot. I'm heavily influenced by that melodically in my music. I can't really separate the two.
'Radioactive' is the fall out of my life's inspirations, a testament to my ability to survive it all and to tell the story.
American music culture is black culture.
I'm always gonna have the darker edgy music; it is always in my pocket because it comes so naturally to me.
Race is still real and you got to recognize it.
I just want to make a classic. Classic is the standard. I'm just trying to make music that will last a lifetime.
Hip-hop for me has always been hardcore and edgy.
