South African,Musician
I always make a decision, even if it's the wrong one. I hate being confused.
Our music's got flavor; it's got skill. And we present it really well.
I roll with bodyguards when I go back home to South Africa.
I got irritated with people asking us the same questions. Like, 'Are you a real band?' Journalists wanted to slay us, tried to cut us down, and I just started caring less and less about doing interviews. With Facebook and Instagram, you kind of don't need to anyway. But now and again, we'll do something when there's new information to share.
I wanted to be a cool mom. It was hectic. I felt very isolated for a long time, but in the end, it was cool because it helped me and Ninja stick together. If we hadn't, we would have maybe drifted.
It was hard to write or compose... we just had to go back and finish making songs. If we make 20 songs, we'll throw away 10.
Attention, it just comes and goes. Since we don't have a major label, it's like, what are we gonna do next? You have to make your own decisions.
People are flying you places in business class. Everyone wants to take pictures of you and find out information about you. It's a freak-out. But the more you push boundaries, the more you get ahead.
It's weird how people were always asking us, 'Are you real? Are you joking?' That seems like something Americans care about a lot. You can't answer the question 'Are you real?' If we're anything, we're documentary fiction.
Leaving Interscope was not a personal thing. These record companies are a certain kind of machine, and we weren't able to function in it.
You can't try and make something you think someone else will like. You can only make what you like. How can you make a song that Yo-Landi Visser likes? You don't know me. You'll never understand me.
My hair was long with a fringe, and people would make jokes, calling me Britney and Lady Gaga.
I used to be into Bjork and PJ Harvey, and they used to blow my mind. But there hasn't been a pop star blowing anybody's mind.
