American,Musician
I just think a hustler's ambition is that I never stop. I start off hustling and said I'll never stop hustling. An ambitious hustler is the one to hustle the hustlers. When I grew up, my heroes were hustlers. Now I'm their hero.
My hustle is nonstop. I never stop hustling.
You gotta have life your way. If you ain't losing your mind, you ain't partying right.
Everyday, all day I have to be productive. And when I ain't productive, I get concerned.
I never wanted to be a statistic. I never wanted to be that cat who tried and never made it.
I created my lane. No one can ever run my lane because it's mine. I'm the Michael Jackson of my lane. And you know, nobody was as great as Michael. I love Prince, but he's not Michael.
I love the streets, and the streets love me back. And when things ain't going the way they should go, they let you know... and when they happy, you gotta keep 'em happy.
I could sit right here and have a 15-minute conversation with somebody and change their whole life.
Anybody that's got a problem with me is probably envious or wants to be me, and that's how I've always looked at it.
When you a ghetto star, when you a hood star, you gonna take care of your grandmother, your mother. When you on that next level, you gotta take care of the city, the streets.
I think I got a lot of life skills; I got a lot of wisdom; I've seen a lot of bad things happen to a lot of good people.
Anything that looks good makes you feel better.
In my heart, I'm 100% real. You can't pull out nothing in my past that can say I'm not 100% real.
I'm a motivational speaker.
When you're trying to bring the streets into rap to prove a point, then you already lost. You separate the two, and that ain't to be played with. You've got people that lost their lives and people that are doing real time. If we gon' make music, let's just make music.
I'ma continue to make records, continue to make hits, continue to be what I am, legendary.
As long as I'm not selling out the people that ride or die with me, I'm glad I'm not an MC. I'm a motivational speaker. I'm not that rapper dude.
I've got to pay $5 for gas just like everybody else.
When money was plentiful, I was the first one who told you to stack it. Live your life with it. Now that money slowed up, I'ma be the one telling you to save it like they ain't gon' make it no more.
Honestly, I'm on the road so much that I never really get a chance to go to baseball games.
To be honest, I think about the clubs when I write. But I should probably start thinking about stadiums, because the songs sound even better there - and bigger.
It's not the average people that come to my show.
A lot of things come with fame, whether it's losing friends or losing family.
With rap, it's a funny thing. You can say things, and people can take 'em the way they wanna take 'em.
Music is how you feel.
I never ever paid attention to any election.
