Musician
Travel teaches as much as books.
Music in Africa often contains messages. Music in Senegal, and Africa, is never music for music's sake or solely for entertainment. It's always a vehicle for social connections, discussions and ideas.
Music is a language.
I love meeting interesting people and doing things with them.
I grew up with reggae music.
I think people should know more of Africa in terms of its joie de vivre, its feeling for life. In spite of the images that one knows about Africa - the economic poverty, the corruption - there's a joy to living and a happiness in community, living together, in community life, which may be missing here in America.
Islam is a peaceful religion.
I'm a modern Muslim. I pray, and if I have a question, I ask someone who is more educated in the religion than me.
I can assure you that I have never used my media companies for propaganda, and I will never do so.
Islam has been badly used by a certain ideology.
If you come from Africa with your economic poverty and your cultural riches, and you meet someone like Peter Gabriel or a person from a big record company, and they tell you that what you are doing is marvelous, that makes you feel powerful.
I have to protect my family and have a life with them that is completely private.
I respect music, I do. I love it.
I don't want to see that two-tier Senegal, that two-tier Africa, when you have those at the top and those at the bottom, people who are hungry, people who do not have enough to eat.
Senegal needs to free itself, to rediscover its democracy.
Senegal needs a renaissance.
I look at my people, and I look at those who control them - the political elite. And the sad thing is that the elites are just not interested in the welfare of the people.
Africa is the future.
I think that Sufism fits all over the world. The concept is not anything that fits standard Western ideas - it's always related to culture, to music, to religion. It is a dominant religion in Senegal.
I have studied at the school of the world.
I want to use my music to deliver a political message and sometimes to denounce, but I don't want to be a politician.
Politics is politics; art is art. If you play a political role, you have to stop being an artist.
I don't really see myself as an actor.
In politics, sometimes you have to lie, or you make a promise that you cannot keep.
When the slaves left Africa, they left us this music. They left us blues.
I really want to bring the message of love that is Islam to people; bring something new to that familiar face.
