Swedish,Musician
I love eyebrows, so brow pencils and brow shadow are really important to me.
I like to spend as much time with my friends and family as possible.
It really is a dream coming true, being on Billboard.
I work so hard, but... everything just goes my way! It's insane!
Everybody wants attention, more or less. I just want a lot.
My dream is to stand in front of 60,000 people in an arena and know that everyone came because they wanted to make memories with me.
I love to go all out - once I start doing my makeup, I kind of tend to do a lot of it. So like foundation, contour, highlight, eyeliner, shadow, lashes, lipstick - everything! But I really, really love my contours.
I think life is a chain of events.
If I have a day off, I'll get up at three in the afternoon and make some noodles. I fix my makeup and then party until 5 A.M.
I wear jewellery that I never take off. I have a ring and two necklaces. I always have them on and get scared when I have to take them off for photo shoots. The ring is my mum's mum's mum's, and she gave it to me for my 18th birthday. The necklace is the same one that my sister has. She's called Hannah, and the name is the chain.
We're here for a little, little bit of time, and I just wanna make the most out of it.
We have a history of great producers - ABBA and Max Martin - we have proof of people being successful from Sweden.
If it's a good song, it's a good song. I'll take it.
In America, you can't say to your family, 'Hey, I'm off to L.A. to make it as a songwriter; sorry I can't pay for the dentist.'
I've always wanted to be a singer.
When I was little, I had concerts on the subway, and old ladies came up to me like, 'You are so good!'
The only person I'd cry if I met would be Beyonce.
I've always just wanted people to look at me.
I think my thing is that... I don't know. And that's why I don't wanna sing about 'This is me, this is who I am' because, like, even the question, 'Tell me about yourself' - what are you supposed to say? 'Ooh, I'm a happy girl, but I'm sad, too'? People are so complex.
I have some friends, and they're super-hipster. And they're like, 'All I wanna do is sing in a jazz bar and to just make it to pay for the rent.' And I'm like, 'Cool... That's not what I wanna do. I want as many people as possible to go to my concert.'
A lot of my friends send me Snapchats of when they're in the club, and they're like, 'It's your song!'
In the car on my way to the studio, I was listening to 'Where Are U Now' with Justin Bieber and Jack U, so I was like, 'Wow, this is such a banger.' I loved the thought of having a ballad at the beginning and then just a massive drop.
Literally, when I go to the vocal coach, I'm like, 'You are teaching me nothing.' You know?
People say, 'Oh you're so good, and you're so young!' It's like, 'No. I'm good. Period!'
I would say that the majority of the people I work with are Swedish, very unknown producers and writers but so talented.
I'm still so young, so I feel like people have wanted to keep me in a 'no-makeup' fresh type of look - sometimes artists are a little afraid of really putting the makeup on me.
I love to have a band, but dancers are my priority because I really want a show, you know?
My dream is to have a bed of my own in Los Angeles and one in Sweden.
Sweden will always be my home, since my childhood there was like a fairytale, so I'll always go back to it.
I've always known that singing was some sort of calling for me. It comes naturally.
If it weren't for singing, I don't know what else I would do with myself.
'Never Forget You' was the first song I co-wrote.
Could you imagine being from Siberia? Like, a small part of Russia, where it's like, 'When was the last time Russia was having a super big international pop star in the U.S.?' I don't know, but I can name a few from Sweden. I think that gives us a lot of confidence in being pop stars because we're like, 'Oh, we actually can. We know we can.'
