Jamaican,Musician
I don't have to wait to realize the good old days.
God is like the sun. When the sun shines, it shines for everyone. God is for everyone.
Everyone will someday be judged for what they do, and Jah is the only judge.
Reggae has a philosophy, you know? It's not just entertainment. There's an idea behind it, a way of life behind the music, which is a positive way of life, which is a progressive way of life for better people.
I'm a big reader. My kids love reading, and I think it's important, not just for development but for bonding. You start reading to kids before they can even understand what you're saying to them, so I look at it as a fundamental tool for connection.
Alcohol, tobacco, and pharmaceutical drugs are legal, but they can hurt a lot of people.
My dream is to live a good life and be loving, be close to God and be a good human being and bring peace to people.
When people come to Jamaica, we don't want them to think about the problems of Jamaica. So let them come be in their paradise.
The people who are teaching religion and not teaching love are missing the message.
No matter the bad things that happened in past time, let's try to live the best we can now.
I want to be fulfilled in myself, rather than try to follow exactly in my father's footsteps.
If it is, it is, If it's not, it's not.
Religion has become so many different things. Religion is an economic thing for some people. Religion is a gun.
Today, music is great for entertainment, but it is lacking soul; it's lacking substance, and it's difficult to find good stuff. There are too many corporate interests. It's not about the actual music because it's about the corporation, and music just becomes part of a package.
I believe we are all connected to other people. I am connected to people who are suffering. We all are.
The solution for mankind is of a spiritual nature. It is not a political or religious solution. It's the ability to love each other. That's the only solution I see.
A record is a message, timeless.
Reggae music is not an easy music to like when it comes to the power in society. 'Cause it talks about changing society. You won't find it readily accepted.
I think the people should have a right to boycott whoever they want to boycott without the government making them into criminals and try to protect corporations from people. They should protect people from corporations.
Fitness has always been one of the top priorities in my life because that's the way I grew up, with soccer being the sport of choice.
I love running in nature. I don't like running on the streets, I don't like running in the city, I don't like running on the concrete. I love running in nature, so Jamaica provides a lot of that for me.
Screaming, it's not me. I tried it before! Action is more my thing. Not talking. It's hard for me to have word fights, fighting with words. I'd rather just listen.
I think Americans should have a policy of love. That should be the foreign policy, love. Export Love.
I think it's wrong the way they criminalize herb. There are many more uses than just smoking. Beneficial to mankind.
Jamaica has problems; America has problems; everywhere has problems.
I left Jamaica for a while, because as an artist I need to experience different things, see the world, have different energies. Living in one place is not good for me.
I rented a house, recorded the stuff in a house. Just took my time 'cuz sometimes it's just rush, rush, rush. I just wanna live and play music.
I think my type of personality has all music inside of it, so I am full of music, without even knowing it, without even learning it, without even hearing it.
I used to have this little mouse. I buy birds from the pet store and I let them go.
I would look at a dog and when our eyes met, I realized that the dog and all creatures are my family. They're like you and me.
I'm always in love.
I'm not an American, Do they count the votes in America? I haven't voted in Jamaica either.
I've opened up more by traveling outside Jamaica. It helps me to grow as a person to be outside of my element; to be on my own in a strange place meeting people.
I've tried body surfing. It's nice.
If religion had a good purpose, then man would have created something great. But we're man: we mess up everything. We mess up nature. We mess up God. We take what is given to us and make it into what we think it should be.
In my songs, the sex is all subliminal. It's subliminal, spiritual.
It's that kind of in-born music thing - I could pick up the guitar and play something. It's not something I consciously do.
Last time I was in Jamaica I financed a teacher to teach in an orphanage.
Love is more than one thing.
The more I grow as an artist, the more I think I become like my father as an artist. The more I diversify, the more I become like my father, which is true to who he was.
The music I do is food... that will be your dinner.
The political system is not for the people. The people are secondary to the economy. It's about what generates money, not about what benefits the people.
There's more to life than physical and material.
Working on my own gave me a chance to take my time and experiment a lot.
Yoga is a great thing and meditation is also great to get connected to yourself more.
My father, his spirit is with me constantly, and I'm a believer in that world and the world of dreams and that stuff.
I make music that I know that people will enjoy, and balance the ideas and philosophy that we put in music with music that when we play it live, people can move to it and groove to it.
Proud about my father? What am I most proud of? I think I'm proud of the legacy he left I think is what it is. He has left us so much.
We believe in the almighty and we believe in God and that music is from God and we're inspired by God to give messages and ideas to people.
Everything, I just wanted to be like my father. And, as I grew within the music, I kind of became myself which was even more like my father, only without me trying though.
My father, my Rastafari culture, has a tight link to the Jewish culture. We have a strong connection from when I was a young boy and read the Bible, the Old Testament.
The Rastafari culture has a very strong connection to Haile Selassie, a descendant of King Solomon.
The last thing my father told me was: 'On your way up, take me up. On your way down, don't let me down.' A father telling his son that puts some responsibility on my shoulders. He told me that, and I take it very seriously.
I'm not so much into the beats. I'm more into the spiritual side of the music.
Music is one of the most essential things in life. It is what teaches us.
Nobody owns me or my music.
I've never read one book about my father.
I try to make my music interesting to me first, then hopefully other people will find it interesting, too.
In Jamaica, we eradicated polio many years ago, but there are a lot of kids suffering in Africa still.
I follow the universe; I follow G-d. G-d made the sun, and the sun shines on everyone.
Children are not a burden.
It's very important that we instill some respect for the parents. In America especially, the kids are unruly, screaming at Mommy and Daddy, running the show.
Children are wonderful, and they add to my whole life.
I'm digging Batman. I'm digging that balance, that duality. He's always on the edge and trying to balance himself within the rules of what's lawful and justice, and being Bruce Wayne and being Batman.
The most important thing my father taught me is that every man has to stand up for his rights.
I'd rather be by myself, really, than have, like, a million posse around me.
My father, we bumped heads when I was younger, much younger... I had different ideas that I shared with him. He didn't like them as much. He gets upset or whatever. I guess I had a strong opinion from when I was a little boy.
My father was like the Old Testament. I am the New Testament. I am part of a new generation. In time, people will realize this.
Using political tools to change social conditions won't work.
I've spent a lot of time in America since Sept. 11, 2001. Being here, I was noticing that the people, who in the '60s used to voice their opinions about their rights, are much different today. People are afraid to voice opposition to the government in a mass way.
Growing up, music was an important part of my childhood. I see it being just as important in my children and all children's growth and development, and in a parent's connection with their children.
People have to know there is more to living than physical things.
Success to me does not mean money.
Politics, nature, and what is happening all over the world is important to who we are and where we live.
Kids are an important audience to reach for the future of the planet.
I want people to get over the stigma about hemp. These seeds can't make you high, but they will make you feel good.
I grew up with coconuts as the main flavor in food in Jamaica. It's part of our culture.
The long-term study of GMO foods is going on in real time and in real life. Not in a lab.
If I'm doing a concert, and I'm having a problem with the audience... I just play a Bob Marley song, and I'm good for the rest of the night.
Some of my songs I don't do on tour because they don't work well live.
The sun is always shining. We have oxygen, trees, birds. There's so much good things on Earth, still. We haven't destroyed everything.
I've been in Africa, America, moving around a lot. It's helped me to open up my mind. I was born in Jamaica; I've lived all my life there and got all I could from Jamaica. But I needed to be somewhere else to grow.
Art is always good. It just depends if you like or not.
I never did feel any pressure in Jamaica. You just someone, not nobody big.
Society and the system and politicians don't want people to be aware of things. They want people to believe what they have to show 'em.
I want the people who listen to my music to feel the feeling that I feel, to cry the cry that I cry - justice. I want them to feel in their hearts the need for justice.
The people don't run the system; the people are victims of the system. The people choose the leaders thinking that they will help them. But when they turn around, there is no help.
The revolution will come from the people and the willingness to work towards something better, to fight for a better living.
I'm not a slave to the recording industry. I have the freedom to make an album that I want to make and do it the way I want.
I have found that children are the most open-minded of all my audiences. They are not set in their ways. They are open to ideas.
Children are the world's future, and we need to take care of them like we would any precious resource.
People love me everywhere I go.
It's natural that anyone is compared to their father.
As a viewer, I love watching movies. There has to be an emotional connection.
Running is a part of my medicine. It's what helps relieve my stress, and it's what helps me get away from the concerns of business and anything else that's going on in my life that I need to escape from at times - to find who I am. Running really helps me with that.
I run four times a week. And I don't count miles - I don't do that. I don't care about that. I care about how I feel, and I run according to how I feel.
I'm inspired to do music. I really can't stop unless I stop being inspired.
I don't like to do things for any other reason than it happens spontaneously or there's something that makes it happen naturally. I don't like putting down too many plans and trying to do a strategy to get a certain response or a certain effect.
People treat you according to your energy or what you put out there, so what I put out there is very open. I'm not paranoid or scared, I'm open. That's how I treat people, with respect and speak truthfully.
Music is a unifying force.
I don't believe in other people's ideas. I have my own ideas.
If African countries can unite and pull resources together, then that will be the best thing we could ever do for the problems in Africa including AIDS.
I don't fight creativity. I don't fight against not being creative. If I'm not being creative, I'm not forcing it.
My father loved all different types of music. He wasn't a snob. He wasn't a purist.
Hemp is a part of the cannabis plant, and it is very useful.
I have a satellite radio show called 'The Legends of Reggae.' It's a cool way to branch out and do other things. I'm paying respect to the legends of reggae.
Love is cheering and sharing and compassion and giving and receiving. Love is an action thing more than a word thing, that brings comfort or joy or relief to anyone or anything.
My father's songs don't intimidate me; my father's songs are my songs. My songs are his songs. There's no intimidation.
The idea of who my father is to me is very different than who he is to you, or to the rest of the world.
My father speaks for himself, through his music.
My whole family is spiritual. My grandmother, grand aunt, cousins, they're all preachers and pastors. Spirituality is a part of my family, from generations ago.
I was 12 when my father passed, so I didn't have a father during my teenage years.
My father and I had a really good relationship. We're cool. I am not trying to outdo him or anything like that.
I think parents today are looking for meaningful things for their kid. It's about feeding them something with meaning.
My father's music gives hope to people and also inspires them to break the bonds of injustice and to be positive in life. I've seen that everywhere I go, especially in poor countries and poor neighborhoods.
My best business decision was to be independent as a musician and artist. My worst was compromising on certain aspects of a deal for the sake of other members of my group when I shouldn't have, because I was right in the end.
The African-American community still needs to come together as one and stand up for rights of the people and of what's happening in their culture, their community.
'She Wolf,' by Shakira, makes you want to let go of your inhibitions and jam.
'Master Blaster,' by Stevie Wonder, is up-tempo and fun, like Stevie himself. Stevie's always making jokes; he really knows how to put people at ease. He's one of my inspirations, as a musician and a person.
I don't chase what I hear on the radio. I try not to compete with anybody.
Sometimes my mistakes turn into interesting music because I do things that aren't supposed to be done.
It's hard to say a favorite song of my father's. I listen to all his stuff - a lot of the old stuff before the '70s.
