Indian,Musician
I am jealous of all those people who live on the shore of Dal Lake.
New York is really the place to be; to go to New York, you're going to the center of the world, the lion's den.
My temples are only in India. When I am in India, I go to the religious ceremonies.
The private sector is growing so incredibly in India, in every city you have industries for whom building a concert hall would be nothing financially. But they just don't do it.
I feel growing up in Mumbai is an advantage, as we grow up speaking so many languages that when we go abroad, it becomes easier to learn new languages.
Indian hotels are doing well globally because they understand hospitality.
Rock music is predictable, unless there's great talent involved.
Music is the message of peace, and music only brings peace.
I'm a pucca Indian. Bombay is my home.
I feel that the critic and music director should have such a good relationship they can pick up the phone and call each other any time.
In truth, I became a conductor because deep down I wanted to conduct Brahms's four symphonies and Richard Strauss's tone poems.
My father was a trained accountant, a BCom from Sydenham College and a self-taught violinist. In the 1920s, when he was in his teens, he heard a great violinist, Jascha Heifetz, and he was so inspired listening to him that he bought himself a violin, and with a little help from an Italian teacher, he learned to play it.
Even in music concerts in Mumbai and different parts of the world, seats are reserved for sponsors.
I respect the Indian government for the fact that there are no settlements in Kashmir.
Just imagine, the thousands and thousands of concerts that take place every single day, all over the world. And the positive effect that they would have on the people listening. Now imagine a world without this. This void... it is unthinkable.
I love rap because it talks about pain that comes authentically from the ghetto. It moves me.
I'm hopeful that Israelis can go to Ramallah whenever they want and see how the people are living.
It's hard to find an emblem of cultural, national pride that burns as bright as Israel's success in classical music.
The amount of culture going on in a small country like Israel is amazing.
I miss the standard of the New York Philharmonic's playing very much. It has certainly been a high point in my life.
In Chicago, they die for their teams.
New York for a long time was a kind of conductor's graveyard.
One shouldn't know the future.
Israel is a piece of real estate that neither Jew or Arab will let go of; neither will leave these shores. And so they will have to learn to live together.
Let's try to count the number of Nobel prize-winners that have emerged from scientific centres of excellence like the Weizmann Institute and Haifa's technical university, the Technion. There has to be at least 25.
I just want to play for Hindus and Muslims that sit together. That's all I want to do.
There was an opinion expressed in the newspapers that, after 20 years, maybe the Israel Philharmonic should consider asking me to leave. I thought they might have a point, so I asked my orchestra. They told me overwhelmingly that they wanted me to stay.
I'm really not a party person. I'm in the business of working with 100 people every day, so I don't revel in meeting a roomful of people in my leisure time.
After conducting Wagner, Beethoven's triple concerto is like taking an Alka Seltzer.
The New York Philharmonic is a tremendous opportunity, a great orchestra.
My life is so full of sacrifices.
I've never said, 'I live for art.'
I have a few homes, and Los Angeles is certainly one of them.
There are three orchestras in Munich, all world-quality, in a city of one million. Yet every hall is full.
I am often critical of Israel's policies when in the country, but then feel defensive of them when overseas.
Why does Israel always have to suffer for others to feel bad for it?
As soon as, say, Saddam Hussein started bombing Israel with Scuds, everyone was like, 'Poor Israel.' But when Israel retaliates - and most of the time they then win - people turn against them.
I am always hearing from Israelis, 'Oh, CNN is anti-Israel,' or 'BBC is against us.' But no, they are reporting facts.
We are so indebted to our ancestors, musically speaking, that they have left us 400 years of music.
If you can sing together, you can live together.
I endeavor that all orchestras I conduct sound Central European.
One learns how to change gears within a concert repertoire.
I love to conduct opera.
My family and relatives alone could fill Shanmukhananda Hall in Bombay.
I am an Indian, so I do yoga.
All these people who scream about Kashmir being an armed camp are in fact responsible for keeping it that way.
I knew at university that medicine was just not for me. I saved many lives by not being a doctor!
I've known Pinchas Zukerman since he was a teenager.
Though there is such a rich tradition of culture and arts, I have never been invited to perform at a concert in South India.
I have been to Kashmir many times, especially with my family, in the '70s.
There are certainly talented instrumentalists coming from India. I see them performing all over the world.
In Bombay, we have a fine concert hall. I think it is high time we built venues in Delhi and Calcutta, not only for western music, but also Indian music. It doesn't matter which party is in power; don't you think the capital of India should have a concert hall?
American musicians are very giving - they have the highest standard in the world - but they are also very demanding in their conditions.
I love the creativity of New York, but I don't enjoy the city - I don't like living here.
Critics do their job, and I take their criticism seriously.
The 'New York Times' reviews of my work have been evenly divided - favourable and unfavourable.
There is a school in Israel called Hand in Hand which I support. There Arab and Jewish students study together on a daily basis.
Most Arab Israelis speak Hebrew, but not the other way around. It's about time that changed.
