American,Director
But I'm never gonna get to a point in my life where what it costs to shoot a movie is going to determine what it is. The limits of my imagination is the only thing that's gonna stop me.
That's the thing about making a movie: You never finish editing. They just take it away from you.
With 'New Rose Hotel,' I knew that I was getting paid a $100,000 fee to write, produce, and direct, and that's all I was going to get.
No one can stop me from talking about my movie.
I was raised a Catholic and when you're raised a Catholic they don't teach you to think for yourself. You're taught not to think too deeply about things.
I'm not a big fan of talking about dying. And then I make a movie where I kill everybody.
I'm a lapsed Buddhist like I'm a lapsed Catholic. I take it to a point.
The last day of your life is still going to be a day.
Life is what happens when you're doing other things, right?
I don't care if I get $50 million to do a film.
I don't have a problem with Werner Herzog.
Making money is not gonna change anything about what I am, except I won't answer the door.
I don't know what DVD commentaries are about. I'd like to strangle the person who came up with that concept.
I was born in the Bronx, and then my father moved us to the country at an early age.
I don't care if I get $50m to do a film.
My existence is about making movies, so I've just got to rock and roll with the punches. You want to make movies on telephones, I'm there.
Mulberry Street was the beating heart of the Italian-American experience, but you don't find those gangsters now. I live with a bunch of yuppies and models.
My life is proof that I don't need you to do what I do. If there's no one to see it, I'll watch it.
Where I come from you're not raised to think on your own. It's not that you're pushed to read the Bible. The Bible is read to you.
I live with a bunch of yuppies and models.
In the film business, it's basically honor among thieves.
I come from a world where you get the film done, that's a success.
I grew up in the '60s, which was a creative time, so it wasn't that big of a stretch to go from a baseball bat to a guitar to a film camera.
I'm about my characters.
Certain actors wanna get paid, they think working in a low-budget movie is being ripped off. But for others it's like, 'Yes, let's do it.'
As barbaric is we are, it's a miracle we haven't blown ourselves off the face of the earth so far.
