Chinese,Director
When there is a strong woman character in a story - that always grabs me.
I think the American West really attracts me because it's romantic. The desert, the empty space, the drama.
Making movies is a way of understanding myself and the world.
There's a level of sophistication of filmmaking that's mind-boggling. Anything you need for your movie, there's an establishment that can make it happen really fast.
I have a lot of repression. So repression is what I make movies about.
The woman's perspective is like the dark side of the moon: it always exists, but it is never exposed, at least not in my culture.
I was very quiet, very shy and docile.
The father figure is something I love, but also suffocate from and want to work against.
I have two sons in America, and all they care about in Chinese culture is Jackie Chan and Jet Li.
Kids don't even read comic books anymore. They've got more important things to do - like video games.
I feel that everyone has a Hulk inside, and each of our Hulks is both scary and, potentially, pleasurable. That's the scariest thing about them.
Americans are hidden dragons to me.
The source of all the material comes from nothingness, illusion is working more on things you can prove. That's the principle, the essence of life, it is actually an illusion, not immaterial. That's worth pursuing. So illusion is not nothing. In a way, that is the truth.
The thing we call critics are not really reviewers, they are not really critics. They don't have the discipline to write what we would term as critique - it's really just reviewers. They have a common man kind of taste. If you watch them overall, they are not different from the box-office. That's my view.
So many times you see beautiful lovemaking scenes with a lot of exposure or an awkward lovemaking scene, but I think it's very rare that you see it private.
I did a women's movie, and I'm not a woman. I did a gay movie, and I'm not gay. I learned as I went along.
When I see something I like, that's all that counts. What they use, how they get there, I never bother them.
Sometimes films ignore other points of view because it's simpler to tell the story that way, but the more genuine and sympathetic you are to different points of view and situations, the more real the story is.
I try to please everyone.
No matter how widely spread out the films are, how different, you still are you.
I hate to think life is just facts and laws.
I think life without spirit is in the dark, it is absurd.
When I grew up, in Taiwan, the Korean War was seen as a good war, where America protected Asia. It was sort of an extension of World War II. And it was, of course, the peak of the Cold War. People in Taiwan were generally proAmerican. The Korean War made Japan. And then the Vietnam War made Taiwan. There is some truth to that.
Sometimes, you have to get angry to get things done.
You become the movie you are making.
I'm not macho, I'm not a Mel Gibson sort of person.
I look at American movies, the big muscles, and try to apply that to Chinese film-making.
I don't like to deal with studios.
For a filmmaker, it's a rare chance to do a personal film on a big canvas.
I don't think the Hulk is a superhero. He's the first Marvel character who is a tragic monster. Really an anti-hero.
I'm a big boy now, and I have to deliver.
I grew up pretty peacefully, in that Eastern way. You easily solve problems, believe in harmony. Reduce conflicts, take orders until one day you give orders.
I feel like all of my characters now take this congested situation, they clash, and from there you purge yourself.
If there's something that can be formulated, regulated, give you security, then nobody would lose money. Every movie would be successful. And that's certainly not the case.
I do like challenge.
I'm a storyteller.
I think I can work with any type of actor.
I am not particularly religious. But I think we do face the question of where God is, why we are created and where does life go, why we exist. That sort of thing. And it is very hard to talk about it these days, because it cannot be proven. It is hard to discuss it rationally.
These days I'm mostly familiar with two parts of L.A.: one is movie culture, and the other is Asian culture. The Westside is work, and the Eastside is Chinese - which means my friends.
The L.A. weather is a lot like Taiwan's, where you don't observe four seasons, so the years can pass and you don't feel a thing.
I guess in Hollywood you chart your life by Oscars. You say to each other, 'Remember when that movie won that year? It was 2006. Remember that?'
My father was the center of the family, and everyone tried to please him.
As artists, we like night more than day sometimes.
Emotions serve characters' purposes. That is their motivation.
There's only one movie in my career I've had regrets with cutting it shorter, and I think some scenes maybe I shouldn't have cut.
3D is quite a lot more advanced in animated movies; for live-action movies we're just taking baby steps, we're just in the beginning.
I hope people don't compare 2D and 3D because 3D's new, it's unfair to compare to 2D which is really sophisticated, even when we're jaded about it. 3D just began, give it a chance, let the equipment and projection system catch up and be better, let the price go down, let more filmmakers get a hold of it more easily.
I think I prefer 3D to 2D now.
I'm not a romantic. In life I didn't have much experience with romance.
I'm such a late bloomer.
Every movie is unknown.
My mother loves me and everything goes well. I have no conflict with her, so that's not dramatic.
A movie is really provocation. It's not a message, it's not a statement.
I'm a shy human being.
I'm just a pretty regular dad.
I'm a drifter and an outsider. There's not one single environment I can totally belong to.
My cultural roots are something illusive.
I'm aware of what's missing from my life.
What is really a stretch to me is to make quick decisions.
It's not a pleasure torturing actors, although some of them enjoy it.
Some actors give you what you want. Some you have to make do what you want.
I think a lot of people do big movies not because they are talented artists but because they can function in the circumstances.
When I'm not working, I get very down, but when I am working, I get very immersed in it.
Thinking back to those earlier days, I felt I was weak when I wasn't making movies, and then when I was, I thought I was weak as a family member.
Many times when you make a movie, it feels like your biggest mistake. But even if a film isn't a hit, you shouldn't view it as a mistake.
For six years, from 1985 to 1991, I felt pretty weak and useless.
I'm not a master of films, I'm rather a slave.
When something possesses me, I go ahead and do it.
Fighting for identity is something that is very much in my life.
I think that at heart I am an old-fashioned Chinese, really I am.
I find it hard to deliver straightforward things.
I don't have a superpower.
Sensitivity and money are like parallel lines. They don't meet.
I'm actually living my life with the material I choose to work with.
I don't have incredible knowledge about films or of filmmaking history; I'm not that kind of person.
You can get rich or famous by doing the same thing.
I'm still a novice student.
Over the years Woodstock got glorified and romanticised and became the event that symbolised Utopia. It's the last page of our collective memory of the age of innocence. Then things turned ugly and would never be the same again.
After making several tragic movies in a row, I was looking to do a comedy, and one without cynicism.
I like to think I'm un-categorisable.
I grew up pretty much prevented from knowing anything from Communist China except that they were the bad guys that stole our country.
I don't care about writing really.
When I started out, nobody gave me scripts, so I had to write.
Economically, it's more expensive to make movies. I hope digital movies change that.
My hometown was one of the major U.S. Air Force bases.
Film study was considered disgraceful by my father.
Summer blockbusters are very expensive to make. They have things that have to be expensive, such as 600 effects shots or CG characters that have to go a certain way, or a film design that is different but expensive.
The fear factor actually brings the genuineness.
Everyone in the gay community doesn't think alike.
I don't know if I make the best gay films.
I think great romance needs great obstacles and textures.
I had to test a new terror in myself.
I had to find my way of translating the excitement you get when you're reading comic books to the big screen.
In my culture, there's a tradition that when you're in an overwhelming situation and you don't know what to do, you put yourself in a woman's shoes.
I'm quite lazy.
