American,Director
Kinsey was six foot five, and he had this leader of men quality.
I wanted to make connections between Whale's past and present.
I do think that's so much a part of what being a director is - in working with actors - to really try and be sensitive to what each actor needs to get to where he wants to be.
I'm a horrible public speaker.
It is interesting to be here and to see that for certain actors they have to live in a way that you think of nobody living anymore except for in small towns. They have such elaborate double lives.
We knew that there was a certain kind of interest in Whale among a genre crowd.
Kinsey would identify himself with Galileo in moments of feelings of persecution.
When it comes to two of the big social earthquakes in the last fifty years - which are the gay movement and the women's movement - I think there is a direct line from Kinsey to those.
Kinsey kick started a lot in shocking people with how much homosexual activity there is.
One of the people that became a major source was Clarence Tripp who worked with Kinsey.
And Kinsey thought that anybody who defined themselves based on their sexual acts was limiting themselves.
Because his basic idea that he got from the study of gall wasps is that everyone's sexuality is unique.
Kinsey thought that Freud in his own way was as dangerous as the Catholic Church.
I know a little more about Kinsey than I know about sex because that is his subject not mine.
Kinsey himself collected absolutely everything.
It's an odd thing to go to New York to shoot a movie that is set in Indiana.
I think it would be fun to write about movies again.
I really think the biopic thing so rarely works, because people's lives don't have a dramatic shape that can be satisfying.
There's no question that Whale's movies are classics. They were wonderful, and successful.
First of all, just knowing people who grew up in the movie business at that time, no one had Mexican maids.
In Hollywood through the 50s, there were black, English, and Middle European housekeepers and maids.
Actually, I loved Chucky. It's one of the strangest movies I've ever seen.
I think that finding a way into somebody's life that's sort of off from a side angle can tell you more about that person than a greatest hits approach.
We made connections between the monsters created by war and the monsters he created, the typical outcast that Whale was attracted to, and the monster in himself, that's inside all of us.
While that wasn't first and foremost in my mind, you can't get into this without being struck, on one side, by how far we've come, and then the other side, by how little things have changed.
Kinsey was trying to study sex scientifically, get rid of the overlay of culture and religion.
