American,Director
I fear God and respect God and love God.
Having love in your heart doesn't count for much if what comes out of your mouth is ugly and bigoted.
When I do short films, I try to do something completely out of my comfort zone, out of my element.
Woody Allen is in his '70s and he's making movies, so I look forward to getting there.
Everyone who knows me knows that I don't have a prejudiced bone in my body.
'Vacation' means titillating my taste buds.
Movies are the biggest export in the world, the biggest American export. It influences people all over the world.
I love movie directors. I don't care who it is.
At the end of the day, audiences just want to laugh and be entertained. They want to escape from their reality, and that's why we make movies, to get people to escape from the realities.
Listening is harder than just acting. Listening is the hardest part.
I never dreamed I would be producing the Oscars. That was a huge deal for me.
When I was 13, Eddie Murphy was to me what Chris Tucker was to 13-year-olds when I made 'Rush Hour.' And 'Rush Hour' really came out of the fact that I grew up watching 'Beverly Hills Cop' and '48 Hrs.'
I love 'Guitar Hero,' and I think it's a part of pop culture.
In this day and age, you need a lot of patience if you are in the movie business.
People can criticise all day long, I think I've proven myself, I think I deliver. And I agree, box office does not mean a movie's good, but I feel like I'm making good movies and I'm delivering in box office.
Do I have a small movie in me? Yeah, probably, when I'm 60. But I'm not Hal Ashby, I'm not Roman Polanski. I'm true to myself. Whether you like it or not.
I'm constantly being visually stimulated.
I hate the iPhone. I love the BlackBerry - BlackBerry wins in my opinion. The iPhone is a toy.
I'm definitely not a nerd.
I would love a robot butler.
I got a Super 8 camera when I was eight years old, and I just wanted to tell stories - I love telling stories.
I learn more from the audience than I can from anybody else. Not from what they write on the scorecards, but how they respond to the movie while they're watching it - where they laugh and where they react.
I don't have any regrets.
I've watched 'Being There' over 50 times, and every time I watch it, I love every frame. I just wish I had directed it myself.
My mom had me when she was 16, and I was an only child, which is probably why I received a lot of love and didn't miss that my father wasn't around.
Miami Beach - that's where I grew up, in a middle-class Jewish family led by my maternal grandfather. Me, my great-grandmother - a Holocaust survivor, who was my roommate - my grandparents, my mom and her brother all shared a four-bedroom house.
