American,Director
Ideas are cheap. Ideas are easy. Ideas are common. Everybody has ideas. Ideas are highly, highly overvalued. Execution is all that matters.
Persistence and endurance will make you omnipotent.
I am so disappointed in Apple. I don't even use an iPhone anymore. Their marketing sucks. It's embarrassing. It's just garbage.
I was in New York City for September 11th, and I was there for the 2003 blackout. I think in hindsight, you get a real perspective as to how unique those moments of crisis are in a place like New York City.
I actively pursue experiences that are unlike any others that I've experienced and cultures that I don't know and unfamiliar places and unfamiliar history and things like that.
I love seeing the way in which young people embrace video, and the YouTube vlogger is a fantastic phenomenon.
I washed dishes so I could make movies. it was never a way for me to make money.
I've always been an incredibly physically capable human being. I've always had good control of my body, walk a hundred feet on my hands, jump off rock wall and do a back flip into the sand. That's always been who I am.
I'm not able to make amazingly perfect, precious pieces of content, but I get to make awesome spontaneous content that's frequently ephemeral.
I run 50-70 miles a week and lift five or six days. It's my time.
I don't send and receive messages on Snapchat; I never have. Stories is the only feature I use. I think of them becoming a more dynamic social network, and I think it's great.
I have 60-plus videos on YouTube and over 30 million views. Of those 60, only three or four are branded videos. I built that audience by telling stories the way I like to tell them.
If I'm in the stands at a U2 concert watching Bono, how can I capture this moment without interrupting it and making it fake?
Almost everything looks the same at art fairs - very hygienic, very white, lots of right angles.
As a director, I have the greatest job in the world, but if I don't push the boundaries, then what's the point of having it?
Truth is so much more interesting than the fiction we're used to.
The idea that somebody would go to my YouTube channel and want to watch movies and then be subjected to some terrible car commercial - I don't like that.
I won't hire someone or date a girl who has not worked in a restaurant, and that's the honest truth. I don't think you know how it is until you've worked in a restaurant.
One of my first questions when I interview prospective employees is, 'Do you know how big a sheet of plywood is?' Most people don't, and say they are different sizes, but it's 4' x 8'. Anyway, working with your hands is a very American thing that we kinda lost here, but it's an important skill to have.
I always thought of myself as an amateur stunt man.
I think you should dress nicely for airports. You're surrounded by people coming from all walks of life. You should look your best.
As a viewer, I care about people, I care about characters, I care about perspective.
I work in both very strict conditions and very loose, more open-minded conditions in advertising, and Nike is by far the most open-minded of all.
I don't know of a more noble, a bigger deal as a filmmaker than to be a YouTube filmmaker.
The reason why I'm sending my super-intellectual 12-year old kid to tech school is because I don't believe he would succeed in this world unless he first learned to work with his hands.
For all the marathons I've run, including the Ironmans that I've run, immediately after the race, I clean myself up, do whatever I need to do to make sure I'm okay, and I get right back out there, and I cheer people on. Because it's the people who come in late in the race I find most inspiring.
