American,Director
I think at any age, you can stay open and creative and excited.
A great screenplay makes everybody step up to the bar and deliver.
There's so many versions of 'Red Riding Hood.' It goes back 700 years.
Back in medieval times, Victorian repression hadn't come in yet. People were bawdy and wild and more in touch with their true natures. If you look at the Bosch paintings or Bruegel, you see, when people are dancing, they're totally cutting loose.
Nowadays, to get a movie greenlit, you have to make an incredible effort.
When I read the 'Twilight' book, I didn't see it as fantasy. I saw it as a love story.
My first movie, 'Thirteen,' and it was very real - almost too real. It was very gritty, with raw human emotion. I'd love to do something like that again.
I was always trying to do architectural jam sessions. But it's not quite as easy as singing or playing a guitar, so I would always see wonderful live musicians and just envy them that I wasn't in that medium.
You don't pay the same price for a Ferrari as you do for a Honda Accord. But for some reason, for movie tickets, you're asked to pay the same price for 'Avatar' as you are for some $2 million movie, which is kind of a weird thing when you think about it.
I still like the idea of having an intimate experience with a movie, but I love watching stuff on my iPad. It's close, and I feel like I'm a part of it, so maybe that makes more sense in some cases.
As a filmmaker and film student, I think it's really interesting to hear what a director did and how they figured out how to do things.
When I talk to film students, I always say, 'Buy the DVDs and listen to the commentaries, look at the making of, look at the behind-the-scenes,' because that's such a great learning tool.
Sometimes, you don't realize that something is actually a sidetrack for the story, or it takes the tension out of a scene.
As a director, you've got to have quite a few projects going because you never know which one will actually come together with the financing and get the green light.
Starting with 'Thirteen,' my known technique is to cast the lead, then find someone with whom they have incredible chemistry.
I try to learn on each project, try to really feel what the characters are feeling.
I don't like to watch a movie where it's just kind of like all one note, dee-dee-dee-dee. I want spikes of adrenaline and highs and lows and exciting tension release.
Obviously, 'Twilight' had its own alchemy that was amazing, just phenomenal. Nobody thought it was going to make any money. Paramount wouldn't make the movie. Fox wouldn't make it. Nobody wanted to do it.
Every filmmaker's just going to keep trying to make it the best you can make it: make it as potent and interesting and entertaining and exciting and tough and sexy as you can.
For a film, when you condense, you don't want to keep going back to the same setting over and over.
I respect all the teenagers I work with and feel that everything they have to say is just as valuable as anything I have to say.
We can learn from everybody.
I hope I haven't grown up. The cliche for all artists is that you don't want to lose that child inside. I think when you get sedentary and set in your ways, you can lose a lot of that spontaneity and creativity. I hope I'm holding on to that.
I'll literally pay three Hollywood readers who don't know me to read my scripts under the radar and give cold comments. And at the early screenings of my movies, I'll hand out questionnaires that can be filled out anonymously so people can be brutally honest because, to your face, they won't be.
There are some moments where you're so depressed, you cannot see the way, and you're like, 'Whatever. Bite me.' I think all directors feel that way sometimes.
You don't watch 'A Beautiful Mind' and say, 'This is how every mathematician is.'
As you study vampire legend throughout history, it goes back to almost every culture. South Africa, Indonesia, crazy places have that legend and that idea of immortality.
Some directors I worked with didn't even know how to read a blueprint, understand a plan.
Sheep are just psychotic.
I have a bunch of movies that are, like, two minutes from being green-lit, or that they've maybe even told me are green-lit. But I never believe it until I see the money.
Stephenie Meyer said she's ready to move on from 'Twilight,' but you never know.
Before 'Twilight' was greenlit, I had four projects at four studios. I worked super-hard on all of them, but 'Twilight' was greenlit first.
Can you have it all, as a woman? Can you be a creative artist and have stability and a home life? How much can you stretch yourself as an artist?
When you're in a creative flow with somebody - and I had this back in architecture school - you're just so passionate about what you're doing, and if that other person is just as passionate, you'll be madly in love with them. It's just that thrill of creating.
People are nervous about their kids, and they're worried about the disintegration of families and the type of media culture they're living in.
