American,Director
I am not interested in telling you what to think. My job is to show you what I think. Period.
While I was a voracious movie-goer as a boy, I never put writing and films together in my mind.
I was writing from the time I was 12 years old, but I originally wanted to be a novelist.
I honestly never wanted to direct. It was only when I started to work on 'Alexander the Great' that I realized I had to direct. I saw something so specifically in my mind, I could not leave it to someone else.
Directing has completely changed the way I write and watch films.
Directing my own writing, I see that I talk way too much, and everything can happen much sooner, with much less said about it.
I believe that as a writer and a director, you're only providing the skeleton of a character, and you're hiring actors to fill it out.
When you've written a film and directed it and it comes out exactly as you imagined it, it's pretty boring.
I've rewritten other films and watched my writing be mutilated, but luckily, it's been mutilated anonymously.
I've always been fascinated with Navy SEALs in general and their role in Afghanistan in particular.
Scripts don't get movies made.
What makes a movie now is a package, a brand, a remake or some preexisting material.
For everything you give an audience, you always have to take one thing away. They always have to pay for the story.
The one thing that frustrates me more than anything else is that no studio has ever told me to tone down violence. They only ask you to make it more presentable.
I'm saying, let's learn to reacquire a respect for the power of guns. This culture is so indifferent and disrespectful of guns that we should be terrified.
There is no 'Top Gun 2' in which Maverick is not the starring role.
With 'Rubicon,' Mark Long and Dan Capel have created the perfect environment for an intense action franchise.
When you're making a film, you don't really have time to consider what the whole of your film is. And then, when you're releasing your film and promoting your film, you're looking at it in a different way. Then, as you move away from it, you start to look at it objectively and think, 'What could I have done better?'
A lot of books, if you take them at face value, they're just not gonna work as films.
To me, the ultimate crime in an adaptation is the crime of reverence. A novel is one form of media, a screenplay is another, and a movie is yet another. There's even reverence to a screenplay.
Look: the day I've made a movie that I think is really good, I hope I say it out loud so somebody can say, 'Then you probably made the worst movie of your entire career.'
The way I like to describe Hollywood today is this: everyone wants to make 'Deliverance,' but no one wants to be Ned Beatty.
Knowledge is death in my experience. The more I know about film, the harder it is to create freely.
Success is never bad in Hollywood. It is what you do with success that will dog you.
My films do very well on home video.
Ideally, I'd like to have a movie that people like and makes money.
