American,Director
Low expectations is the key to happiness in life.
With a bucket of Lego, you can tell any story. You can build an airplane or a dragon or a pirate ship - it's whatever you can imagine.
Animation is just another way of telling a story.
What's really cool about LEGOs is that you can put a bunch of bricks on the table, and everybody will make something different. Everyone has different ideas, and some of them may seem crazy.
Animation is awesome because there's a really bold type of comedy you can get away with that you couldn't get away with in live action: a broader, campier style.
The medium is less important than the story we're trying to tell and the funniest way to tell it.
TV shows are built on relationships, and it seemed kind of odd to make a show without any relationships in it.
If you tried to make a 'Game of Thrones' movie, you'd have to eliminate two-thirds of the characters, and there'd have to be one storyline, but on TV, you can really get to know the characters in a way that there just isn't time to do in a movie.
It would be nice at some point to do something that people expect to be good. Although then with high expectations come a lot more pressure.
I always feel like the hammer's going down right around the corner, and I think that level of constant anxiety is what keeps us from getting too lazy.
I really wish I could play the piano really well without having to practice.
I like superhero films, and I love Star Wars movies, but I want to make sure there's a wide diaspora of films getting made.
My son is the voice of 'The Lego Movie''s Duplo alien.
Sequels are hard.
You need to come up with a reason to make a movie, separate from the commercial side.
Sometimes, comedy feels like the kid brother of drama, trying to get attention by being the class jokester. But it's actually really hard to tell a story while also making people laugh. It's like trying to do two jobs at once.
We just try to find stories that are interesting to us.
There's something that's delightful about things getting bigger and more over-the-top. Sometimes it's empty, and other times, it's just fun.
When I was a kid on the playground, fights were about who got to play Han Solo. He's just one of the best characters ever created.
Charlie Day is a delight of a human being.
'South Park' movie was R. There's a place that people are not occupying, thinking that animated has to be family always, and I don't think that's true.
All of everything we've ever done has been riding on low expectations. 'Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs,' a terrible idea. Doing '21 Jump Street' as a movie is a terrible idea. 'The Lego Movie' sounds like a terrible idea.
'The Lego Movie' did better than we could possibly have imagined. We were very nervous that people would discount it because it is called 'The Lego Movie.'
'Dawn Of The Planet Of The Apes' was really well done.
That was the political reality of 1987: Saxophones made you cool. That's real! That really happened in our society!
It's hard to make a movie that is both funny and emotional, that has something to say and is clear to the audience.
