Canadian,Director
Knowing your HIV status is so important for your future health and that of your loved ones.
People go forward in life. Bitterness and grudges and resentments only poison it.
Out of ignorance and fear comes judgment and division.
In strictly medical terms, there's no difference between HIV and diabetes; they're not curable, but they're very, very highly treatable, and early information is power. The only thing - literally the only thing - that is different is the stigma. And we have to overcome it, because it is now the only reason people are dying.
I'm a great pop culture lover, and I'm not a snob.
I had a lot of failed relationships, a lot of unhappiness, a lot of shame and embarrassment, bad self-image stuff.
We have a lot of great lesbian role models in tennis. I mean, Martina Navratilova in her heyday was probably the greatest female athlete on the planet. Martina just kept breaking every rule. That's a great role model.
I love diamond jewellery on men, and pocket scarves, cravats, cufflinks. The trick is to throw it together so it's natural and not contrived. That's real style.
I came from a happy family with loving parents, so my associations with marriage and children were all happy, positive things that brought me comfort as a child, which I wanted in my life.
If you look at 'Gnomeo & Juliet,' the movie's message essentially says it doesn't matter if you're a 'red' or a 'blue': at the end of the day, parents should love their children and want what's best for them.
I think people get fearful of things they don't know or understand.
I'm always very proud when people ask me about being a Canadian.
I haven't done much art shopping in Vegas. It tends to be from galleries that are London- or L.A.- or New York-based. We've never had someone standing over our shoulder telling us something is a good investment.
I gravitate toward contemporary art. I love great paintings, sculpture, photography, some video art.
A good art collection is emblematic of the people collecting it.
I like Madonna's music but not her movies. She should stick to what she is good at.
Fear and ignorance fuel so much homophobia.
Kids will often see something different and feel insecure about it because they don't understand it.
I'd spent my twenties trying to be everything to everybody. I had my family, my straight friends, and I was starting to develop a gay circle of friends. I was seeing some men, seeing some women, and trying to sort it all out.
My parents have been married for 50-plus years, and I wanted to have what they had.
We all live by example.
We absolutely need more role models. I think we need more people to come forward and be proud of who they are.
Unfortunately, celebrity is a powerful thing. It can influence people, but if it can influence people in a good way, then that's a great thing.
If we can make HIV testing a normal part of looking after your health, we can truly envisage an AIDs-free future in the U.K.
It's interesting how Rod Stewart can father a child at 65, and a straight, single footballer named Cristiano Ronaldo can arrange to have a surrogate have a baby, and neither of them receives any criticism.
I was definitely teased and bullied in my junior school.
