American,Director
Natural disasters are terrifying - that loss of control, this feeling that something is just going to randomly end your life for absolutely no reason is terrifying. But, what scares me is the human reaction to it and how people behave when the rules of civility and society are obliterated.
Horror movies are the best date movies. There's no wondering, 'When do I put my arm around her?'
You know, the best thing you can say about a horror film is, 'Don't see it.'
There's fear in everything, but we can't just succumb to that. We have to suppress it, so we get used to suppressing fear to make it through the our day. Otherwise, we'd become paralyzed by them.
Look at comic books. It used to be something that only geeks were into. And now it's everywhere.
Las Vegas is a 24-hour city. It never stops.
Much of my youth was spent in the parking lot or inside a Dunkin' Donuts.
I have so many different projects, I hear voices in my head - the characters talking all at once - and I have to write to make them stop.
Anytime you're the first to speak out against something, there's going to be a backlash.
Everyone is so terrified of being labeled a racist.
Twitter is wonderful. You can kill rumours instantly.
I've always been fascinated by the idea that there's no such thing as evil; it's all in your point of view. To one group a suicide bomber is the antichrist and to one he's a hero.
'Cabin Fever' was very much inspired by 'The Thing.' It's really a perfect guy's horror movie: There's no love story, it's just straight-up horror. And it's so well-done. It moves at a slow pace, but it's really terrific.
'Eraserhead' is a weird, horrible nightmare, and it doesn't narratively make sense. Stuff's happening, but you honestly feel like you're in a nightmare, and it has such disturbing imagery that it stays with you forever once you've seen it.
Even post-WWII, nobody talked about the Holocaust. It wasn't until the '50s that people started talking about it.
When you make a film for a million and a half dollars and it opens at 20 million, the next question out of everyone's mouth is, 'When's the next one, when's the next one, when's the next one?'
I would love to do a musical!
I love movies. I mean, I really, really love movies.
Horror audiences don't need to see some TV actor they're familiar with.
I get a little too obsessive with work.
I need to eliminate 'like' from my vocabulary. I begin sentences with, 'That's seriously like... ' I hear myself talking in this Los Angeles high-school student kind of way, and I hate it.
I've always dreamed of having a year-round haunted house.
There's a crazy, false notion that audiences are not patient or will not watch a story, that you have to put in a scare every ten minutes. But I always thought that was insane.
It's just assumed that a horror sequel is going to be bad. It's never going to be as good as the first one.
Once I got over the fear of writing female characters, it actually came quite easily and I was really happy with it. I just thought about girls I knew really, really well and I'd just have conversations with them and tried to relay how they talk about certain things.
I want people to see my name on a movie, pay money and know they're going to be entertained for 90 minutes.
Movie stars need to retain some of that mystique if you are a big movie star.
As a director, you have to know what actors are doing. You're the one telling them what to do. The actors' job is to come prepared to the set, but sometimes, if they're beginning actors or people who are non-actors, you have to teach them how to act.
I'm not interested in going after a part. I think if someone wants me for a part and approaches me then I'll take it on a case-by-case basis and see what that part is.
I love movies that are just straight-up exploitation, but the ones that endure and the ones that last are the ones where the filmmakers put in that extra level of thought; after 25 years you put them on in front of an audience, and they'll respond to it and enjoy it.
People want to be disturbed when they go see a horror movie.
I think you should make movies as long as the story dictates.
What I've always thought I would do is make a bunch of movies and then stop to teach for awhile. And then just teach at film schools - you know, teach children.
Believe it or not, but I was a camp councilor for three years. I love kids.
I think in life we get very caught up in the minutia and, unfortunately, it generally takes some sort of tragedy in your life to put things in perspective.
Life is a series of avoiding horrible situations until ultimately you're dead. That's how I feel about things.
'Troll 2' is one of the rare sequels where you don't have to waste time watching the first one, since the films have absolutely nothing to do with one another.
When I was 22, I had this horrible psoriasis outbreak. It was all over my legs, I couldn't walk because my legs were cracked and bleeding. Weird things like that can happen to your body.
I can think of endless horrible things to do to people!
The scariest people are usually the sweetest.
My phobias worsen as I get older. I'm scared of flying, driving. I'm terrified of sharks. I'm a germaphobe. But I try to face my fears; I do. Well, most of them.
I have control issues. For sure, no question.
As a kid, I was the neighbourhood baby-sitter - very responsible, always in charge.
It's very flattering to feel like you actually helped create a sub-genre.
I think horror should never be safe, whether it's violent or non violent.
When you're making a television show, it's about the story and arc of the show rather than any particular episode or director.
The film, 'Aftershock,' for me is really about how the minor problems in life that we think are so major ultimately mean nothing when a tragedy happens, when a real problem happens.
The one negative to horror is that it's always law of diminishing returns. When you go in the funhouse, the ride is never scary the second time. You will never have that pure experience as when you first watch it.
A comedy can actually get funnier and funnier. Even though you know the joke, you enjoy it so much, it's the facial expression, you laugh. The laugh doesn't wear off. It could be with you for thirty years.
I have the infinite galaxy from '2001' as my screensaver - so if I space out while I'm writing and it goes to screensaver, I can just stare off into the stars.
I have no tattoos. There's nothing I've even been that into to get a tattoo of it.
One of the great joys of life, now that you can afford a nice suit, is getting one for free. That's why I like to do press tours - I always say making movies is just an excuse to get free clothing.
When someone throws up while watching one of your movies, it's like a standing ovation.
If someone gets up and walks out of the movie, it means it's really affected them.
I think filmmakers, in general... There are some awesome, really great filmmakers - but on the whole, filmmakers, actors, I think they are the biggest bunch of whiny, over-paid babies on the planet.
I saw 'Alien' when I was 8 years old. To me, it was like a combination of Jaws and Star Wars, and that's the movie that made me want to be a director.
Lucio Fulci is such a massively underrated director. Everyone knows him as the Godfather of Gore.
'Beatrice Cenci' was an amazing film. If it were released today it'd win Best Picture. It's so well done, it's so contemporary, and the filmmaking is so smart.
Possession and exorcism is something that's in every religion and every culture. It's a real primal fear: Is the body a vessel for our spirits? What happens if something else takes over it? Where does the spirit go?
For a long time, I had a crazy girl dating habit.
When people direct insults at me, I can take it.
I have a strong art-history background.
