American,Director
What's interesting to me is the distinction between my old life and my present life.
For me, every film is actually a form of documentary.
I got into filmmaking in order to tell very personal stories, and in this day and age, the opportunity seems all the more precious.
There's a lot of things lost in the Digital Age.
Fighting bitterness can be a full-time job.
New York grabbed me too hard, as did adulthood.
Most simply but profoundly, I chose to live an honest life, which I think as a gay person is not a given.
All of my films have been autobiographical - it's all I've got to go on.
Capturing intimacy is pretty much the only thing I'm interested in. That's what excites me and what I find beautiful in movies personally - that almost obscene sense that we shouldn't be this close to these people. I find that very inviting and meaningful as an audience member.
I've been hiding crucial events in my life since I was 13.
I'm not interested in a film about deceit anymore. I think I was always invested in deceit on some level. But it no longer compels me the way it did for so many years.
I always think of my films within the context of where aesthetics meet economics. That's the nature of making art - not being naive about what is possible and getting what you need to tell the story you want to tell.
I've always been interested in how the individual comes to know and accept him or herself, which I think has been hard for me.
As a gay person, my life has been marginalized.
Everything encourages you not to tell stories of gay lives. There is no economy yet for that kind of cinema.
As independent filmmakers, we are actually deeply dependent on each other. The Spirit Awards are a public expression of those bonds, the intricate set of relationships and histories that we filmmakers depend on to make our most personal work.
You can only begin to share life well when you think well of yourself.
Without community events like NewFest, I don't think we'd have a queer cinema in America.
My films might have been queer - because I was - but they were not gay.
Being an artist is in part an act of rupture.
I could not - and I still cannot - see a sustainable career as a filmmaker in which I focus fully on our gay stories.
I came to N.Y.C. in 1988 and got very involved with Act Up. I also started making movies, including two very gay shorts, 'Vaudeville' and 'Lady.' It was the height of the AIDS epidemic, and New York City was both dying and very alive at the same time.
I grew up in the 1960s in Memphis, and my father was a member of the American Civil Liberties Union. I was born three years before Martin Luther King was killed, and I think that history of civil action was something that I had in my blood.
Music Box has proven itself in a few short years to be a cutting edge distributor with a sophisticated understanding of both the market and cinema.
Intimacy is something to be cherished, and intimacy is not something to be afraid of.
I grew up thinking there was something called 'independent film,' which I wouldn't necessarily have had access to if there wasn't Sundance.
I started making movies in the early '90s, a few years after I discovered 'the cinema' during a three month stay in Paris during which I watched 100s of films.
Secrets make for good drama, and revealing the hidden truths and contradictions of life is, for me, one of the most exciting aspects of making movies.
I always hope that people feel less alone when they see a movie that I make. That some part of the story played out on the big screen will resonate for individuals in the audience in a way that gives them comfort.
Every time you make a film, you create a world. You make decisions about sets and costumes, and you create a universe connected to reality, but not reality itself.
Suspense films are often based on communication problems, and that affects all of the plot points. It almost gives it kind of a fable feeling.
Movies are romantic fantasies.
As I've gotten less righteous, less pedagogic, I have become more loving of the artificiality, the art form, the imitation of life in film.
My father moved out to Park City in in the mid-'70s and lived in a Winnebago behind a hippie joint called Utah Coal & Lumber that was one of only two or three restaurants at that time. Park City was a sleepy little mining town, with not a condo in sight.
I remember being a teenager and seeing Seymour Cassel across a crowded room and being incredibly star struck, and not having the courage to say, 'Hello.'
I conveniently was not accepted to film school, which I applied to in 1987, and so I decided I would become a filmmaker instead of a student.
