American,Director
What's a bigger mystery box than a movie theater? You go to the theater, you're just so excited to see anything - the moment the lights go down is often the best part.
I try to push ideas away, and the ones that will not leave me alone are the ones that ultimately end up happening.
You never want to have that ticking clock and know that you had all this time and didn't use it.
When you work on something that combines both the spectacular and the relatable, the hyperreal and the real, it suddenly can become supernatural. The hypothetical and the theoretical can become literal.
Whenever a toddler sees a pile of blocks, he wants to tear it down.
I mean, my dad's a television producer, and I knew I could get a job as an assistant or a reader with one of his friends, but it wasn't exactly what I wanted to do.
I think you have a passion and an obsession for something when it's not necessarily ubiquitous.
Robotics are beginning to cross that line from absolutely primitive motion to motion that resembles animal or human behavior.
It's a leap of faith doing any serialised storytelling.
I have no style. There are certain people who just have a visual sense that defines their work. You could probably watch 30 seconds of anything they do and you'll know exactly who directed it. I don't have that skill.
As a kid, 'Star Wars' was much more my thing than 'Star Trek' was.
The ability of a television series to make adjustments is something you've got to take advantage of.
When I was a kid, it was a huge insult to be a geek. Now it's a point of pride in a weird way.
What I'm still grappling with and learning how to do is to be looking and thinking cinematically, having come from television.
'Star Trek' was always a little bit closed emotionally. I never connected to the characters.
I believe in anything that will engage the audience and make the story more effective.
I think when you're 10 years old, it's too much to see something with the threat of death in every episode. Kids are better left naive about certain things.
I try to work on shows that I would want to watch.
Stories in which the destruction of society occurs are explorations of social fears and issues that filmmakers, novelists, playwrights, painters have been examining for a long time.
I've had the same friends since I was in kindergarten.
We live in an age of instant knowledge. And there's almost a sense of entitlement to that.
I don't think I have a signature.
I love the idea of anthropomorphizing machines. I love the idea of taking technology and giving it a personality.
To me the interesting main character is never the one without flaws.
I work with really hard-working people who are really good at what they do.
I was never really a comic-book fanatic.
When I was a little kid - and even still - I loved magic tricks. When I saw how movies got made - at least had a glimpse when I went on the Universal Studios tour with my grandfather, I remember feeling like this was another means by which I could do magic.
I'm obsessed with things that are distinctly analogue.
You know, we've got to this place, where you go to a movie for one particular surgical fix. So, it's like, I want the pulse-pounding action, or the insane falling-off-my-seat comedy, or the devastating, heart-breaking drama.
I'm not trying to be coy or manipulative or Machiavellian, I want to spark people's imaginations.
I'd love to do a movie where the monster is human, where the issue is not otherworldly, or horror or science fiction.
Making movies was more a reaction to not being chosen for sports. Other kids were out there playing at whatever; I was off making something blow up and filming it, or making a mould of my sister's head using alginating plaster.
Pitching is always a weird, difficult thing.
When there's an authentic mystery, as opposed to just a question being asked, that's what makes you lean forward.
All I know is that I've made some big screw-ups, and I've done some things that have done all right. I just keep trying to learn from the mistakes I've made.
I hate to look at the stuff I've written and consider what it means or why I do it.
I find that it's hard to fully examine one's life and not have faith be part of the discussion.
As a director/writer/producer, all you ever want is to work with actors who make you look better, who make the work you do seem as good as it can be and even better than it is.
You can never guess or assume what anyone is going to think.
I feel like obviously the standard for what TV looks like changes all the time.
When I was a kid, among the other embarrassing things I would do, and there's a list of stupid things, but I would make these dumb comedy tapes. I would often make prank phone calls, but I would also do it with friends.
