French,Director
Style is a simple way of saying complicated things.
The poet is a liar who always speaks the truth.
I love cats because I enjoy my home; and little by little, they become its visible soul.
I believe in luck: how else can you explain the success of those you dislike?
The extreme limit of wisdom, that's what the public calls madness.
Everything one does in life, even love, occurs in an express train racing toward death. To smoke opium is to get out of the train while it is still moving. It is to concern oneself with something other than life or death.
There is always a period when a man with a beard shaves it off. This period does not last. He returns headlong to his beard.
A film is a petrified fountain of thought.
Tact in audacity is knowing how far you can go without going too far.
Film will only became an art when its materials are as inexpensive as pencil and paper.
Man seeks to escape himself in myth, and does so by any means at his disposal. Drugs, alcohol, or lies. Unable to withdraw into himself, he disguises himself. Lies and inaccuracy give him a few moments of comfort.
A true poet does not bother to be poetical. Nor does a nursery gardener scent his roses.
Mystery has its own mysteries, and there are gods above gods. We have ours, they have theirs. That is what's known as infinity.
Silence moves faster when it's going backward.
There are too many souls of wood not to love those wooden characters who do indeed have a soul.
One must be a living man and a posthumous artist.
Poets don't draw. They unravel their handwriting and then tie it up again, but differently.
The Louvre is a morgue; you go there to identify your friends.
If it has to choose who is to be crucified, the crowd will always save Barabbas.
You've never seen death? Look in the mirror every day and you will see it like bees working in a glass hive.
Art produces ugly things which frequently become more beautiful with time. Fashion, on the other hand, produces beautiful things which always become ugly with time.
An artist cannot speak about his art any more than a plant can discuss horticulture.
The actual tragedies of life bear no relation to one's preconceived ideas. In the event, one is always bewildered by their simplicity, their grandeur of design, and by that element of the bizarre which seems inherent in them.
All good music resembles something. Good music stirs by its mysterious resemblance to the objects and feelings which motivated it.
An original artist is unable to copy. So he has only to copy in order to be original.
I have a piece of great and sad news to tell you: I am dead.
After the writer's death, reading his journal is like receiving a long letter.
There are truths which one can only say after having won the right to say them.
Art is not a pastime but a priesthood.
Asking an artist to talk about his work is like asking a plant to discuss horticulture.
Emotion resulting from a work of art is only of value when it is not obtained by sentimental blackmail.
