French,Director
Cinema is the most beautiful fraud in the world.
A story should have a beginning, a middle and an end, but not necessarily in that order.
Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self.
All you need for a movie is a gun and a girl.
The cinema is not a craft. It is an art. It does not mean teamwork. One is always alone on the set as before the blank page. And to be alone... means to ask questions. And to make films means to answer them.
I don't think you should feel about a film. You should feel about a woman, not a movie. You can't kiss a movie.
To be or not to be. That's not really a question.
I pity the French Cinema because it has no money. I pity the American Cinema because it has no ideas.
The history of cinema appears to be easy to do, since it is, after all, made up of images; cinema appears to be the only medium where all one has to do is re-project these images so that one can see what has happened.
At the cinema, we do not think - we are thought.
Clumsiness attempts to fix simplicity straight in the eye. It is not a mark of incompetence but of reticence.
More or less, I am always saying, 'Let's do what has not been done.'
I don't have a visa for the U.S., and I don't want to apply for one. And I don't want to fly for that long.
You don't make a movie, the movie makes you.
Photography is truth. The cinema is truth twenty-four times per second.
One of the most striking signs of the decay of art is when we see its separate forms jumbled together.
The truth is that there is no terror untempered by some great moral idea.
Every edit is a lie.
Beauty is composed of an eternal, invariable element whose quantity is extremely difficult to determine, and a relative element which might be, either by turns or all at once, period, fashion, moral, passion.
To me style is just the outside of content, and content the inside of style, like the outside and the inside of the human body - both go together, they can't be separated.
I make film to make time pass.
I had the feeling that Sarajevo was the perfect place to shoot the film I wanted to shoot. It is the perfect illustration of purgatory.
People come to Cannes just to advertise their films, not with a particular message. But the advantage is that if you go to the festival, you get so much press coverage in three days that it advertises the film for the rest of the year.
I am trying to change the world.
A film ingeniously directed does indeed give the impression of having been laid end to end, but a film ingeniously edited gives the impression of having suppressed all direction.
