American,Director
Voting rights are constitutional rights.
Hope, decency, and unity are not mere catchwords.
I'm trying to make the case to voters across the political spectrum that someone who brings a younger perspective - a fresher perspective... can change the culture in Washington more effectively than someone who has run for office 9 or 10 times.
As an investigative filmmaker, I helped expose atrocities committed by ISIS against women and girls. They are evil, and we have to stop them.
Grass-roots politics, linking small-dollar fundraising to massive local volunteer organization, showed that it can rival the power of a right-wing machine comprising super PACs backed by entrenched interests and mega-donors.
I try to shy away from labels and focus on the issues.
I'm pragmatic.
The minimum wage should be a living wage.
One out of four hundred and thirty-five members of the House is not going to transform the culture of the institution, but we've got to start somewhere.
I'm not that interested in labels or litmus tests.
I identify as a Georgian who wants to do right by Georgia.
We can't let Donald Trump put us at risk.
I've been reaching out to voters across the political spectrum from the very beginning.
Metro Atlanta has virtually unlimited economic potential.
I'll tell you where I stand on the issues, and then I'll let the pundits decide how to label me.
I've got five years of experience as a national security staffer in the U.S. Congress.
I held top-secret security clearance.
I worked on Capitol Hill for five years, and I saw how things work and how they do not. I saw the partisanship, the gridlock, the pettiness, and the corruption.
News flash: The federal government is not the most efficient institution in the world. Taxpayers know that.
Folks across the spectrum wants more efficient management of their tax dollars.
I am honoured to have the support of so many strong and determined women.
I think international business experience is an asset in a congressional candidate, particularly in a district with so much international commerce.
One of the rules of running for Congress is no matter where you go, you speak like you're speaking to the whole district.
The basic job of any campaign is to translate grassroots energy into turnout.
Anger is just not who I am, and I don't think it's what voters in the 6th district want. They want respectful, decent representation that contrasts so starkly with what we have in Washington.
I made it clear that I can run a positive campaign and do it better.
