American,Director
I felt from time to time that shooting live music is the most purely cinematic thing you can do. Ideally, the cinema is becoming one with the music. There is little artifice involved. There's no acting. I love it.
I've never fallen into what I consider to be a trap of trying to figure out something analytically that could be a very popular film. I would hope my enthusiasm could match up with something with that potential.
Nothing beats a live performance. Nothing.
I don't think it's sacrilegious to remake any movie, including a good or even great movie.
I also feel that the only thing more gratifying than working with someone who you've worked well with is working with someone new and coming up with something great.
I don't think of Storefront Hitchcock or Stop Making Sense as documentaries, I think of them more as performance films.
I had very strong feelings, so the chance to make a film that deals in an imaginative way with stuff you care tremendously about is a real high. It's a really amazing thing to be able to do.
I only work with actors who take full responsibility for their characters.
I was a sort of rock journalist - whatever that is - in London in the late '60s.
When Silence of the Lambs did well commercially it was more than anything. My partner Ed Saxon and I were just so relieved that finally we had made a movie that had made some money!
I remember the Neil Young brand hitting me very hard immediately. He wasn't an acquired taste. I loved him immediately.
I love doing fiction. I love doing performance films and I love doing documentaries that don't have music. I love to shoot and I love to shoot things I'm enthusiastic about.
As much as I love acoustic Neil Young - and I do deeply - I may be more passionate about the electric. Luckily it's not a contest, and we never have to make that choice. But Neil Young on an electric guitar - I feel like I've never seen or heard anything like it.
I love the idea of documentaries. I love seeing documentaries, and I love making them. Documentaries are incredibly easy to shoot. The ease with which you can hear something's going on, somebody's going to be somewhere: That sounds so interesting. Pick up your camera and go.
It's such a rich experience when you enter into a subject from a documentary point of view. It's hard for fiction to compete with that.
Every film deserves its own unique look.
Extraordinary people are the Green Berets and the Navy Seals and the Olympic athletes - these are the ones who can face these extraordinary physical challenges and be triumphant.
As a kid, a little kid, I loved going to the movies, and now I love making movies.
I'm guided by my enthusiasm.
Documentaries - my God, there is so much going on in our country and in the world today that every time you open the newspaper or turn on the radio or watch the news on TV there is another documentary subject. We're getting the headlines for a second, shaped by corporate delivery most of the time, but what's really the story there?
Everything I've made - it doesn't mean they've all been good - but everything I've made so far, big or little, fiction or documentary, has been something that I've been really enthusiastic about.
If you're doing a music film, you've got to be singing about something.
I'm of Neil Young's generation. Neil Young's songs have spoken to what it's like to be at least a white male of his generation over the years. Endlessly, he's sung about the stuff that I really care about. He's put into words the feelings that hit you at different transitional moments in life.
I like finding a great shot and then just staying with it for a long time, not trying to pump things up with some kind of artificial energy by cutting.
They're out there, this appalling idea that there are companies that profit - not just profit but profit enormously - through war.
A trilogy is a pretty abstract notion. You can apply it to almost any three things.
