American,Director
Everybody's got one killer story. It doesn't take talent to tell that story, it just takes experience.
Storytelling is my currency. It's my only worth. The only thing of value I have in this life is my ability to tell a story, whether in print, orating, writing it down or having people acting it out.
Long time no see. I only pray the caliber of your questions has improved.
So I know how I watch movies which is on my laptop, man. And that's how I suspect a lot of people do it.
Any book is a self-help guide if you can take something from it.
When you're a filmmaker you're part of a very expensive art form.
Don't let anybody tell you different, man: The main goal in life careerwise should always be to try to get paid to simply be yourself.
I think the advent of the Internet gave us all a big boost, because by the time the Internet became mainstream and you could get it in your home, a lot of us were used to dealing in fan culture, writing to magazines or anything at the back of comic books.
I grew up in a pretty gay world - my brother's gay and he's been married to a man for 20 years, which is like 60 in straight-people years.
I know what it feels like to carry a lot of weight in a society that's very image-conscious. It's a thin person's world, and we try to navigate within it without being made fun of.
It's taken me 15 years to step behind a camera and make something everyone agrees looks like a movie.
I always wanted to see if I could sell a movie to the public without doing any marketing because my philosophy was like, 'Hey man, I'm reaching my audience everyday. I'm twittering with them. I'm in direct contact with them on the podcast.'
The writer crafts their ideal world. In my world, everyone has really long conversations or just picks apart pop culture to death and everyone talks in monologue.
The only thing of value I have in this life is my ability to tell a story, whether in print, orating, writing it down or having people acting it out. That's why I'm always hoping society never collapses because the first ones to go will be entertainers.
Indie film isn't dead, it just grew up.
It's kind of debatable whether or not the advertisement model is effective. Like whether Nielsen works. For years, Nielsen has been based on sampling. It's not like an electronic bullet that hits your house that tells the people at networks at all times what you're watching.
I sympathize far more with heavier people than I ever will with thin. I'll never be thin. Let's be honest.
All these people who say success changes people; well, no, it just magnifies what's there.
It's like a dream come true. When somebody is paying you to talk about yourself, you've won.
It's silly that anyone in this world tells you that there are only certain people that can marry you.
Dudes know I'm not a threat. Chicks know I'm not a threat.
In Hollywood you just fail upwards.
It's too expensive, that's the thing nobody wants to talk about. It is too expensive to make movies. That's not true, it is too expensive to market movies. Making movies is not.
I've always kind of ripped from real life to some degree or at least how I'm feeling in the moment. In fact, maybe that's really it. In anything I've ever written, all the characters sound like me, which I don't think is a bad thing.
Haven't two hundred years of failed missionary work overseas taught anybody anything? You can't convert people to anything - whether religion, or something as inane as our flicks.
There's something to be said for failing. It's not the failure you feel, it's the failure that people project when something disappoints. You're back to ground zero, where there's no expectations, and that's where I like to be.
Oh, I'm online all the time now. I'm not an outdoorsy type.
