American,Director
Always in life bad times will lead to great times.
Anime is intended to have ambiguous features. That's part of the art form.
Is it possible that there are no coincidences?
There is no one looking out for us. We are all alone.
I love my stories being multi-layered, and coming at it from different angles, so that you don't understand the film's true emotional motivation until the very end.
When you say 'fear of the unknown', that is the definition of fear; fear is the unknown, fear is what you do not know, and it's genetically within us so that we feel safe. We feel scared of the woods because we're not familiar with it, and that keeps you safe.
I have worked hard and learnt that I have to make a decision - whether I am going to conform and protect myself or not. I chose not to.
I have a naive outlook on life. That's who I am.
I knew the moment it happened, it was a miracle. I could have been kissing her when she threw up. It would have scarred me for life. I may never have recovered.
The combination of the CGI, 3-D, and sound effects, it's just impossible to separate them. It gives you a more immersive experience, and I prefer that.
If I had a big brother who was a year older than me or something, I probably wouldn't have ended up being a filmmaker.
I offer originality: you don't know what my films are like until you go to them. I think that's the reason I've been getting all this attention.
My biggest fear in life is to be average.
See what you have to ask yourself is what kind of person are you? Are you the kind that sees signs, sees miracles? Or do you believe that people just get lucky?
There's a monster outside my room, can I have a glass of water?
When they see those fourteen lights, they're looking at a miracle. And deep down, they feel that whatever's going to happen, there will be someone there to help them. And that fills them with hope.
There are a lot of things I can take, and a few that I can't. What I can't take is when my older brother, who's everything that I want to be, starts losing faith in things. I saw that look in your eyes last night. I don't ever want to see that look in your eyes again.
Are you in my dream too?
I like to write in a shroud of secrecy because I have to keep finding ways to scare myself.
Movies will end up being this esoteric art form, where only singular people will put films out in a small group of theaters.
Movie making is not like other art forms, like painting, or writing a novel, because that can be digested or interpreted... It takes two years to make each one of these, and it's always judged on money.
I think I take what you might call a B-movie story, deal with B-movie subjects, and I treat it as if it's an A-movie in terms of my approach, my crew, my actors, my ethics and so on. I guess that's my trademark or one of them, anyway!
If I'm hesitant at all about an idea, then that's not the right idea.
I've never had an issue with studios. I believe in them as true creative partners in the process.
I don't want to pretend I'm any cooler or smarter than I am.
That's something we should be taught as kids: To be okay with ourselves.
