Canadian,Director
And I think all Nazis didn't see themselves as bad people. I've never met a racist yet who thought he was a racist. Or an anti-Semite who thought they were anti-Semitic.
Betrayal... is my favorite subject.
I still get a lot of material but I find that as one gets older you get more fussy. You know you're going spend a year or a year and a half on this and you know there are only so many films in you so you get a little bit more selective.
I think all Nazis didn't see themselves as bad people. I've never met a racist yet who thought he was a racist. Or an anti-Semite who thought they were anti-Semitic.
We're always on the side of the animal that's being chased. We always seem to be on the side of the rabbit or the fox and not on the side of the hounds.
I work with a lot of movie stars.
Michael Caine is a movie star, but he's also a great actor. I can't say that about every movie star. It's the concentration he has.
A lot of American actors I work with are in character all day long. You can't talk to them. It's Method and the whole thing.
With most British actors, it's amazing. I think they start with the character on the outside and work in.
Do what you're told, and everything will be all right.
I'm just a storyteller.
When I make a film, I never want the film to become a vehicle of social propaganda. If I wanted to do that, I'd make documentaries.
I don't make films to win prizes. I make films to make films.
I'm going to do an adaptation of the Italian film, Bread and Tulips. I really like that film.
I'm in the mood for another Moonstruck experience, for another romantic comedy.
When you shoot a musical, you're shooting to lipsynch tracks, so we had to figure out our choreography and work out what we wanted to do with each number before we did it.
I was really excited to have the opportunity to make Fiddler.
Everything Sholom Aleichem talks about in his plays and his short stories is about people, family, man's relationship with his God, the breaking down of tradition.
In America there's no rights for the artist, so whatever films I've made kind of belong to the studio.
I was very disappointed that Denzel didn't win Best Actor for The Hurricane because I thought he deserved it.
I think you get better as you get older.
Moonstruck... was one of the few romantic comedies to be nominated for a Best Picture Oscar.
I think I've done pretty well. I've had about 46, or 47 nominations from my movies, and my films have won about 12 awards, so I don't have any complaints.
Well, you know the old line - to be nominated is what it's all about. I think that I've done pretty well - I've had about 46, or 47 nominations from my movies, and my films have won about 12 awards in total, so I don't really have any complaints.
We also have a tendency to root for the fugitive. We're always on the side of the animal being chased.
Look, I'm just a storyteller. When I make a film, I never want the film to become a vehicle of social propaganda.
