American,Director
I know this is silly, it's shallow, it's bad, I wish I wasn't this way-but if I meet a girl with no teeth, I just don't want to date her. It's creepy of me, I wish I was a bigger person, but that's my real turn-off.
Everything's a lot easier when you work with someone you know just about as well as you know yourself.
'Movie 43' is about the hardest R Rated comedy ever.
There are a lot of laughs in this movie, but it's not just about the laughs. It's really about the story, about a guy who finds his soul and realizes what's truly important.
We've had no problems with the actors, but we keep a really loose set.
Our feeling is that the most important thing on a set is that actors have enough confidence to try different things. If there's stress or tension, they won't go out on a limb because they won't want to embarrass themselves if they don't feel completely comfortable.
Nine out of 10 times these guys will hit it-they'll be on something incredibly funny, but one out of 10, two out of 10, they'll fall flat on their faces. That's what makes them great actors: they take those chances, they don't play it safe.
If you work with Jim Carrey, you're working with the best.
We really love all sports, but we don't think in the long term. The reason we did Kingpin was because there was a script we really liked and we saw the possibilities.
Anybody who is a fan of any team is going to recognize themselves in this.
I always take kind of a zen view of casting and I really don't remember people who passed. I kind of turn it over to the universe and figure, 'Wow, I guess that wasn't meant to be.' It doesn't sit with me.
I always loved Kate Winslet, but after you meet her you really love her because she's a cool chick.
If I was not allowed to mention that I was in the film industry, I could go six months without getting a kiss.
I do know this: When somebody has to look great on the screen, that's the death of funny.
Usually, you can shoot a movie in 10 or 12 weeks.
I know guys. I know the way they think.
You know, I'm not sure I ever even had a blind date!
With all of my films if I get one bad review and a bunch of good reviews the bad one is the only one that will stay with me, which really sucks!
