American,Director
Censorship of ideas or images or words is wrong.
The horror genre is important because it promotes experimentation in filmmaking.
Subject matter that is not bound to reality offers more opportunity to write a unique story and cinematically present it in very unique ways.
Everyone has an opinion, and the guy screaming for censorship may be the next guy to have his ideas cut off.
We should all have the opportunity to express what we want to express.
We should assume that the end product can be switched off by any consumer who is offended or frightened by it.
I have never seen a connection between cinematic violence towards women and actual violence towards women in society.
Violent behavior exists in one's psychological makeup much deeper than the level that receives information from television or movies.
If a violent act towards a woman takes place, and the inspiration for that act is violence in cinema, the inspiration for that act would have come from somewhere else if movies didn't exist.
Cinema has only been around for about 100 years. Has all of the world's violence towards women taken place only within the past 100 years?
Many of us view the bible and other religious teachings as mythology.
To us, basing stories on christianity is the same as basing stories on Roman mythology, Native American folklore, or unsubstantiated government conspiracies.
I like the fact that major studios have been attempting horror films recently.
This indication of audience interest is good for all horror movie makers at any budget level.
I position everything else in my life around making movies.
Each feature I make is my focus at that time.
When I'm working on a movie, I will make any sacrifice to finish it.
I am not stopped by low funds, physical exhaustion, mental exhaustion, or temptations to stop and work on some other production that would be more financially rewarding.
Movies are an art form that is very available to the masses.
More people are exposed to movies than to most other forms of art.
I think the act of condensing months or years of work down to a couple hours of entertainment is pretty wild and extremely rewarding.
And the fact that you must make the movie for yourself because no one else will ever fully appreciate the endeavor, makes it a more rewarding challenge.
I have done some short pieces that are not horror.
I've also directed, shot, and edited several music videos.
I did not go to film school.
Most of my technical knowledge comes from having worked in the industrial video industry.
