British,Director
Naming a baby is an act of poetry, for many people the only creative moment of their lives.
We can alleviate physical pain, but mental pain - grief, despair, depression, dementia - is less accessible to treatment. It's connected to who we are - our personality, our character, our soul, if you like.
I can't think of anyone I admire who isn't fuelled by self-doubt. It's an essential ingredient. It's the grit in the oyster.
I am interested in the gap between what people say and what they think - the undiscovered world of people's lives. Lives of quiet desperation.
Every action has a consequence, so always try to be good.
I envy the happiness of others... I envy the sense of belonging... I seem always to be remaking myself.
You can't be minimalist as a director until you have acquired the experience and confidence to say no.
If the arts are held up solely as a means of social insight, fantasy is denied the chance to be commonplace and reality the chance to be exotic.
I think the collision between the First and Third world is going to become more and more conspicuous. It's the big cliff that we've all got to climb.
Don't ever be afraid to ask any question.
What we hold in our heads - our memory, our feelings, our thoughts, our sense of our own history - is the sum of our humanity.
Balance is the enemy of art.
The principle of acting in good faith is at the heart of decent work.
Everything people say about grandparenthood is true - it is pleasure without responsibility. It is unquestioned love.
Governments have always been wary of the arts because they're wayward and ambiguous and because they deal with feelings rather than facts.
Art is about the 'I' in life not the 'we', about private life rather than public. A public life that doesn't acknowledge the private is a life not worth having.
Change begins with understanding and understanding begins by identifying oneself with another person: in a word, empathy. The arts enable us to put ourselves in the minds, eyes, ears and hearts of other human beings.
All good actors are very bright. You can't be stupid and a good actor. You may be inarticulate, you may not be highly educated, but all good actors are quick-witted, some of them dazzlingly so. All you do is guide them.
Theatre is castigated for wallowing in self-indulgence, but it's curiously unsentimental. You simply have to move on. Everything passes. Something in me likes that.
I'm never comfortable at theatre opening nights. If it's my own production I'm too wound up to be able to enjoy the performance and too wary to enjoy the event as a social occasion.
A place makes a deep impression on you when you're young. It lives with you. It's like your childhood. It fertilises the imagination.
I resent all organised religions.
I was a chronically shy child. That kernel of my younger self is still there, but I've developed mechanisms to deal with it.
There is in our society a gulf opening up, a kind of cultural apartheid, between those who are brought up to feel our national culture is theirs, to take ownership of it, and enjoy the privileges of that, and those who are completely disfranchised, those - for example - who will never be taken to the theatre to see Shakespeare.
Waiters are like actors waiting in the wings, bantering whenever we passed each other on the restaurant floor, shouting at each other backstage in the kitchen and winking and corpsing above the heads of our audience, the unsuspecting customers.
There are those who leave without our needing to detain them; we have said all there is to say.
