British,Director
Life isn't black and white. It's a million gray areas, don't you find?
How can you look at the galaxy and not feel insignificant?
If you circle above Central Park at night in a helicopter, you're looking down at the most expensive real estate in the world. It's the American Monopoly board.
In my view, the only way to see a film remains the way the filmmaker intended: inside a large movie theater with great sound and pristine picture.
I think, at the end of the day, filmmaking is a team, but eventually there's got to be a captain.
Perhaps because of my background as a graphic designer, I'm drawn to rich and beautiful colors.
The word 'religion' is only a label. What lies behind that, the most important thing of all, is the word 'faith'. You either have faith, or you don't have faith, or you have degrees of faith - and if you have degrees of faith, then you become agnostic. You're kind of in-between, or you're on the fence.
There's a big film industry in Egypt, and quite a big one in Syria, and there's a big Muslim community in Paris.
The best stories come out of the truth.
Technology continues to bring us wondrous advances in filmmaking to improve how we view movies.
The very first film I ever saw was a pirate movie called 'The Black Swan' with Tyrone Power. And I thought that was great stuff. Of course, in those days, Technicolor was really Technicolor; there was no such thing as desaturation. Everybody looked super suntanned.
I knew exactly what to do on Alien, it was funny.
I always shoot my movies with score as certainly part of the dialogue. Music is dialogue. People don't think about it that way, but music is actually dialogue. And sometimes music is the final, finished, additional dialogue. Music can be one of the final characters in the film.
Taking a comic strip character is very hard to write. Because comics are meant to work in one page, to work in frames with minimalistic dialogue. And a lot of it is left to the imagination of the reader. To do that in film, you've got to be a little more explanatory. And that requires a good screenplay and good dialogue.
When you're in the editing room, the dangerous thing is that it becomes like telling a joke again and again and again. Eventually, the joke starts to not be funny. So you have to be careful that you're not throwing the baby out with the bath water.
The hardest single thing you do is get the bloody screenplay right.
I've got many letters from Muslim organizations thanking me for making 'Kingdom of Heaven.'
I've gradually realised that what I do best is universes. And I shouldn't be afraid of that.
Business fascinates me. It's very creative.
Good FBI officers are not noticeable. You would never look at them.
If you ever have a kid who doesn't know what to do, stick him in art school. It's amazing what evolves.
They say, 'TV is not a captive audience,' but it definitely is. You can easily switch off the bloody television.
I started late. I didn't make my first movie until I was 40.
I'll reshoot a corridor 13 different ways, and you'll never recognise them.
The great attraction to 'American Gangster' is these two great characters who are absolute paradoxes within their own sphere.
There has to be absolute trust between the tiger and its master, but its master must be the master - there must be no mistake about that.
If I have to, I'll go and direct theater and talk till the cows come home.
And anyway, it's only movies. to stop me I think they'll ahve to shoot me in the head.
And I maintain good relationships with all the studios so I've never been bullied into any cut, frankly.
What you do, is you gradually become more and more experienced, and more and more realistic about dramatic tolerance, i.e. about how long the play should be.
Digital is a different world because you are sitting at home and a hi tech piece of equipment today is within reach of most people, so they are watching a pretty hi tech version of whatever you've done.
But Gladiator is one of my favourite adventures because I really loved going into the world. I loved creating the world to the degree where you could almost smell it.
I think one of the successes of Gladiator is how we manage to turn on a dime the character from one thing to another where you believe he is one thing and he is something very different.
I don't ever blink, honestly.
Blade Runner appears regularly, two or three times a year in various shapes and forms of science fiction. It set the pace for what is essentially urban science fiction, urban future and it's why I've never re-visited that area because I feel I've done it.
Cast is everything.
It's everything and I always make decisions about the cast.
When you're doing a big movie, you're gone for 10 months to a year.
Do what you haven't done is the key, I think.
Some people like to do everything always the same thing. That's another way: To do the same thing.
My career seems to be a career of non-specific subjects which are all over the place.
I get so used to working with writers that my prime occupation is development.
I try to make films, not movies. I've never liked the expression 'movie', but it sounds elitist to say that.
People have no idea how physically tough doing a film is.
I was always aware that this whole Earth is on overload.
There's some politicians who still seriously believe that we haven't got global warming.
'Alien' is a C film elevated to an A film, honestly, by it being well done and a great monster. If it hadn't had that great monster, even with a wonderful cast, it wouldn't have been as good, I don't think.
There's still a lot of investors wondering what to invest in. And, of course, I think entertainment looks attractive when you read the few films that make these insane amounts of money. What they don't know is they don't always do that.
Doing science fiction at a high level is tricky. It's really tricky.
I think sci-fi can easily be PG.
It's hard writing screenplays.
Egypt was - as it is now - a confluence of cultures, as a result of being a crossroads geographically between Africa, the Middle East and Europe.
When I started the original 'Alien,' Ripley wasn't a woman, it was a guy.
I've always avoided sequels, unless I felt there was something fresh.
Fire is our first form of technology.
I think Phil Dick was particularly interesting in that, first of all, he was a very modern man and a very modern thinker, but I don't know what demons drove him.
I am in a constant stage of development.
When you think about it, 'Avatar' is almost completely an animated movie.
'Blade Runner' was a comic strip. It was a comic strip! It was a very dark comic strip. Comic metaphorically.
Churchill strikes a note in my life because my father worked on Mulberry Harbour, which was the code name for the temporary concrete harbours which were towed across the Channel to make the D-day landings in France possible.
I've seen some of James Cameron's work, and I've got to go 3D.
Your landscape in a western is one of the most important characters the film has. The best westerns are about man against his own landscape.
I don't go to the cinema often anymore - I'd rather just pop in a disk and get the biggest monitor you've got, and if the quality is superb, I can watch a film, and if I don't like it I can pop it out.
I tend to watch a lot of lower-budget movies to find out what's doing down there and find out who's coming up.
As a filmmaker, deep blacks are essential, and in my experience, no technology captures those attributes as well as Plasma.
The U.K. has to keep investing in new technology, skills, and infrastructure to keep pace with international competition.
You always worry before your movie opens that no one is going to come out.
'Prometheus' was a great experience for me.
I would make a film with a political point of view if I agreed with it, and even, perhaps, if I didn't.
When you're watching a documentary, the danger is to romanticize.
I'm an Englishman who did a film on Mogadishu, 'Black Hawk Down.'
Dad entered the Second World War like any other man, trying to do the right thing.
I grew up in the North of England at a time when Stirling Moss was a hero. Everyone wanted to be a racing driver.
'The Man In High Castle' is one of Dick's most imaginative and captivating works, and certainly one of my favorites.
Stanley Kubrick's '2001' was the door that opened up the possibility of science fiction for me. Everything else up to then was fine, but didn't quite work for me.
Technology will need to make many more huge leaps before one can ever view films with the level of picture and sound quality many film lovers demand without having to slide a disc into a player, especially with the technical requirements of today's 3D movies.
Far from being dead, physical media has years of life left and must be preserved because there is no better alternative.
Most people need the money all the time.
Sci-fi films are as dead as westerns.
What's interesting to me about Moses isn't the big stuff that everybody knows.
From time to time, there are people in the film industry who appear on the horizon with a unique vision. South African director Neill Blomkamp is one of those rare people.
Actors are all different. They're not all volatile. Some are sweet, some are volatile, but what is fundamentally in there is something that has to be paid attention to, in that they are, I would say, needy.
I had a quite unconventional childhood, in the sense that I traveled a lot and I went to 10 or 11 schools. I was completely confused academically, but wherever I went, I could paint. I painted an inordinate amount.
When you're at a certain point in your time - age, that is, when you're older - you start to realize that, actually, what you leave behind you does count, and so you start to become fundamentally aware of your own destiny, which sounds very grand. It's not grand at all, actually.
Are we the first hominids? I really, really, really doubt it.
The story of 'Prometheus' is the idea that if you're given a gift from the gods, do not abuse it, and do not think you can compete.
One of the problems with science fiction, which is probably one of the reasons why I haven't done one for many, many years, is the fact that everything is used up. Every type of spacesuit is used up, every type of spacecraft is vaguely familiar, the corridors are similar, and the planets are similar.
If studios don't get their money back, we don't have any movies. So it is important that films are successful, and I am fully supportive of that because I'm not just a director, I'm also not stupid. I've been in this business long enough and, to a certain extent, I'm a businessman; I know the importance of that.
I unfortunately do suffer for my art.
In film, it's very important to not allow yourself to get sentimental, which, being British, I try to avoid. People sometimes regard sentimentality as emotion. It is not. Sentimentality is unearned emotion.
A word on 'Kingdom of Heaven:' if you get the four-disc set, which is 3 hr. 8 min., you'll see why it's such a good movie. It was a real passion project, and it's the film I'm most proud of. I think it was treated incredibly unfairly.
Audiences are smarter than ever; they know if filmmakers cheat an environment.
On 'Black Hawk Down,' I was employing 1,000 Muslims. 'Kingdom of Heaven,' same deal except bigger, probably 1,500 Muslims.
Sacred texts give no specific depiction of God, so for centuries, artists and filmmakers have had to choose their own visual depiction.
I was one of those kids who tended to stay in on Saturday nights. My mother used to come and say, 'Why don't you go to the dance with the boys?' And I'm going, 'No, I'm perfectly happy.' I think my parents thought I was definitely weird.
I love designing, and I still do it.
I'm really intrigued by those eternal questions of creation and belief and faith. I don't care who you are, it's what we all think about. It's in the back of all our minds.
It doesn't matter how much faith you have or don't have. I just don't buy the idea that we're alone. There's got to be some form of life out there.
The idea of flying in general does not appeal to me. I can barely understand why people want to fly at all, other than that it's occasionally necessary.
I don't get attached to anything. I'm like a good antique dealer. I'm prepared to sell my most valuable table.
I'm a yarn teller. My job is to engage you as much as I can and as often as I can.
If you go back and look, a completely underrated film is 'Quest for Fire.' That was one of the most genius, simplistic but incredibly sophisticated notion of what it was. The evolution of that was just fantastic.
I made the mistake of saying I was an atheist at one point, when I was doing 'Kingdom of Heaven.'
I'm a very practical person.
I watch a lot of 'National Geographic.'
'Alien' is a landmark. One of the really good science-fiction films.
I think there's nothing worse than inertia. You can be inert and study your navel, and gradually fall off the chair. I think the key is to keep flying.
For 'Prometheus,' I came back to a very simple question that haunted me that appears in the first 'Alien,' and no one answered in subsequent Alien films: who was the 'Space Jockey' - the big guy in the seat? If you really go into that, it becomes the basis for a pretty interesting story.
I'm used to very strong women because my mother was particularly strong, and my father was away all the time. My mother was a big part of bringing up three boys, so I was fully versed in the strength of a powerful woman, and accepted that as the status quo.
I think there are a lot of men who feel they're being emasculated by having the woman be in charge; I've never had that problem.
Oddly enough, I find it quite engaging to be working with a female when I'm directing. It's kind of interesting.
I had been very impressed with the voiceover of 'Apocalypse Now,' with Martin Sheen's voice. That was a great voiceover; it really internalized the Martin Sheen character, who was essentially fairly low key and didn't say a lot during the whole movie. But he thought a lot, so I always thought that was really great.
Scaring someone's the hardest thing to do, and that's why most of these scary movies are not scary. They're sick, but not scary. There's a lot of sickness out there, of people who then sit there and watch it, which I think is absolutely dismaying.
You could have ten scientists in this room. You could ask them all: 'Who's religious?' About three to four will put their hands up.
I'm fundamentally a positive person. Otherwise, I wouldn't be doing some of the insane movies that I do.
The Gulf of Mexico, they believe, is a huge asteroid. That was an impact zone, you know that? Yeah, for that big a thing to actually hit our globe, it would have had to adjusted the spin, the axis.
Try writing a book, dude. That's difficult.
The time it would take me to write a screenplay it would take me the time to make two films. I would rather make the movies, and I'm a better moviemaker than I would be writer.
Any period is fascinating: the more ancient, the better.
The digital and theatrical markets are two different marketplaces.
I don't make films for other people; I make films for me.
Once, I got slaughtered after 'Blade Runner' by Pauline Kael: three pages of slaughter. I was so offended, I would never read any more press.
The key thing is you can be the only person, your own critic.
Unfortunately, we don't seem to learn from history, do we? And you'd think we would.
I'm agnostic because I went through the usual process of parents insisting you go to church, and yet they didn't. So there's me, sitting in the chairs, thinking, 'Jeez, why am I here? I'd rather be playing tennis, seriously.'
I think over time I've learned to stop being a screamer and get interactive; otherwise, you get killed in Hollywood. I stopped being a screamer shortly after 'Blade Runner,' kicking doors and things like that, because I wasn't actually getting anywhere.
If somebody's given me X amount of dollars to fulfill a dream, they've got every right to actually say something about it.
I want to return to the epic idea of the grand, big Western, in the sense that 'The Searchers' was.
We can't terraform yet, but we know it exists.
The 3D world allows you to engage even more with a film because you're somehow drawn into the landscape or the universe of that scene. Even when it's two people talking at a table, you feel like you're a third party.
Anybody who does 90 takes has a problem.
I have a healthy competitive nature.
I wanted 'Alien' to be all about claustrophobia.
There are some moments that are pretty distressing in 'Prometheus.' In fact, the last hour is pretty distressing.
I would like to have a bit of a break and do a comedy.
As soon as you're at the higher levels of budgeting, you've got to get the film made, and the only way to support the film is to have actors who can support the budget.
It's very difficult to find good scripts in Hollywood any more.
Fundamentally, I always find that most of the films that I've put out are essentially the director's cut. Part of the process with a director's cut is the leaving behind of certain aspects of the movie that we don't feel necessary because they aren't part of the dynamic of the story.
I like a film such as 'American Beauty,' and I like 'Spider-Man.'
Because I was a kid from north of England, the only films I had access to was not alternative cinema, which in those days would be foreign cinema; I would be looking at all the Hollywood movies that arrived at my High Street.
I used to agonise over what to do next, but now I'm making a movie a year. It's insane, but it's only a movie after all. You just hang in there, and occasionally you might make something which you can call art... briefly.
If 'formulaic' is somebody who is unlikely to succeed starting down a process and succeeding - then isn't that what most films are about? And art films are about people who aren't likely to succeed and then don't succeed.
I didn't want to go down the route of spending a year of my life making a movie that would never be seen. I may as well go down a route making a film that a lot of people will see, which is the whole idea behind cinema.
The word 'comedy' implies slapstick.
Sometimes I find I'm wearing a divided, split brain in terms of drama and humor.
I come out of TV. I come out of live television, BBC drama: that's where I started first as a designer, then a director. Then I went independent TV, then television advertising.
Sometimes you can do a TV show on a subject you just can't do in film. Either it's too long or studios will perceive it as not being commercial.
I'm a reader. I found out that, whether you're a studio head or a director, you must read your own material. You can't rely on readers.
Sometimes, scenes are great without any music at all.
The whole process of making movies and writing screenplays is visceral and intuitive.
By going to a preview, a director becomes insidiously infected by the process, so by the end of it, you're thinking, 'It may be a bit too long.'
The great film editor is not a cutter, he's a storyteller, right?
