Scottish,Director
I rant and rave about noise pollution.
I'd love to do a Columbo-type detective character in a series.
I have a reputation for being an improvisational actor, which is true, but I also know what I'm doing so that if the improvisational strand doesn't work I can go back to what I know's already there.
We met in Cracker. I played a maniac fan who murders a policeman and she did my makeup. I thought anyone interested in me looking like that must have genuinely liked me.
Acting is probably the greatest therapy in the world. You can get a lot stuff out of you on the set so you don't have to take it home with you at night. It's the stuff between the lines, the empty space between those lines which is interesting.
The script will point you in certain directions and I go the opposite if I can. I try do do one thing and tell a different story with my eyes. I believe what's more interesting is always what's not being said.
I want to keep audiences off balance, so they don't know who I am or how to take me. If I duck and weave, as Frank Bruno might say, I'll have a longer shelf life.
Biologically, I'm lucky - an angular face and dark colouring which shows up well on camera.
I'm in four different films this year, and I have four different accents. I sound different in every film. You have to love a character to play it well, and change in my work is what I want.
The darker the character, the more interesting.
Every actor I think has got their own number of takes that they like, you know. Some actors like to go all day, you know on the one scene and some actors want to take two takes. I personally like four.
It depends who the director is you know, I mean Ken Loach for instance. I've done up to 32 takes with him.
I feel like I'm the luckiest man on the planet.
I just don't like the whole Hollywood thing.
I hate the word 'hippy.'
Hunger's a great spur.
It took a long time for me to accept I was an actor, a professional actor, and that, actually, I make a living out of this.
I love sci-fi because it leads in the imagination, and I always say it has the most intelligent fans in the world.
I'd totally be attracted to a geek girl!
People go to the movies to watch a film and all they're thinking about is the actress's cellulite they saw in a magazine.
In the late '70s, maybe just before I started, there was still an attitude that if you did film you didn't do TV and vice versa, but that's gone now.
People in Scotland appreciate homegrown talent, but it's getting harder and harder to get films made in Britain.
Anyone who knows anything about me knows that I am a very patriotic guy, in terms of my Scottishness and my roots.
Vancouver's a very child friendly city, there's... no doubt about that.
A lot of my work is with children and there's a reason for that, because they really level you.
Anyone that knows me knows what I'm about, and I'm very much a British actor, a European actor.
The quality of TV drama nowadays is getting better and better. They've had to invent a new term for it: 'high-end television.'
To pursue a career in Hollywood you have to have a personality bypass. Look at the top 20 stars in the world - there's probably only two actors among them. Hollywood's not about you as an actor. It's about your currency, what you 'bring to the table'. And I've never been one to jump through hoops for anyone.
Bullying is a terrible, terrible thing.
Acting is a really insular thing.
Acting, the arts in general, is a magnet for the wounded of society.
There are a lot of things that make up a performance, a lot of technical things. It isn't always just about pulling it up from the darkest recesses of your mind or your heart. It's your experience and your observation.
I'd love to play some kind of fop.
I've always taken my love of children from my father. He was a children magnet. Suddenly, having my first child hit home what my dad went through.
The more people know about an actor the less convincing they become. A bit of mystery's a good thing.
Most of the time, you find that the smaller the budget, the more the project is about something substantive.
My wife was a make-up artist, and she's a total product junkie. Our bathroom is packed full of lotions and potions so I end up trying them out.
Guys, particularly in the West, go to the gym and train for hours and hours to pick up something that is heavier than them. Why would you want to do that?
I never go anywhere without my iPod.
I think you should only wear jewellery if it has a story behind it.
