American,Director
Every picture has been a learning opportunity for me.
I like something where I can really use my imagination and be an active participant in the construction of the monster and usually that's in the world of the supernatural or the world of the fantastic, so that's why those kinds of stories about demons and the supernatural appeal to me or maybe I'm really interested in that subject.
I realized what interested me as a student of film was one thing and the movies that I liked were another.
Well it's always been an element of the horror film to show us the gross out. I mean that's one option for all filmmakers making a horror film and it's not something I've found myself above either.
I like a good mono track, it's right up front. I don't need all the surrounds telling me there are birds in the neighbourhood.
I don't like shows, I don't like to put on a show, I just really want to work intimately with my actors.
I think she said I should seek help. Something like that, but it was in much cruder terms. And that I had a fascination with things coming out of people's mouths.
That's what heroic stories do for us. They show us the way. They remind us of the good we are capable of.
I love cats. I've had cats as pets.
If a remake is not good, no one wants to see it and, again, it doesn't hurt the original.
I've always worked with a team of actors and filmmakers ever since I was a kid in Michigan making Super-8 movies.
You know, I put my little brother in the movies and he's still in the pictures. My mother makes me put him in the pictures.
When we read stories of heroes, we identify with them. We take the journey with them. We see how the obstacles almost overcome them. We see how they grow as human beings or gain qualities or show great qualities of strength and courage and with them, we grow in some small way.
I'm not certain, but I have a little gypsy blood in me. And my mother always told me that her grandma could give someone the evil eye, and I'd better not cross her because she had some of that blood in her. Mother always believed that she could predict the future, and she had dreams that came true.
I don't really approach stories to make them different from other stuff I've seen, I just try to get into the character, into his or her head. Try to make it as funny, as scary or as wild as I can so that I really like it.
R is for wussies if you're talking about blood and guts.
I don't like movies about serial killers, necessarily; it's too real and unpleasant for me.
I feel the horror audience is a great audience, and I would ideally make a movie that would give them as much energy as they're willing to give to the picture.
Some movies to me are like vampires - they suck all of the energy out of me and I don't like that. I like to give the audience energy if I can.
Any time anyone makes a comic book into a movie, in some way, I think they have to kill the comic book.
I've always been interested in the camera and the effects of it - that's what drew me to film in the first place.
As I began making my feature films, it was a great adventure. It was about constructing something I saw in my head or I had designed on storyboards and capturing that on film.
Money opens up wonderful worlds of possibilities.
I've always loved... actually I didn't always love horror films. I started out and I only liked comedies and dramas.
It's lovely being a producer. It's really a lot of fun and I can learn a lot.
I've always made sequels, even when I was making Super 8 movies if the audience liked it.
