American,Director
Being made in the image of God, man was the crown of creation.
A creationist can embarrass an evolutionist by asking for a definition of species.
Any concept of one person being superior to another can lead to racism.
In Christ the original image of God is restored, by faith in this world and by sight in the world to come.
There are also scientific problems with the concept that each of the creation days was a long period of time.
God has stated in clear and concise language how He created the universe and we ought not to doubt His Word.
The Moon and Mars were the two most likely candidates for life in the solar system; what exists beyond our solar system is mere guesswork.
If leaders in the space program had at its beginning in the 1940s, pointed out the benefits to people on earth rather than emphasizing the search for proof of evolution in space, the program would have saved $100 billion in tax money and achieved greater results.
We agree that man was not created to survive in space.
Neither does man have gills for living in a water environment; yet it is not sinful to explore the depths of the oceans in search of food or other blessings.
Scripture suggests that the elements in space were created for the benefit of earth, while evolution suggests that earth is an insignificant speck in vast space.
Angels possess greater powers than do human beings.
It seems we will continue to have problems with this classification and it may be because it comes under the heading of creation rather than preservation.
Following the creation concept that creation processes differed from preservation processes, it is suggested that God endowed each created kind, at the time of its creation, with potential for vast variety.
No writer of a portion of the Bible was perfect. It was the direct and miraculous operation of the Holy Spirit that what they wrote is without mistake.
If we knew exactly what animal life was like before the fall into sin and knew what nature was like before the law of entropy invaded it, we would already be living in heaven.
Sex is not sinful, but sin has perverted it.
Therefore, sins of sex are punished in this life to a greater degree than some other sins.
Some people turn from God because they cannot understand how a good God can permit evil in the world.
This solution may not appeal to our human pride, but the problem is that our human pride in itself is sinful.
Essentially this promise before curse, this superiority of God's love in Christ, must come from the Bible.
Language expresses people's thinking and it was by a Word that God created the world and preserves it.
Accordingly, one race is neither superior nor inferior to another.
Thus, races arose from an original coding which God pulled out as needed for adaptation to the environment.
In the beginning of the human race there was no genetic load which would cause undesirable traits such as appear in offspring of marriages between relatives today.
Science is defined in various ways, but today it is generally restricted to something which is experimental, which is repeatable, which can be predicted, and which is falsifiable.
