German,Director
Civilization is like a thin layer of ice upon a deep ocean of chaos and darkness.
The world reveals itself to those who travel on foot.
Every man should pull a boat over a mountain once in his life.
If you do not have an absolutely clear vision of something, where you can follow the light to the end of the tunnel, then it doesn't matter whether you're bold or cowardly, or whether you're stupid or intelligent. Doesn't get you anywhere.
The universe is monstrously indifferent to the presence of man.
Life on our planet has been a constant series of cataclysmic events, and we are more suitable for extinction than a trilobite or a reptile. So we will vanish. There's no doubt in my heart.
I prefer to be alive, so I'm cautious about taking risks.
Facts sometimes have a strange and bizarre power that makes their inherent truth seem unbelievable.
You must live life in its very elementary forms. The Mexicans have a very nice word for it: pura vida. It doesn't mean just purity of life, but the raw, stark-naked quality of life. And that's what makes young people more into a filmmaker than academia.
Yes, the pyramids have been built, but if you give me 300,000 disciplined men and give me 30 years, I could build a bigger one.
I think psychology and self-reflection is one of the major catastrophes of the twentieth century.
I don't spend sleepless nights over getting very bad reviews.
I know whenever it comes to be really dysfunctional and vile and base and hostile on screen, I'm good at that!
I think there should be holy war against yoga classes.
If an actor knows how to milk a cow, I always know it will not be difficult to be in business with him.
I think the worst that can happen in filmmaking is if you're working with a storyboard. That kills all intuition, all fantasy, all creativity.
I think it is a quest of literature throughout the ages to describe the human condition.
I live my life outside of the glitz and glamour of the red carpet events, and so you'll never see me there. I'm never at parties.
Perhaps I seek certain utopian things, space for human honour and respect, landscapes not yet offended, planets that do not exist yet, dreamed landscapes.
I think there are specific times where film noir is a natural concomitant of the mood. When there's insecurity, collapse of financial systems - that's where film noir always hits fertile ground.
Technology has a great advantage in that we are capable of creating dinosaurs and show them on the screen even though they are extinct 65 million years. All of a sudden, we have a fantastic tool that is as good as dreams are.
Film should be looked at straight on; it is not the art of scholars but of illiterates.
I like and I love everything that has to do with cinema: writing, directing, editing, creating music, and even acting.
You should bear in mind that almost all my documentaries are feature films in disguise.
I never have searched for a subject. They always just come along. They never come by way of decision-making. They just haunt me. I can't get rid of them. I did not invite them.
I have a great map of the Tibesti Mountains in the southern Sahara or Northern Chad. It's a dream of mine to go there, but it's such a volatile area, you have to be prudent.
