Australian,Director
In 1905 Albert discovered Relativity, in 1906 he invented Rock and Roll.
Find your own specific voice in filmmaking and go for it. Either people will get it or they won't and that's what it's all about.
While the eyes of the world will be on us let's show everyone that we have a great sense of humour.
We live in a time where government is not a leadership thing, it's more a business that's out there and running riot, so I guess the people have to go out there and say stuff.
Australians don't have a preconceived notion of what things have to be... we can go on a fantastic journey.
All the jokes in my films, the comedy, they're not me, I just try to hold a big mirror up to us.
It's because we are so flooded with American culture that we're startled when we see ourselves up there on the screen.
The American formula things are out there but they don't have any stories to tell - we have all the stories to tell - but they're all formula.
I don't know what it means to be out there against the Olympics.
I kind of worry about that a little bit - we lost our film culture for 30 years because the Americans came in and bought up all the cinema chains and wouldn't show any Australian films.
In a kind of a way there's a bit of that happening now so we have to be careful to preserve our culture.
Now both my films have been number one at the Australian box office and it took about two years just to get the finance for this film, so if it's hard for me then God help everyone else.
I just wanted to do this all Australian film and we didn't want to give creative control to overseas 'cause whoever comes on my sets, whether you're sweeping the floor or an actor, it doesn't matter who comes up with the ideas, it's a collaboration.
So we have to be careful because if you don't protect your culture you won't have it for very long.
You go overseas and people are oppressed and scared and worried but we're not like that... we're more like my films and how people come out at the end of seeing them - they feel good.
We cheer everyone who goes off to Hollywood and tells American stories but telling Australian stories is the greatest thing you can do.
Can you imagine what it would be like if all the Aussie film talent was able to make Australian stories?
We've got so many stories to tell, you know, we could take on the world.
If government and media and all of us in the Australian tribe got together, and the rock industry, we'd just be the greatest cultural force the world has ever seen - we're such an amazing race.
I support all Australian films.
Hollywood is horrible... it's beyond satire.
It was always easy for me. I was born very rich and lucky.
Movies are usually difficult, often insane, constantly challenging and always strangely amusing to make.
The obsession required to see a feature through from concept to release is not a rational thing to do with your brief time on this planet. Nor is it something to which an intelligent person should aspire.
Making your first feature film is actually impossible.
Then if your movie clicks with real audiences, you'll be sucked into some sort of Hollywood orbit. It's a devil of a place where the only religion that really counts is box office.
