German,Athlete
There's a famous slogan here in the Bavarian dialect, and we use it inside Bayern Munich. We say, 'Mia san mia.' Literally, it is, 'We are we,' but it means, 'We are who we are.' That's not being very arrogant, but we are very confident about our ability to win the game. It is about a winning mentality.
The Premier League is a very strong league. Chelsea, Manchester City, Arsenal, and Liverpool all have a high quality. But those who know me also know that I always want to win titles. And I think that Manchester United are a club which can win titles.
I am more mature now and know how to deal with certain situations in football. It's not all about highs; there are also lows, but I can deal with it. Football is a hard business.
I'm not a big planner; I decide by intuition.
My absolute dream would be to play for Manchester United and help them reach the goals they have.
I'm so happy that I was able to make it to 120 games for Germany; 175 games would have been possible. I've had many great moments, but particularly the way the fans supported me and the road to the final in Rio.
The English have a special sense of humour. This I immediately experienced in the dressing room. As I walked with two plates while eating, suddenly a team-mate asked me, 'Basti, what time is it?' hoping I would automatically turn my hand to look at my watch. That's quite entertaining.
I am confident. My style of play is to control a game. You have to be smart in your brain and fast.
For me, it is very important to control a situation in defence. You can always score goals, but you have to add stability in the defence.
Roy Keane and Paul Scholes were unbelievable players. You cannot compare yourself to them. It is impossible. Scholes especially, I like him a lot, and I have a lot of respect for what he did for United.
I felt within myself that I needed to change what I was doing. I needed a new stimuli. So the interest from Manchester United was a perfect fit.
I have won the most national titles as a German, so what should I do after that? Lay back and take it easy? That's not how I am.
I love standing on the pitch too much to focus on anything else - if I want to be a coach or something.
I would love to win the Champions League once again. Winning big trophies like the Champions League or the World Cup is usually making people think, 'The players are not hungry any more.' Still, that's not what I feel.
I'm not one to think of burying my head in the sand - I've always been a positive person and still am now.
