German,Athlete
It was a confusing time in my life, a really bad day at the office.
I believe that everything in life happens for a reason.
I love the winning, I can take the losing, but most of all I Love to play.
I can't change history, I don't want to change history. I can only change the future. I'm working on that.
Girls had never been important. I'd had a girlfriend or two and had liked them a lot but it wasn't love, because my first love was tennis.
A few years after my first son was born, he wanted to know how we chose his name, so I began reading him the story of Noah's Ark.
An autobiography is not about pictures; it's about the stories; it's about honesty and as much truth as you can tell without coming too close to other people's privacy.
Does anyone ask their parents how they are conceived?
For a year, I had all sorts of weirdos coming on to me.
How do you build a relationship when you've hardly shared a word but suddenly share a child? How do you love a daughter you don't see for nearly two years? When does she become your daughter? How does she become your daughter?
I'm not a God, I make mistakes.
I believed in raising my children as I had been raised.
I don't know how many millions of photographs have been taken of me.
I don't really care what the man on the street thinks. I never did anything to please him in the first place, and I'm not going to start now.
I go to London, my favourite city in the world, and I feel at home.
I go to my favourite tournament, I talk about my favourite sport and it's just a great month of parading.
I lost in the second round of the French Open and had 10 days off. I went to the Hard Rock Cafe. It was exciting to be away from my parents, to stay in a hotel. Hotels at 17 meant freedom.
I met with my lawyers. They gave me all the wrong advice. For a long time I refused to accept the child was mine. I should have met her, arranged a DNA test and accepted my responsibility.
I want to be a hero, a small and good kind of hero, even though I know heroes have very short lives.
I was in the tennis bubble. I wasn't thinking about the big picture. I didn't notice what they said on television, I wasn't reading any papers. I had a coach and a manager, and they kept me in the bubble.
If I go into a club now, all the blonde girls leave my corner and all the black girls come into my corner. It's as if I'm racist towards white girls!
It's silly to say it about a tennis player, but I'm an unbelievable hero in Germany. And Germany needs heroes more than any place.
So this is it. Match point for eternity.
That's the hard part about sport: as men we haven't started to be in our prime, but as athletes we are old people. I needed support. I lost trust and did stupid things.
The eyes of some of the fans at Davis Cup matches scare me. There's no light in them. Fixed emotions. Blind worship. Horror. It makes me think of what happened to us long ago.
The suit-and-tie job is very nice but it's not really who I am in my heart.
