German,Activist
What we have to do now is to make the public at large aware that what we're looking at is not a historical event but - and I have to be brutal and I am going to say it - a racket.
I am not saying that during the Second World War Germany did not, under the leadership of the National Socialist government, commit crimes.
I am not saying that Hitler was a choir boy. But I am saying, let him who was innocent in the Second World War cast the first stone.
They have accorded me my constitutional rights, and that is to their credit because the media hate campaign against me has been so intense and so vicious that it's a miracle that the police have taken such a professional approach.
Conquerors never, never conquer a nation to bring freedom. They brought control.
The reason why I have survived as long as I have survived is what my friends, comrades and supporters thought was an extraordinarily cautious approach.
I wore bulletproof vests, and my bodyguards had the option of having bulletproof vests - I bought five sets.
Had I been in Toronto, I would certainly have been killed in this attack. In the room where I normally sleep, the flames and the smoke and the soot is such that the gases would have killed me.
The unfortunate thing is, for the contents of the building I could not get any insurance anywhere in Canada.
Once you are a victim of a bombing, you enter a risk group to which they will not sell insurance.
And besides, I'm so in Dutch with my neighbors here that I thought that was better than getting them all upset with what might be a fake bomb scare where they'd have to clear out the whole neighborhood.
You know, many people have called me, friends from the nationalist camp, revisionists and so on, from around the world, have called me over the years - and now again because of what happened - and they are all very cynical about the police and the authorities.
The judge turned his back towards me, sitting back on his judge's chair, while I was in the witness stand being questioned. The whole courtroom was full of these anarchists, leftists, communists and Jewish lobbyists.
You cannot stoke the fires of prejudice against German people and then not find that somewhere, sometime down the road it doesn't discharge.
The trial of Ernst Zundel has gone down in Canadian history.
For an event that was wholly created in the poisonous psychological warfare kitchens of the Second World War, run by the ministries of propaganda in many countries, not just by the British or the Americans, but also the Russians and undoubtedly the world Jewish organizations.
But as a German - and I am German-born - we Germans are condemned once again to be radical revisionists.
That generation of Germans, along with volunteers from Denmark, Holland, even England and the Free India division and so on, we Europeans were alert and awake to the danger of Bolshevism.
I am, as a European, absolutely shocked by European people. I am also shocked by European nationalist people. They have allowed themselves to be so emasculated so silently.
