German,Philosopher
Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion.
The learner always begins by finding fault, but the scholar sees the positive merit in everything.
Truth in philosophy means that concept and external reality correspond.
When liberty is mentioned, we must always be careful to observe whether it is not really the assertion of private interests which is thereby designated.
Genuine tragedies in the world are not conflicts between right and wrong. They are conflicts between two rights.
The history of the world is none other than the progress of the consciousness of freedom.
Too fair to worship, too divine to love.
Once the state has been founded, there can no longer be any heroes. They come on the scene only in uncivilized conditions.
We do not need to be shoemakers to know if our shoes fit, and just as little have we any need to be professionals to acquire knowledge of matters of universal interest.
To him who looks upon the world rationally, the world in its turn presents a rational aspect. The relation is mutual.
Mere goodness can achieve little against the power of nature.
Animals are in possession of themselves; their soul is in possession of their body. But they have no right to their life, because they do not will it.
All that is real is reasonable, and all that is reasonable is real.
Education is the art of making man ethical.
I'm not ugly, but my beauty is a total creation.
Governments have never learned anything from history, or acted on principles deducted from it.
It is easier to discover a deficiency in individuals, in states, and in Providence, than to see their real import and value.
An idea is always a generalization, and generalization is a property of thinking. To generalize means to think.
Amid the pressure of great events, a general principle gives no help.
World history is a court of judgment.
Mark this well, you proud men of action! you are, after all, nothing but unconscious instruments of the men of thought.
The Few assume to be the deputies, but they are often only the despoilers of the Many.
