German,Scientist
If you are going to build something in the air it is always better to build castles than houses of cards.
Man loves company - even if it is only that of a small burning candle.
Man is a masterpiece of creation if for no other reason than that, all the weight of evidence for determinism notwithstanding, he believes he has free will.
The most dangerous untruths are truths slightly distorted.
I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.
Nothing is more conducive to peace of mind than not having any opinion at all.
If all else fails, the character of a man can be recognized by nothing so surely as by a jest which he takes badly.
Doubt must be no more than vigilance, otherwise it can become dangerous.
Even truth needs to be clad in new garments if it is to appeal to a new age.
Sickness is mankind's greatest defect.
The Greeks possessed a knowledge of human nature we seem hardly able to attain to without passing through the strengthening hibernation of a new barbarism.
He who says he hates every kind of flattery, and says it in earnest, certainly does not yet know every kind of flattery.
Just as the performance of the vilest and most wicked deeds requires spirit and talent, so even the greatest demand a certain insensitivity which under other circumstances we would call stupidity.
With prophecies the commentator is often a more important man than the prophet.
What is the good of drawing conclusions from experience? I don't deny we sometimes draw the right conclusions, but don't we just as often draw the wrong ones?
A book is a mirror: if an ape looks into it an apostle is hardly likely to look out.
With a pen in my hand I have successfully stormed bulwarks from which others armed with sword and excommunication have been repulsed.
Be wary of passing the judgment: obscure. To find something obscure poses no difficult, elephants and poodles find many things obscure.
Many things about our bodies would not seem to us so filthy and obscene if we did not have the idea of nobility in our heads.
God created man in His own image, says the Bible; philosophers reverse the process: they create God in theirs.
We accumulate our opinions at an age when our understanding is at its weakest.
We cannot remember too often that when we observe nature, and especially the ordering of nature, it is always ourselves alone we are observing.
The American who first discovered Columbus made a bad discovery.
Just as we outgrow a pair of trousers, we outgrow acquaintances, libraries, principles, etc., at times before they're worn out and times - and this is the worst of all - before we have new ones.
There is no greater impediment to progress in the sciences than the desire to see it take place too quickly.
Nothing makes one old so quickly as the ever-present thought that one is growing older.
With most people disbelief in a thing is founded on a blind belief in some other thing.
We say that someone occupies an official position, whereas it is the official position that occupies him.
A handful of soldiers is always better than a mouthful of arguments.
It is a question whether, when we break a murderer on the wheel, we do not fall into the error a child makes when it hits the chair it has bumped into.
It is almost everywhere the case that soon after it is begotten the greater part of human wisdom is laid to rest in repositories.
It is in the gift for employing all the vicissitudes of life to one's own advantage and to that of one's craft that a large part of genius consists.
There exists a species of transcendental ventriloquism by means of which men can be made to believe that something said on earth comes from Heaven.
Delight at having understood a very abstract and obscure system leads most people to believe in the truth of what it demonstrates.
What is called an acute knowledge of human nature is mostly nothing but the observer's own weaknesses reflected back from others.
There are people who possess not so much genius as a certain talent for perceiving the desires of the century, or even of the decade, before it has done so itself.
The pleasures of the imagination are as it were only drawings and models which are played with by poor people who cannot afford the real thing.
One might call habit a moral friction: something that prevents the mind from gliding over things but connects it with them and makes it hard for it to free itself from them.
To receive applause for works which do not demand all our powers hinders our advance towards a perfecting of our spirit. It usually means that thereafter we stand still.
To be content with life or to live merrily, rather all that is required is that we bestow on all things only a fleeting, superficial glance; the more thoughtful we become the more earnest we grow.
The human tendency to regard little things as important has produced very many great things.
Once we know our weaknesses they cease to do us any harm.
To grow wiser means to learn to know better and better the faults to which this instrument with which we feel and judge can be subject.
Here take back the stuff that I am, nature, knead it back into the dough of being, make of me a bush, a cloud, whatever you will, even a man, only no longer make me me.
If the little bit you have is nothing special in itself, at least find a way of saying it that is a little bit special.
The noble simplicity in the works of nature only too often originates in the noble shortsightedness of him who observes it.
If people should ever start to do only what is necessary millions would die of hunger.
Erudition can produce foliage without bearing fruit.
Man is to be found in reason, God in the passions.
