German,Poet
Communism possesses a language which every people can understand - its elements are hunger, envy, and death.
Wherever they burn books they will also, in the end, burn human beings.
Of course God will forgive me; that's His job.
Talking and eloquence are not the same: to speak and to speak well are two things. A fool may talk, but a wise man speaks.
The Wedding March always reminds me of the music played when soldiers go into battle.
There are more fools in the world than there are people.
When words leave off, music begins.
Christ rode on an ass, but now asses ride on Christ.
Sleep is lovely, death is better still, not to have been born is of course the miracle.
Matrimony; the high sea for which no compass has yet been invented.
When the heroes go off the stage, the clowns come on.
You cannot feed the hungry on statistics.
I have never seen an ass who talked like a human being, but I have met many human beings who talked like asses.
He only profits from praise who values criticism.
Music played at weddings always reminds me of the music played for soldiers before they go into battle.
True eloquence consists in saying all that is necessary, and nothing but what is necessary.
In earlier religions the spirit of the time was expressed through the individual and confirmed by miracles. In modern religions the spirit is expressed through the many and confirmed by reason.
It is extremely difficult for a Jew to be converted, for how can he bring himself to believe in the divinity of - another Jew?
Woman is at once apple and serpent.
Atheism is the last word of theism.
Human misery is too great for men to do without faith.
Whenever books are burned, men also in the end are burned.
In these times we fight for ideas and newspapers are our fortress.
Experience is a good school. But the fees are high.
If the Romans had been obliged to learn Latin, they would never have found time to conquer the world.
The fundamental evil of the world arose from the fact that the good Lord has not created money enough.
