German,Architect
For me, drawing generates thinking and vice versa.
Transparency is not the same as looking straight through a building: it's not just a physical idea, it's also an intellectual one.
Working is actually a pleasure. It's just very time-consuming. It's a way of life. I find that I can work when I travel and work when I run. There is nothing like, on a rainy day, to work.
When I think of some of my earlier work, it really seems a fortunate coincidence that I succeeded.
I think there will be a 200-story skyscraper someday. However, it will require a developer who will not think in conventional terms and for whom economic restraints won't apply.
Chinese buildings are like American buildings, with big footprints. People don't care about daylight or fresh air.
When I work, I work very hard. When I don't work, I have to do something where my endeavor can totally take me off what I do professionally, like sailing. It takes all your attention.
Success on one project does not necessarily mean success in the next project. You've got to be prepared in everything you do.
I'm just a nice and easy person.
It's my goal to make a building as immaterial as possible. Architecture is a very material thing. It takes a lot of resources, so why not eliminate what you don't need as long as you're able to achieve the same result?
You'd never think of taking a cab if you had to walk a mile down Chicago's Michigan Avenue. But in a bad city you take a cab just to go around the corner.
A building is hard to judge. It takes many years to find out whether it works. It's not as simple as asking the people in the office whether they like it.
A city building, you experience when you walk; a suburban building, you experience when you drive.
A good engineer thinks in reverse and asks himself about the stylistic consequences of the components and systems he proposes.
America has always imported history.
Creativity has more to do with the elimination of the inessential than with inventing something new.
Critics are entitled to have an opinion, but how can they judge how comfortable a building is? No critic is smart enough to judge how a building will perform over time.
Every building is a prototype. No two are alike.
For me, though, the fun is over when I get the job.
German and English firms operate internationally, while French firms do not. The only place where they all have work is in China. Anybody can sell himself in China!
Higher ceilings allow the use indirect lighting, which is much healthier and reduces glare.
I strive for an architecture from which nothing can be taken away.
I think the younger generation, the people poised to dominate the workforce, are more socially conscious. They are more demanding in terms of environment and how that environment contributes to their life.
I wanted to improve the suburban office building; to create a great urban space in a suburban environment with all that implies about interaction, collaboration and creativity.
I've never looked at a suburban building as being a minor building and an urban building as being a major building.
In Europe, architects consider themselves artists. They think they're special when they win a competition.
