German,Novelist
Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go.
Without words, without writing and without books there would be no history, there could be no concept of humanity.
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value.
One never reaches home, but wherever friendly paths intersect the whole world looks like home for a time.
Solitude is independence.
You are only afraid if you are not in harmony with yourself. People are afraid because they have never owned up to themselves.
The bird fights its way out of the egg. The egg is the world. Whoever will be born must destroy a world.
Eternity is a mere moment, just long enough for a joke.
As a body everyone is single, as a soul never.
To study history means submitting to chaos and nevertheless retaining faith in order and meaning.
When dealing with the insane, the best method is to pretend to be sane.
Those who cannot think or take responsibility for themselves need, and clamor for, a leader.
Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, be fortified by it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.
The bourgeois prefers comfort to pleasure, convenience to liberty, and a pleasant temperature to the deathly inner consuming fire.
Only the ideas that we really live have any value.
To be able to throw one's self away for the sake of a moment, to be able to sacrifice years for a woman's smile - that is happiness.
Our mind is capable of passing beyond the dividing line we have drawn for it. Beyond the pairs of opposites of which the world consists, other, new insights begin.
Words do not express thoughts very well. They always become a little different immediately after they are expressed, a little distorted, a little foolish.
It is not our purpose to become each other; it is to recognize each other, to learn to see the other and honor him for what he is.
If you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself. What isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us.
Everything becomes a little different as soon as it is spoken out loud.
The truth is lived, not taught.
Perhaps people like us cannot love. Ordinary people can - that is their secret.
Within us there is someone who knows everything, wills everything, does everything better than we ourselves.
In each individual the spirit is made flesh, in each one the whole of creation suffers, in each one a Savior is crucified.
Every man is more than just himself; he also represents the unique, the very special and always significant and remarkable point at which the world's phenomena intersect, only once in this way, and never again.
