German,Author
Our birthdays are feathers in the broad wing of time.
Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life.
The conscience of children is formed by the influences that surround them; their notions of good and evil are the result of the moral atmosphere they breathe.
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
You prove your worth with your actions, not with your mouth.
There are souls which fall from heaven like flowers, but ere they bloom are crushed under the foul tread of some brutal hoof.
Courage consists not in blindly overlooking danger, but in seeing it, and conquering it.
Sorrows gather around great souls as storms do around mountains; but, like them, they break the storm and purify the air of the plain beneath them.
There are souls in this world which have the gift of finding joy everywhere and of leaving it behind them when they go.
Like a morning dream, life becomes more and more bright the longer we live, and the reason of everything appears more clear. What has puzzled us before seems less mysterious, and the crooked paths look straighter as we approach the end.
For sleep, riches and health to be truly enjoyed, they must be interrupted.
Every friend is to the other a sun, and a sunflower also. He attracts and follows.
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm.
It is simpler and easier to flatter people than to praise them.
Sorrows are like thunderclouds, in the distance they look black, over our heads scarcely gray.
Recollection is the only paradise from which we cannot be turned out.
Age does not matter if the matter does not age.
The miracle on earth are the laws of heaven.
Because the heart beats under a covering of hair, of fur, feathers, or wings, it is, for that reason, to be of no account?
Only actions give life strength; only moderation gives it charm.
Poverty is the only load which is the heavier the more loved ones there are to assist in bearing it.
Men, like bullets, go farthest when they are smoothest.
Variety of mere nothings gives more pleasure than uniformity of something.
Every man has a rainy corner of his life whence comes foul weather which follows him.
Never part without loving words to think of during your absence. It may be that you will not meet again in this life.
A man never discloses his own character so clearly as when he describes anothers.
