German,Businessman
Sustainability is no longer about doing less harm. It's about doing more good.
Be curious enough to keep an open mind to what's happening around you in society. You can look at yourself and the world at the same time.
If we bring together the right people, communities can flourish and wildlife can survive alongside them.
Walking out into the bush still feels the same as when I first came to Kenya in 1989, on the day the Berlin Wall came down.
Puma is a brand deeply rooted in sporting lifestyle.
We allow people to be creative. We set a direction, we set the vision, we set the strategy, but within that framework, we allow our people to be as creative as they want to be.
We should bring in an environmental attitude, and I think luxury should automatically be about sustainability and quality.
Unless the local community signs up, wildlife won't survive. And without wildlife, no one will visit.
If you look at the state of our planet, the next generations won't be around if we consider sustainability as a gimmick.
Every time a new CEO came, I got a promotion till I was made CEO myself.
Some of the greatest stars in the history of football have been under contract with Puma.
The problem is you can't wear your old shoes too often because people say, 'You're still wearing that shoe?'
I haven't been hunting for years. It is just a tradition I grew up with.
When you are small, and you have to try and prove yourself, it is tough. When others are catching up and copy you, that's tough. We constantly need to change ourselves to stay ahead of the game.
Everything is interconnected. The moment you take philosophy, psychology, religion and business and look at the underlying commonalities, that's when you start looking at business in a different way.
I always wanted to be a medical doctor, and I never thought of business.
I'm a virtual worker. I'm not tied to an office.
I believe in metaphysics. I don't believe in God because I think that is a human simplification of the things we can't explain. But I believe in a greater universe.
Business needs to push the agenda rather than waiting for it to happen.
The B Team can catalyse initiatives.
We should eat less meat - all of us - and we should use less leather. I mean, that's reality.
We all know that cattle and beef are among the biggest contributors to carbon emissions.
It may sound crazy, but maybe there's an economic way of producing a leather-like product in the laboratory.
We have to find alternative ways of producing our raw materials without asking nature to do it for us.
Being able to dedicate 100 per cent of my time to impacting more businesses without being operational, it just gives me a bigger platform.
When it came to the discussion about would Harley do an electric bike, I said, 'Absolutely - this is a no-brainer.' Let's define the sound of the future.
I believe in 'business has a force for good.' You know, business has an impact on society. Of course, it creates jobs. It creates prosperity, but on the other hand, we also leave a negative footprint behind.
The old way of doing 'good business' was based on the principle, 'the ends justifies the means.' In the future, good business will invoke 'the means justifying the ends.' The E P&L can already serve as an important tool to help this shift in commerce from generating profits with collateral damages to profits with collateral benefits.
I'm trying to go beyond the traditional cliches of an African safari.
It's shocking to think about how little the travel industry cares about sustainability - and it's the basis of their business!
We need to engage rather than educate people.
In Africa, you can make three acres sustainable relatively easily, but 50,000 acres? It's not about picking up towels or sleeping in a tent.
I could have bought a pristine part of Tanzania. But I saw a beautiful mountain, game that could come back, and country that could be rich again.
I'm building Segera to promote a different way of doing tourism.
Resources are being destroyed, and if you don't have resources, you can't do business.
Looking at Mount Kenya in the morning is a holistic experience. I go back at least once a year.
We're trying to find a tourism model that allows communities to thrive while business prospers.
Fashion is a logical place to start to raise awareness for sustainable causes.
Let's recreate the equivalent of the Met Ball in Europe and, rather than for the museum, give the money to environmental causes.
