German,Philosopher
Let the ruling classes tremble at a communist revolution. The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains. They have a world to win. Workingmen of all countries, unite!
History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce.
The production of too many useful things results in too many useless people.
Social progress can be measured by the social position of the female sex.
Democracy is the road to socialism.
The theory of Communism may be summed up in one sentence: Abolish all private property.
From each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs.
The rich will do anything for the poor but get off their backs.
Reason has always existed, but not always in a reasonable form.
Nothing can have value without being an object of utility.
Workers of the world unite; you have nothing to lose but your chains.
Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people.
The only antidote to mental suffering is physical pain.
The meaning of peace is the absence of opposition to socialism.
Religion is the opium of the masses.
Capitalist production, therefore, develops technology, and the combining together of various processes into a social whole, only by sapping the original sources of all wealth - the soil and the labourer.
Society does not consist of individuals but expresses the sum of interrelations, the relations within which these individuals stand.
The ruling ideas of each age have ever been the ideas of its ruling class.
Religion is the impotence of the human mind to deal with occurrences it cannot understand.
If anything is certain, it is that I myself am not a Marxist.
The first requisite for the happiness of the people is the abolition of religion.
The history of all previous societies has been the history of class struggles.
Capital is dead labor, which, vampire-like, lives only by sucking living labor, and lives the more, the more labor it sucks.
Medicine heals doubts as well as diseases.
Revolutions are the locomotives of history.
History does nothing; it does not possess immense riches, it does not fight battles. It is men, real, living, who do all this.
The English have all the material requisites for the revolution. What they lack is the spirit of generalization and revolutionary ardour.
The writer may very well serve a movement of history as its mouthpiece, but he cannot of course create it.
The product of mental labor - science - always stands far below its value, because the labor-time necessary to reproduce it has no relation at all to the labor-time required for its original production.
Greek philosophy seems to have met with something with which a good tragedy is not supposed to meet, namely, a dull ending.
It is not history which uses men as a means of achieving - as if it were an individual person - its own ends. History is nothing but the activity of men in pursuit of their ends.
Without doubt, machinery has greatly increased the number of well-to-do idlers.
It is absolutely impossible to transcend the laws of nature. What can change in historically different circumstances is only the form in which these laws expose themselves.
