German,Designer
Black-and-white always looks modern, whatever that word means.
When I was a child I asked my mother what homosexuality was about and she said - and this was 100 years ago in Germany and she was very open-minded - 'It's like hair color. It's nothing. Some people are blond and some people have dark hair. It's not a subject.' This was a very healthy attitude.
I never look at my watch when I'm sketching!
I'm born with a pencil in my hand. I did lots of sketching.
I'm a working-class person, working with class.
Beauty is also submitted to the taste of time, so a beautiful woman from the Belle Epoch is not exactly the perfect beauty of today, so beauty is something that changes with time.
I'm totally myself.
Yes, some people say to me you're too skinny, but never a skinny person says that to me, only people who could lose a few pounds say that.
Vanity is the healthiest thing in life.
What I love best in life is new starts.
In a meat-eating world, wearing leather for shoes and clothes and even handbags, the discussion of fur is childish.
Don't dress to kill, dress to survive.
What I hate is nasty, ugly people.
But if I have a lot of imagination, I could tell myself whatever I wanted, you know. I handle myself quite well. I'm kind of fascist with myself, you know. There's no discussion. There is an order. You follow it.
I think tattoos are horrible. It's like living in a Pucci dress full-time.
I like the discipline of well-cut, impeccable clothes. I think it's a very healthy discipline.
I can do whatever I want.
A collection is not just one basic idea. It comes from something that is in the air, something you suddenly like and put down on paper and then work out.
I always loved advertising. If I hadn't been in fashion, I'd have been in advertising.
I don't know what 'normal' means, anyway.
I have moved to a smaller house in Paris, and I don't fancy having so much staff now.
Bling is over. Red carpet covered with rhinestones is out. I call it 'the new modesty.'
There will be gay couples; it will exist. It is not very nice that people who are married - who divorce in three seconds - don't want protection for the others. The legal system should protect everyone, not just the few people who think they are above everybody else because they are married.
I wanted to become a cartoon artist, a portrait artist, and an illustrator. This was my first idea.
I never smoked. I never drank and I never took drugs. The funny thing is, nothing is more boring, people like this. For me, it's OK. But most of my friends, at least they smoke and drink.
I'm not a marketing person. I don't ask myself questions. I go by instinct.
For me, New York is comfortable, not strange.
I make such big efforts to forget things and I can't tell the story of my life because, thank God, I'm still living it.
My childhood was endless - from eight to 18 felt like hundreds of years.
People like me were supposed to be into exclusivity, unapproachable. That's what I hate most. I think it's very demode.
The iPod completely changed the way people approach music.
Stupidly it should not be. It should be also nice. One must get along with that. Is however not necessary.
I had nearly finished school because I was making effort not that bad on that. But there was a law in Germany after the war. You could not make your final examination before 18, so lots of people who were late because of the way had to do it first.
I have now exactly the same weight I had when I was 18, 20.
I never - you know also one of the things that would save me for a man my age, it was not that easy to lose that much weight and fall down and look like something draped.
If there's something dangerous, sauces are dangerous for the body.
It's only I have seen enough of it and the funny thing is now, I know that I'm skinny, because I know there are even smaller clothes in the store. I think I'm big, when I was big, I never thought about it.
My favorite kitchen was the Japanese and the Italian kitchen.
No, I'm not a French designer either. I'm from nowhere. I'm a European, old European is all I am.
No. I mean those people really did something for designers I don't think department stores can, could or should do still today. Today the world is different so you have to make it differently. There's TV. There's a lot of things.
Yes, and I can sit down on a white piece of paper and work because I don't believe too much into inspiration, only I'm waiting for inspiration, work and then inspiration may come. It's a little too easy to say that.
I prefer to be in a video than to play with it.
I never played with anything like toys.
I can hardly eat meat because it has to look like something what it was not when it was alive.
In France there are, I think, less than one per cent of people who are too skinny.
Personally, I don't wear fur.
T-shirts for ten dollars are even more fashion today than expensive fashion.
I don't want to look sloppy, because then I feel sloppy.
Who buys French cars? Not me.
Foreigners don't want to invest any more in France - and this is not working.
I don't speak Spanish, I speak a little of Italian but no Spanish.
I don't care if people I admire criticize me because their opinion is valuable to me.
There are so many people in the world who cannot read English or French or whatever.
I never go anywhere. I do sketches and make phone calls, and people visit. It's more fun to come to Paris.
I wanted to become an illustrator as a child.
I sleep seven hours. If I go to bed at two, I wake up at nine. If I go to bed at midnight, I wake up at seven. I don't wake up before - the house can fall apart, but I sleep for seven hours.
I never drink anything hot; I don't like hot drinks, very strange.
I drink Diet Coke from the minute I get up to the minute I go to bed.
No, I never thought I would like cats.
I love dogs, but dogs, you have to be in the country with dogs. I cannot walk a dog on the street.
My opinion can be completely different after a show.
I've done many ads because that's my new career. It's an inspiring extension for my mind.
People can drink with their eyes; I can eat with my nose.
I'm kind of fascist with myself, you know.
I think for my bones and my size, I better stay with my 60 kilo.
I have my permanent muses and my muses of the moment.
You have to like the present; if not your life becomes secondhand, if you think it was better before. Or that it will be better in the future.
I'm not a fortune-teller.
I'm an iPod person.
I like to do things quickly because I'm easily bored.
I don't do meetings.
I love to watch times change!
I am never satisfied with myself and that is what keeps me going - I have no post-satisfaction.
The story with anorexic girls - nobody works with anorexic girls. That has nothing to do with fashion.
I can tell you all kinds of moral tales, but fashion and reality are vaguely different.
Why should I stop working? If I do, I'll die and it'll all be finished.
There's something boring about people who have to go to an office for a living.
I'm lucky to work in the most perfect of conditions.
Work is making a living out of being bored.
I do my job like I breathe.
I eat next to nothing.
I can no longer walk in the street. That's over.
I'm German in my mind, but from a Germany that doesn't exist any more.
I don't want to be on the Internet.
I never fall in love.
I think it's horrible that people have to be told. Don't smoke! Everybody knows it's bad for the health. But they have to forbid it.
Don't overact the story of your name. Overact the story of your work.
Greece needs to work on a cleaner image. It's a big problem, as they have this reputation of being so corrupt.
Fortunately there is more wealth in the world than there was at the time of the global economic crisis of 1929 - Chinese, Indian, Arab and Russian.
If I were a woman, I would love to have lots of kids. But for men, I don't believe in it.
I have more friends in New York than Paris.
I didn't play with other children.
I hardly went to school.
My job is to bring out in people what they wouldn't dare do themselves.
I would like to be a one-man multinational fashion phenomenon.
The way I talk is bizarre.
My mother did not like children.
You cannot be creative with people around you.
Everything I say is a joke. I am a joke myself.
My hair is not really white; it's kind of grayish, and I don't like the color. So I make it totally white with Klorane dry shampoo. That is the best thing to do because my hair is always clean.
I hated to be treated as a child. I thought it was the worst situation.
I've only wanted paper and beautiful colors. It was my dream, and it still is my dream. And books. They're all I need, and the rest I can do without.
I'm all self-taught. I never had a teacher. Even for English, and French, and German, I hardly went to school.
Pfft, I hate Christmas Day. It's for children and families. Not for people like me.
I'm always relaxed.
I don't have any stress. I'm very lucky. I live a very healthy life.
I don't eat bubble gum, but I like the smell.
