German,Philosopher
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough.
What we plant in the soil of contemplation, we shall reap in the harvest of action.
The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake.
A human being has so many skins inside, covering the depths of the heart. We know so many things, but we don't know ourselves! Why, thirty or forty skins or hides, as thick and hard as an ox's or bear's, cover the soul. Go into your own ground and learn to know yourself there.
You may call God love, you may call God goodness. But the best name for God is compassion.
What a man takes in by contemplation, that he pours out in love.
God expects but one thing of you, and that is that you should come out of yourself in so far as you are a created being made and let God be God in you.
The eye with which I see God is the same eye with which God sees me.
The knower and the known are one. Simple people imagine that they should see God as if he stood there and they here. This is not so. God and I, we are one in knowledge.
The more we have the less we own.
Truly, it is in darkness that one finds the light, so when we are in sorrow, then this light is nearest of all to us.
There exists only the present instant... a Now which always and without end is itself new. There is no yesterday nor any tomorrow, but only Now, as it was a thousand years ago and as it will be a thousand years hence.
To be full of things is to be empty of God. To be empty of things is to be full of God.
God is at home, it's we who have gone out for a walk.
Only the hand that erases can write the true thing.
Man goes far away or near but God never goes far-off; he is always standing close at hand, and even if he cannot stay within he goes no further than the door.
All God wants of man is a peaceful heart.
We are celebrating the feast of the Eternal Birth which God the Father has borne and never ceases to bear in all eternity... But if it takes not place in me, what avails it? Everything lies in this, that it should take place in me.
He who would be serene and pure needs but one thing, detachment.
When you are thwarted, it is your own attitude that is out of order.
If God gave the soul his whole creation she would not be filled thereby but only with himself.
Do exactly what you would do if you felt most secure.
The outward man is the swinging door; the inner man is the still hinge.
The outward work will never be puny if the inward work is great.
Every creature is a word of God.
A just person is one who is conformed and transformed into justice.
