German,Celebrity
Once something is a passion, the motivation is there.
When you start out in a team, you have to get the teamwork going and then you get something back.
You win a race, the next race it's a question mark. Are you still the best or not? That's what is funny. But that's what is interesting. And that's what is challenging. You have to prove yourself every time.
I retired simply because I didn't have the passion and motivation anymore; I was tired. At the time I thought, 'Well, I had a great time, there is the end.' At some moment, there is the right time to call it an end.
If you're lucky enough to be famous, then it's great if you can use your fame and the power your fame gives you to draw attention to things that really matter.
I'm not very comfortable with what people sometimes say or think about me - things I don't feel responsible for.
You try to hide your emotions, so as not to show weaknesses to others. I believe it's the same for every sportsman.
I always thought records were there to be broken.
If you do things to the limit, and don't purposely go over that limit, then I think it's fine to do whatever you want. So long as you enjoy it. That's what's important.
In sport there is never any moment that is the same as the other. I have been in Formula One for 12 years, and out of that I had one year with the perfect car.
My kids are not known, and I think that is very important. So far they have lived a normal life, and will continue to do so. I feel they should have the possibility to live a free life without the burden of fame I have created.
I hate to take compromises with a racing car. The more standard a car is, the more compromises you have to take.
Your ups and downs in sports, I think they are as normal as daily life: One day you wake up and feel great, the next day you wake up and feel maybe less great.
I like working in a team, and at Ferrari there is always good cooperation.
You arrive at Formula One being very skeptical, how far can your talent deal with all this, and then you understand those guys are human and pretty reasonable, and finally succeeding in winning your first race, in circumstance as such, it was just an amazing moment.
People get excited around me and behave differently than they would normally. I don't feel different from anyone else, except that I drive a racing car round in circles faster than somebody else.
Those who have come into Formula One without experiencing cars devoid of electronic aids will find it tough. To control 800 horse power relying just on arm muscles and foot sensitivity can turn out to be a dangerous exercise.
The more precisely I can drive, the more I enjoy myself.
I have to say it's been tough to leave the Ferrari family, which has been a big part of my career.
When you are part of a community for 14 years, it inevitably shapes you. I will always have a part of Ferrari beside me; a part of my heart will always be red.
I like to share my life, and spend time with someone I love. That has worked 100 per cent with my wife.
I will do everything I can to bring the Number One to Ferrari. The whole team and all the fans deserve it.
Somehow I have managed to delay looking old. In reality I have good genes.
I have been in Formula One for 12 years, and out of that I had one year with the perfect car.
If you look right from the beginning of the season I've been very competitive.
Let's put it this way, I like number seven.
