German,Driver
I don't care too much what happened in the past. I prefer to focus on what is coming next and I am really looking forward to it.
Sometimes you need to press pause to let everything sink in.
If the boat started shaking, we stayed on course and didn't lose focus. That made the difference.
There are some things that you can fulfil with money, but at the end of the day these are not the things that make you happy. It is the small things that make life good.
You can't change what happened. But you can still change what will happen.
As a driver, your target is always to be with the most competitive team possible.
Qualifying is all about putting everything that you have and that the car has in one lap. It's like a rush, I really enjoy that.
Motorsport is very expensive. No one cares if you had a good season two years ago and then you have an injury. It is a very dodgy investment.
I don't care what other people think as long as I am happy. The day I die or retire, I have blown all my chances because I don't have the chance any more to change my image as an F1 driver.
Generally I don't care about what people say. I have to be clear with myself. When everything goes well, people celebrate you, when you make mistakes people criticize you.
You can't always say what you'd like to say.
There are a few things that make me angry. Mostly things not going my way.
It was an unbelievable experience! The brakes, the g-forces and the power of the engine are beyond description. Thanks to BMW and WilliamsF1 for giving me this chance to test. The test team looked after me brilliantly and I learnt plenty.
You're traveling all over the world but to be home is something special.
Simply racing a Formula 1 car is an achievement.
Teams like Ferrari, McLaren and Mercedes are going to be very, very motivated to go for the titles.
I put everything in that last lap, it was very emotional when I crossed the line. It was all I had, I gave it all.
It's a tricky place, especially the last sector. I wasn't happy in practice. I wasn't happy with the car and I wasn't happy with myself. But I always thought there was more in the car.
I remember my first test in F1. After five laps, I came back to the pits and tried to play it cool - 'Oh yeah, I'm fine, I'm on top of this' - but I was completely lost.
Driving at high speed where safe and legal is part of my life. As well as a higher top speed I wanted even better stability in my FX and that meant work on the aerodynamics.
I was quite emotional when I finished my lap, but had to wait for other drivers to cross the line to hear whether I'd actually done it. It feels very special, but I acknowledge that the old master, Nigel Mansell, took his 14 poles from only 16 races.
If you are out in two races and someone else has a good couple of races, it could change. So all we do is try to get the optimum every time.
When I went into the last lap I was regretting a bit that it was over. I was enjoying again the first sector for the last time. Simply fantastic this circuit, and if you get 53 laps more, you appreciate it even more. It's made by God's hands.
All in all it was a smooth race, the car was very well balanced. I'm very proud to be the first winner here in India.
The track in Abu Dhabi is special; this will be our third Grand Prix there.
There is no secret, once we go to qualifying, we all seem to enjoy it. Qualifying is all about putting everything that you have and that the car has in one lap. It's like a rush, I really enjoy that.
