German,Scientist
Education should learn from the positive side of gaming - reward, accomplishment, and fun.
It's important to celebrate your failures as much as your successes. If you celebrate your failures really well, and if you get to the motto and say, 'Wow, I failed, I tried, I was wrong, I learned something,' then you realize you have no fear, and when your fear goes away, you can move the world.
To me, mathematics, computer science, and the arts are insanely related. They're all creative expressions.
It's sad that we never get trained to leave assumptions behind.
I always love to be careful with my expectations so that life has pleasant surprises for me.
At the end of the day, the true value proposition of education is employment.
Mercedes does beautiful work, absolutely.
Most rules that you think are written in stone are just societal. You can change the game and really reach for the stars and make the world a better place.
This is the age of disruption.
I ultimately got into robotics because for me, it was the best way to study intelligence.
Nobody phrases it this way, but I think that artificial intelligence is almost a humanities discipline. It's really an attempt to understand human intelligence and human cognition.
Honestly, the average American spends about 52 minutes a day in commute traffic. And as much as I love driving my car and many people like driving their car, commuting has never been fun for me.
I care about education for everyone, not just the elite.
Innovation means change.
You could get an entire computer science education for free right now.
The individualization of learning fundamentally redefines the role of assessment.
There are a lot of old-fashioned things we perpetuate that come from a world that's not digital, not interactive, and not online, and we try to retain it.
Almost all accidents take place because of human distraction.
Machine learning is the science of getting computers to learn without being explicitly programmed.
People complain about the rich-and-poor divide. It's crazy, no doubt about it. But what gets me is that today, a billionaire or head of state on their smartphone has the same direct access to information as a homeless person has on a smartphone - or a person in Bangladesh or Papua New Guinea.
I have a strong disrespect for authority and for rules. Including gravity. Gravity sucks.
The Jetsons had them in the 1960s. They were the defining element of 'Knight Rider' in the 1980s: cars that drive themselves. Self-driving cars appear in countless science fiction movies. By Hollywood standards, they are so normal we don't even notice them. But in real life, they still don't exist. What if you could buy one today?
There will be no more one-size-fits-all. Education will respond to you.
We humans usually feel that we are the best at everything we do, that we can safely drive ourselves. But tens of thousands of people die every year. We need to be open to having technology assist us, to find ways in which technology makes us safer.
You can't change the world without a certain amount of healthy willingness to break the rules.
The idea of 'interview-less hiring' is new and a trend we will see in the changing global job market.
I learned to basically pull my own weight, just do my own thing. I spent a lot of time alone and I loved it. It was actually really great because to the present day I love spending time alone. I go bicycling alone, go climbing alone and I just love being with myself and observing myself and learning something.
I have been spending the better part of my professional life trying to create self-driving cars. At Google, I am working with a world-class team of engineers to turn science fiction into reality.
Self-driving cars will enable car-sharing even in spread-out suburbs. A car will come to you just when you need it. And when you are done with it, the car will just drive away, so you won't even have to look for parking.
I'm really looking forward to a time when generations after us look back and say how ridiculous it was that humans were driving cars.
It's a no-brainer for me that at some point our cars will have the ability to drive themselves.
I've developed my passion for cars that drive themselves from being stuck in traffic for many, many, many hours of my life. I don't know what it adds up to, but I feel like I've lost a year or two just in traffic. That's big to me. That's a lot of time, a lot of money that I just lose on the road.
As a child, I spent a lot of time with things like Lego, building trains, cars, complex structures, and I really liked that.
If you focus on the single question of who knows best what students need in the workforce, it's the people already in the workforce. Why not give industry a voice?
In my son's kindergarten, they're telling us how to get him into Stanford. By their advice, I'm doing everything wrong, because I'm trying to make him happy rather than putting him through as many piano lessons as possible.
You have to understand that teaching online is different, just like movies are different from the stage and TV is different from radio.
I am particularly surprised that certain outlets look at pass rates irrespective of student population. As if inner city high school kids are to fare as well as college students.
Even as a college professor at Carnegie Mellon and Stanford, I saw myself as an entrepreneur, and I went out, took risks, and tried to invent new things, such as participating in the DARPA Grand Challenge and working on self-driving cars.
I used to tell my graduate students at Stanford, 'Don't worry about what job you have to pick because your job picks you. Let your job pick you. Find something you are passionate about. Then when you are passionate, be persistent. Just keep doing it for a while because progress is always hard work. It never rests in ideas.'
You are going to fail, and failing, for me, is as joyful as succeeding. Failing means that there is something to learn, and we can improve and do it better next time.
I always felt that if countries knew each other better, there would be less war. Often, conflict goes with demonizing other countries and cultures.
Technology is synonymous for connection with other people.
We don't look at problems logically, we look at them emotionally. We look at them through the guts. We look at them as if we're doing a high school problem, like what is beautiful, what makes me recognized among my peers. We don't go and think about things. We, as a society, don't wish to engage in rational thought.
Giving education away for free is a really good idea, but it can't be the future of education. There has to be a business model around it that actually works.
I'd really love to see a business model for higher education going forward that is actually affordable, that uses modern technology to reach scale and quality and that really reimburses the services rendered in a way that's meaningful to everybody.
I really believe that we have to work hard to make online education better and better, and eventually it's going to be really great. But like most of these things, it takes time to improve, to understand and to make things really good.
Education used to be a slice of life, something you did as a child through college, and then spent the rest of your life working, and then death. Everything is about to change. I believe education will become something that fits seamlessly into life, and we will take big clunky things like degrees and college and fit them into a weekend.
We need to make education so much fun that students can't help but learn.
I find it amazingly easy to take something, if you really believe in it, and turn it to reality.
If you look at the ability of a self-driving car to stay in the lane and not to speed and keep a good distance to the car in front of you, it actually does better than me.
Online education that leaves almost everybody behind except for highly motivated students, to me, can't be a viable path to education.
I feel every technology can be abused, but fundamentally we put new technologies into the service of humanity.
I don't think we will put higher-ed out of business. I think we'll evolve it. More access, higher quality, lower costs, more global reach.
I believe e-courses will eventually change people's attitude toward learning. Education will play an increasingly dominant role in people's lives. For people of all ages and all geographies.
I'd aspired to give people a profound education - to teach them something substantial. But the data was at odds with this idea.
I feel like everyone has this competitive instinct.
You can learn for your own sake, and that's fine, but if you come to Udacity, you learn because you want someone else to understand what you learned.
I like to put myself in the most uncomfortable position.
What I see is democratizing education will change everything.
I can give my love of learning to other people.
Top notch Indian employers such as Flipkart have hired Udacity Nanodegree graduates based solely on their performance in our programme, without any in-person interview.
I have learned, if you give a team a budget, then the team tries to maximise the budget so that they get the same next year.
I literally worked at research labs where the staff really tried to steer management away from the modern technology that was actually better.
Elite colleges like Stanford are extremely inaccessible. They're failing in their mission to provide access.
Corporate America is drowning in meetings. To make one thing clear, I am not against communication. Quick one-on-ones can be extremely effective. I am talking about those hour-long recurring meetings, devoid of a clear agenda, and attended by many. I dread them.
Horizontal meetings are team or project meetings, set up to coordinate individual activities. When I worked in a large tech company, those meetings just popped up in my calendar by the dozen.
There is a simple fix to our excessive meeting culture, but it is not easy to implement. It's one of these things that are easy to say but hard to do. The fix is: abandon all recurring meetings. I am serious. All!
In the field of higher ed, many have asked whether (or when) digital education will replace on-campus education. I wonder the opposite. Cinema never replaced theatre. TV didn't replace radio. I wonder how different digital education will be from classrooms, and where it will lead us.
With any new medium, the full power is only unearthed with experimentation.
I was a popular professor. My teaching ratings were usually good. I could take complicated subjects and explain them in an entertaining way.
You don't lose weight by watching someone else exercise. You don't learn by watching someone else solve problems. It became clear to me that the only way to do online learning effectively is to have students solve problems.
I love to throw myself into situations where I don't understand everything yet.
We're now at this place where we can make the evolution of academic content match the evolution of the world.
I am a really impatient person who wants to see many issues fixed with solutions that don't yet exist.
We should have lifelong monitoring of our vital signs that predict things like skin or pancreatic cancer so we can eradicate it. We should have personalized medicine; there's a huge amount of innovation possible.
Call me an optimist, but in the past 300 years we have built amazing technologies which - by and large - have advanced humanity.
There is enormous value in face to face interaction.
Outside the U.S., most data plans have a data limit.
Can we text twice as much while driving, without the guilt? Yes, we can, if only cars will drive themselves.
Safety has been paramount for the Google self-driving car team from the very beginning.
My take is that A.I. is taking over. A few humans might still be 'in charge,' but less and less so.
As a college student, what really interested me was the human brain and human intelligence.
When you program a robot to be intelligent, you learn a number of things. You become very humble and develop enormous respect for natural intelligence because, even if you work day and night for several years, your robot isn't that smart after all.
Most cars are parked at any point in time; my estimate is that I use my car about three percent of the time.
The last thing I want my robot to be is sarcastic. I want them to be pragmatic and reliable - just like my dishwasher.
We could live in a much better society if there was less personal car ownership.
There are already robotic journalists. Sure, they aren't very good, but they're getting better faster than human journalists are.
It's my dream to make learning as addictive as a video game.
The teachers I know are extremely dedicated people.
I've always believed that human learning is the result of relatively simple rules combined with massive amounts of hardware and massive amounts of data.
The 99 percent should be protesting college campuses.
Less than one percent of U.S. college students attend Ivy League schools, and these students don't necessarily reflect the world's brightest and most capable thought leaders but, rather, the people who've been afforded the most opportunities to succeed.
The bar to get entry into the labour force is rising faster than people expected, and the ability to stay there is falling.
We don't live in a world where any job lasts forever.
You could claim that moving from pixelated perception, where the robot looks at sensor data, to understanding and predicting the environment is a Holy Grail of artificial intelligence.
Millions of Americans are denied the privilege of driving on health grounds.
Perhaps we can get to the point where we can outsource our own personal experiences entirely into a computer - and possibly our own personality.
Almost everything interesting hasn't been invented yet.
I had been an academic all my life. As academics, you tend to believe the smartest people are in academia.
Obviously, a lot of non-profits live on donations, and that's a wonderful thing. But higher education can't exist on donations only because, if that were the case, we would have a hard time paying teachers adequate salaries.
There's a lot to be learned about how digital media, the ability to reach anybody any time, really transforms the peer interaction experience in education at large.
At Udacity, we always strive to make things better and learn from our mistakes.
There are few moments in my life where I really remember what I was doing.
I envision a future without traffic accidents or congestion. A future where everyone can use a car.
Do you know that driving accidents are the number one cause of death for young people?
