German,Clergyman
Purity and simplicity are the two wings with which man soars above the earth and all temporary nature.
Without the way, there is no going; without the truth, there is no knowing; without the life, there is no living.
The loftier the building, the deeper must the foundation be laid.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
He who loves with purity considers not the gift of the lover, but the love of the giver.
Great tranquility of heart is his who cares for neither praise nor blame.
A humble knowledge of thyself is a surer way to God than a deep search after learning.
We usually know what we can do, but temptation shows us who we are.
How seldom we weigh our neighbor in the same balance with ourselves.
Love feels no burden, thinks nothing of trouble, attempts what is above its strength, pleads no excuse of impossibility; for it thinks all things lawful for itself, and all things possible.
Activate yourself to duty by remembering your position, who you are, and what you have obliged yourself to be.
Occasions do not make a man either strong or weak but they show what he is.
But because many endeavor to get knowledge rather than to live well, they are often deceived and reap little or no benefit from their labor.
At the Day of Judgment, we shall not be asked what we have read, but what we have done.
Be assured that if you knew all, you would pardon all.
How quickly passes away the glory of this world.
Who has a harder fight than he who is striving to overcome himself.
Remember that lost time does not return.
Of two evils, the less is always to be chosen.
First keep peace with yourself, then you can also bring peace to others.
If you cannot mould yourself entirely as you would wish, how can you expect other people to be entirely to your liking?
The only safe ruler is he who has learned to obey willingly.
Wait for the Lord. Behave yourself manfully, and be of good courage. Do not be faithless, but stay in your place and do not turn back.
Bear the Cross cheerfully and it will bear you.
I would far rather feel remorse than know how to define it.
Out of sight, out of mind. The absent are always in the wrong.
