German,Director
I think video games are a great kind of entertainment. They have replaced a lot of games people normally play with their friends and neighbours, like Monopoly.
In the Seventies, a lot of executions via electric chair failed because of technical problems. Seed tells the true story of someone who survived and sought revenge. They buried him alive to make it seem he was dead.
We work very cost effective and I sell my movies in 100 territories on my own.
Interview with a Vampire was lots of sex, so I'm not sure.
Slater's a big star and he's been in the business a long time. He's always in a good mood and easygoing but he takes his character very seriously.
Take the hardcore gamers. The characters are way more real in the world of hardcore gamers who have played the game for hundreds of hours. They have the movie in their heads, they've built it on their own. These guys are always very disappointed in the movies.
Homer is the nice side of Al Bundy with the same intellect. I really like him and Al Bundy.
I boxed 15 years in a club.
If people hate me they hate me.
I produce for a low price and I sell it on my own to 80 countries.
A movie like House of the Dead with around $7 million budget or Alone in the Dark with around $16 million budget are much easier to make profit than the typical $50 million major motion picture.
Now while the German money is over for Hollywood, I still have $80 million to make movies, and we will have two things coming up: less major movies and the price for actors will go down.
Actors don't have real value.
Agents are still asking for millions of dollars for actors that don't sell one ticket.
So if I get these actors for 30% of their price by coming in so late with an offer when they know they are not getting another offer then I do it this way.
In The Name of the King is the right title. To be honest, I don't know who had the final idea for the title but I liked it and it has a strong connection to the movie's story.
Heart of America is a movie I'm very proud of. The young actors are great and the story has impact.
We thought about it, what we want to tell, and I didn't want to move it directly into the Nazi times. I thought it's much more interesting to see how BloodRayne became BloodRayne.
I think the Matrix effect is over-used and I don't do it anymore.
House was the first film where I had no influence on the script. I had to buy the script with the game rights.
Alone is a much better film than House of the Dead and better than most horror movies out today.
I play PC and Xbox games at home, and I just got a PSP as a birthday present.
My favourite game is Postal because it is so politically incorrect.
I think Alone in the Dark was too much an action creature movie than a horror creature movie.
So if you want to have a great video game-based movie you have to keep the mood of the game, use the normal character setup - but you have to flesh out the story and provide more background for the characters.
