American,Critic
When I do the street stuff, primarily it's jocular. But we've also gone and done serious packages at steel plants or in the inner city.
Open borders drive wages down for the black community.
I think politics is extremely funny in and of itself.
Vermont's a very liberal state.
Drifters are people, too.
Hillary Clinton needs the single ladies' vote. I call them 'The Beyonce Voters' - the single ladies.
I say this to everybody: 'Watters World' makes you laugh, and then 'Watters World' makes you cry, because it is shocking, and even I myself am still shocked at some of the answers when I go out.
I think it's just funny, the things that come out of people's mouths, whether it's a politician, whether it's an average person on the street - and to be honest with you, sometimes these politicians sound like average people on the street.
I think political correctness has taken over this country.
I think the 'New York Times' would rather be offended than dead.
If America vetted Muslim immigrants as toughly as the 'New York Times' vets Donald Trump, this would be a safe country.
Honestly, if they were Christian refugees coming in, I think the Obama administration would vet them a little more toughly.
The 'New York Times' undertakes extreme vetting against Republicans every single day.
When I'm in studio, we cover the news. But no one says the news has to be boring.
Biden's about as disciplined as a puppy, OK?
We don't like it when the president doesn't even say 'Islamic terror.' It's very disturbing.
If you're a black conservative and you criticize the black community, you're an Uncle Tom. If you're a white conservative and you criticize the black community, you're somehow a racist.
I think there are two different types of people in television. There are people who can turn it on like a switch when the cameras go on, and then, when the cameras go off, they kind of lower it down a little bit. And then there are people who are on all the time, no matter if the cameras are there or not.
Trump strikes me as the kind of guy that's on all the time. He's got a very forceful persona.
I am attracted to dumb people.
When the cause is just, and there's been injustice, then it's easy to kind of galvanize your emotions and confront a guy.
It's a controversial segment, 'Watters World.' There's controversy around it.
There's controversy around Fox. I understand that.
It was never my intention to hurt people's feelings.
Russia is a big polluter.
