American,Critic
Education means teaching kids how to do stuff and how to think about stuff. Education is a pretty simple concept with a very clear way to measure results: you give some kind of an exam - maybe it's one of those standardized tests all kids hate, maybe it's some kind of essay, but whatever it is, it'll measure the results, and the kids will hate it.
Liberals love to screech about 'free speech,' but it's pretty clear to most of us that they don't really tolerate any speech but theirs.
I think you can be conservative and fight for what you believe in without being mean-spirited or bash people or be ugly about it.
You can't improve what you can't measure, and liberals have resisted any kind of meaningful measurement of success in the classroom for decades. Instead of focusing on the three R's, liberals have thrown up a barrage of silly things designed to distract us all from their awful stewardship of the schools.
'Out of many, one' is the national motto, and what the Founders imagined it meant is that out of the great and celebrated differences between us comes one nation and one larger purpose.
I continually ask myself if a decision I'm about to make falls short in the eyes of God or my family or my colleagues. It's actually a pretty simple litmus test: am I doing the right thing or not? The answer is generally an easy one.
If a police officer is looking for a criminal, he or she might stop a number of people in that particular area and ask to see their driver's license. No one bellyaches about civil rights or privacy issues. We're just happy the cops are trying to find the bad guy.
Listener and reader input is every bit as important as anything any of us can say. We'd be like crazy people chattering in the middle of that empty field that Joe Biden thinks we should stand in to be safe from swine flu if it weren't for the calls, the letters, the blogs, and the reaction from our audience.
As a Fox News Channel contributor, I've learned most of the tips over the years: look into the camera like it's a good friend; pull your suit jacket down and sit on it so it doesn't bunch up; and most importantly, never, ever say anything while sitting in that studio that you wouldn't want someone else to hear.
Right and wrong are not relative terms. There are fundamental truths. Evil flourishes, but good men continue to battle it - and win.
For many impoverished people, living under a tarp or in a cardboard box is a way of life.
'We don't torture' is the anguished cry of squishy people who have decided that trying to frighten terrorists by roughing them up is somehow the very definition of torture.
Sharing bad news with strangers is most certainly a selfish act.
Sen. McCain isn't someone who strikes you as a particularly dynamic speaker. He doesn't seem to like the formality of giving speeches. He clearly isn't too comfortable reading off a TelePrompter.
I'm not allowed to buy advertising for my book '50 Things Liberals Love to Hate' on Facebook because, according to their representative, they have received complaints about the word 'hate' in my book title.
The fact is that Democrats cannot stand dissent.
Michael Savage turns on a microphone and broadcasts his opinions to faithful followers who enjoy listening to his views on politics, social issues, and anything else that this colorful, provocative, entertaining guy comes up with. It doesn't matter which of his views I agree or disagree with.
America is full of success stories featuring victories by the underdog.
We know how to take care of one another without whining and accusing and belly-aching.
If a natural disaster like a flock of birds or a bolt of lightning causes a plane's engines to fail, you know what should be expected? That the pilot will keep his or her wits about them and do their best to save each and every soul on board. That's precisely what Captain 'Sully' Sullenberger and the rest of his crew did.
Fueled by the kindness and generosity of strangers, 'Food for the Poor' builds houses for people.
While everyone of all political stripes are admitting that the surge is working and dramatically reducing the level of bloodshed in Iraq, Obama managed to complain that the Iraqis aren't spending as much in rebuilding their own country as a result of the surge.
I think that the tea party, grassroots ideology will win every time.
Liberals would prefer it if the bald eagle on the Great Seal was holding olive branches in both talons, or, better, an olive branch in one, and maybe a soft cushion in the other, to entice our enemies to lie down and snooze.
We simply have to reign in the piggish people and money-hungry lawyers who chase every ambulance they see and expect companies and individuals to pay for everything that goes wrong.
'E pluribus unum' is perhaps the most obnoxious motto the Founders could have come up with, as far as liberals are concerned. They don't mind the e pluribus part - they love to note the things that divide and separate us. But they positively despise the unum part.
I'm fired up about TV converter boxes.
While headlines are being generated about the Democrat mindset of nationalizing private businesses and bailing out failed ventures, we seem to be ignoring one of the most massive bail-outs ever: the taxpayer-funded process of transitioning people from analog to digital television.
In many cases, the joy and honor of having a home has lifted people into a spirit of determination to try and achieve a better life for themselves and their families.
Every new revelation about the Obama Administration comes with the familiar musical notes of the Rod Serling TV classic ringing in my head: 'Do-dee-do-do, do-dee-do-do.'
The silliest, most frustrating national dialogue has been this chattering about waterboarding and slapping around bad guys in order to extract information from them.
The more insanity that comes from Washington, D.C., the stronger the loyal opposition becomes.
If you asked a team of expert psychologists and sociological researchers to come up with a design that was sure to infuriate and offend liberals in America, they'd probably come up with what we call the Great Seal.
Arlen Specter is a scoundrel.
I'm not fond of kicking a man when he's down.
I've made mistakes, usually when I felt backed against a wall or faced enormous pressure. I'm human and flawed.
It's my goal to show the world that Americans know how to help Americans without expecting the government to come riding in on a white horse and save the day.
The belief that government must be the ultimate nanny to our children is one of the fundamental philosophical disagreements between the Right and Left.
Liberals don't think parents can be left to their own devices when it comes to raising our children.
The arrogance of the Left always fascinates me.
Many activists and antagonists who are on the wrong side of an issue employ the tactic of, 'the best defense is a good offense.'
I often debate liberals on Fox News Channel who tend to start yelling and attacking when they run out of facts or common sense. I suppose these folks figure if they bow up and get in our faces, we'll just back down and see the world their way.
Respect? The people supporting illegals don't know the meaning of the word.
Ask any cop, and they'll assure you that it doesn't exactly take a forensics team from NCIS to figure out that someone is an illegal.
We are, after all, a nation of laws. And we live in a culture where carrying a form of identification is as normal as keeping your car keys in your pocket. When any of us walk into a grocery store and cashes a check, no one skips a beat when asked to present our driver's license.
I want to attract as many people as I can to listen to my show, and I don't expect everyone to always agree with me.
Maybe I'm just as bad as my critics who hound me.
I've caught myself watching MSNBC more and more, simply amazed at the nightly hate-fest against millions of Americans who don't see the world through the granny glasses of Keith Olbermann or any of the other radical liberals who host shows there.
I guess many of us are just prone to see what the other side is up to, maybe to reinforce our own worldviews and feel confident that our ideology is right and theirs is wrong.
I wish I could understand why so many people have a nearly manic desire to excuse, defend, explain or condone evil.
For years, I have been criticized for supporting the military because I have no military experience. It's one of the craziest complaints I've ever experienced in over 30 years as a radio talk show host.
Let me get this straight: I can't defend the military because I didn't serve. So does that mean I can't support police officers or firefighters because I've never been one? How about teachers? Can I support them since I've never taught a class before?
I'm not brave. Far from it.
Getting to shake hands, pose for pictures, sign books, and interact with people who listen to our radio shows is a blast.
The sheer genius of talk radio and Townhall.com is that the environment is so interactive.
Leave it to an Obama supporter to bring up Iraq in the middle of a conversation about the swine flu pandemic.
It's awfully hard to get into the head of a liberal. Instead of logic and reason, they are drawn to emotions and feelings.
If there's a swarm of bees outside an open window, it might be a good idea to close the window, even if a few bees have already flown into the house. Somehow, Democrats who oppose shutting the border don't see the analogy.
Liberals instinctively cling to racism or bigotry or hate or narrow-mindedness whenever they can.
I'm the kind of guy who likes to have a little friendly banter, even with someone I disagree with.
The Kennedy family might be a lot of things, but for RFK, Jr., 'warm and fuzzy' doesn't exactly come to mind.
There is simply no defending the preferred mode of travel for many of the celebrity crazies who lecture us about carbon credits. Do you think these folks are willing to give up their mansions and private jets in order to 'save the planet?'
Jesse Jackson is a master of the old expression that it doesn't matter what someone says about you as long as they spell your name right.
It doesn't matter if one is live on-air or sitting through a commercial break. There aren't any on or off switches on a lapel pin microphone; it is always 'hot.'
People who are desperate for Barack Obama to win the presidency are capable of practically anything.
It's awkward to tell others that your spouse has died. Everyone becomes so sad and sorry, and you just hate like heck to have to break the news to someone who hasn't heard the news.
Since I'm a professional communicator, I think I instinctively cling to doing what I do best, even in times of crisis and turmoil.
When your spouse is given a bleak prognosis, you become an expert in soaking up every moment of every day.
Yes, Barack Obama could easily be cast as an American president in a movie or TV show.
When you get John McCain going about the war against terror, he comes alive. That's when it gets fun. He rattles off the statistics, he showcases his wealth of military experience, and he doesn't recognize the concepts of defeat or surrender.
Picture what this country felt like in the weeks and months after 9/11. Can you imagine anyone even beginning to allow an advertising campaign promoting Islam, being endorsed and supported by a man the feds believe to be a terrorist, on New York City subways?
I yearn for the day when we'll return to the foundational value that makes this country great.
Obama and his staff's sheer disrespect for the presidency is probably causing the Gipper to spin in his grave.
Larry King and his producers ought to go back to school and learn what 'fair and balanced' really means.
The public can't be fooled all the time.
Air America has tanked because it features a bunch of talentless, angry demagogues who wouldn't know how to entertain a radio audience if their lives depended on it.
The Left loves to demonize the financially successful.
My radio company has begun calling me 'the happy conservative warrior.'
Like it or not, liberal radio hosts fail miserably in the spoken word format.
For people who never tire of telling the world what a moral high ground they've taken in opposing Donald Trump, they sure don't seem to mind offering up a bellyful of gloats and taunts.
In 1972, former Texas Governor John Connally led 'Democrats for Nixon.'
A Democrat who had been JFK's Secretary of the Navy, Connally believed that as many as 20 million Democrats would cross over to vote for Nixon because George McGovern wasn't qualified to lead the nation, particularly because of his proposals for military cutbacks.
After watching the shrill reaction from liberals to the George Zimmerman verdict, I am reminded about why I'm proud to be a conservative.
Few news stories can demonstrate the stark difference between conservatism and liberalism like the George Zimmerman trial has done.
Evil is everywhere. But to believe that this is a country that resembles the Jim Crow-era is ludicrous and disingenuous.
All of these 'protections' were put into place to provide public school teachers with the kind of job security and cushy work rules that United Auto Workers have enjoyed.
School systems now routinely have more administrators than classroom teachers. They have armies of counselors and therapists and nutritionists and 'multi-cultural learning facilitators.'
Schools insist that everything is under their purview - what your kids eat, what they believe, what they say on the playground.
The Great Seal has got it all - everything liberals despise is there, front and center.
Oddly enough, Asians are a much smaller 'minority' than African Americans in this country. But because Asians are so successful, college admission officers don't feel sorry for them, so they are not a preferred 'minority.'
That's the underlying tactic of the Obama administration in 2012: push the war on women, the war on the middle class, the war on gay people, and the war on Hispanics, and hope it will carry the day.
You can't be part of the unum, to a liberal. You always have to be a pluribus.
Maintaining America's role as the greatest nation in the world means we must stay the course.
Liberal idiocy surrounds us all. It threatens to destroy the values and lifestyles that millions of us cherish.
The Founding Fathers: A bunch of old white guys who are making it nearly impossible for modern government to pick our doctors, teach our children, correct our diets, and save our money.
Football: War with cleats and pads.
Success: When you make more money than the rest of us, it hurts our feelings.
I think liberals would love to see the conservative party be more moderate, more middle of the road. I mean, my gosh, what do you call John McCain? Some would argue, what do you call Mitt Romney?
I think the Republican Party is lost in terms of whether we should be stronger on the social issues or ignore the social issues. But I think the Rand Pauls, the Ted Cruzes, that's the future of the party.
A lot of theatre people are definitely not conservative, but I don't think liberals get to own the culture.
Believe me, I bash liberals for being mean-spirited and angry, but there are plenty on my side who are the same way.
I'd like liberals to listen to my show and not feel offended. The fact that the love of my life was a liberal, I think that probably surprises people who expect me to spew just contempt for the other side.
