American,Critic
The average voter has to hear a point seven times before it registers.
So along with several very popular Internet sites, talk radio has served as alternative media that gives listeners information that they otherwise would not hear.
Absent scandal, a federal judge can serve for decades on the bench, underscoring the importance of appointing judges who have a proper understanding of their constitutional role.
Advertisers are very wary of ideological media.
Both Christians and religious Jews are finding it increasingly difficult to practice their faiths through college groups on so-called mainline campuses in the United States.
But the threat posed by the radical Islamists represents an unusual conflict, unlike any experienced by our nation before: we face an enemy that is not a state.
CAIR officials or former officials have been arrested on charges related to terrorism yet all it offers is silence and stonewalling in discussing what are its real motives.
Cameras in classrooms are no substitute for greater authority by parents and teachers.
Conservative talk radio works because there are lots of conservatives who are convinced that they are not getting the whole story from the regular media.
Conservative voters increasingly understand that the one legacy a president can leave is his judicial appointments.
Despite being able to demonstrate a very large audience, major advertisers at first wouldn't touch Limbaugh.
Every Arab nation votes against us at least two thirds of the time.
For one, the Qur'an is considered by Muslims to consist entirely of words spoken by Allah himself.
How it is that within 60 days of a general election issue, groups can no longer tell voters that a Member of Congress votes pro-abortion, against guns, against the environment or whatever else is beyond me.
If a liberal News channel were launched it would fall flat on its face.
If liberals want to send tens of millions of dollars down the drain, I have no problem with that.
In the past, children learned their values at home, reinforced by organizations such as the Boy Scouts and, of course, their church or synagogue, but in all too many families that is no longer the case.
It is commonly agreed that children spend more hours per year watching television than in the classroom, and far less in actual conversation with their parents.
Judges were not the biggest issue for most voters in Georgia in 2002.
Many Muslims honor people of other faiths and do not kill.
Many nations are like rebellious teenagers who try to figure out just how many times they can kick us in the teeth while still taking our money.
Now the truth is, a president really can't control the economy, although his policies do have some effect on it.
Policy makers still think that if we just hand out more money the world's problems will be solved.
Politicians often lie.
Politics aside, it will be hard for any new liberal radio network to outdo the professionalism of NPR.
Radical Islamic fundamentalists harbor contempt for our democratic way of life and, given the opportunity, will stop at nothing to accomplish their goal of bringing our country to its knees.
