French,Critic
The photographic image... is a message without a code.
There is only one way left to escape the alienation of present day society: to retreat ahead of it.
Myth is neither a lie nor a confession: it is an inflexion.
The skyscraper establishes the block, the block creates the street, the street offers itself to man.
To try to write love is to confront the muck of language: that region of hysteria where language is both too much and too little, excessive and impoverished.
What I claim is to live to the full the contradiction of my time, which may well make sarcasm the condition of truth.
Language is legislation, speech is its code. We do not see the power which is in speech because we forget that all speech is a classification, and that all classifications are oppressive.
I have tried to be as eclectic as I possibly can with my professional life, and so far it's been pretty fun.
To eat steak rare... represents both a nature and a morality.
The politician being interviewed clearly takes a great deal of trouble to imagine an ending to his sentence: and if he stopped short? His entire policy would be jeopardized!
A photograph is always invisible, it is not it that we see.
I call the discourse of power any discourse that engenders blame, hence guilt, in its recipient.
The bastard form of mass culture is humiliated repetition... always new books, new programs, new films, news items, but always the same meaning.
Literature is the question minus the answer.
For the theatre one needs long arms; it is better to have them too long than too short. An artiste with short arms can never, never make a fine gesture.
The New is not a fashion, it is a value.
Language is a skin: I rub my language against the other. It is as if I had words instead of fingers, or fingers at the tip of my words. My language trembles with desire.
What the public wants is the image of passion, not passion itself.
Through the mythology of Einstein, the world blissfully regained the image of knowledge reduced to a formula.
Literature is without proofs. By which it must be understood that it cannot prove, not only what it says, but even that it is worth the trouble of saying it.
