American,First Lady
I think togetherness is a very important ingredient to family life.
To us, family means putting your arms around each other and being there.
Cherish your human connections - your relationships with friends and family.
At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict or not closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child, or a parent.
Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people - your family, friends, and coworkers, and even strangers you meet along the way.
Well, look at what people are doing for returned veterans now. The wounded warriors. They're working hard to make the wounded veterans feel that they are loved and welcomed home, unlike Vietnam. It was not a very kind, gentle world then. I think we are kinder and gentler.
Believe in something larger than yourself... get involved in the big ideas of your time.
It was the dumbest thing I had ever seen, but it's a family thing, and I guess it's clean.
I'm a great believer that the most important years are the sort of early years but the preschool years and then into the first and second grades. If you get a good base in the first and second grade and you can read, you can do anything.
When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
You just don't luck into things as much as you'd like to think you do. You build step by step, whether it's friendships or opportunities.
You have to love your children unselfishly. That's hard. But it's the only way.
The winner of the hoop race will be the first to realize her dream, not society's dream, her own personal dream.
Nobody likes, you know, the ugly parts of politics.
I do have the most marvelous husband, children, and grandchildren.
Suddenly women's lib had made me feel my life had been wasted.
Bias has to be taught. If you hear your parents downgrading women or people of different backgrounds, why, you are going to do that.
I don't think that's healthy for the country when anyone thinks their morals are better than anyone else's.
Let's judge a man on what he's done.
My worst expectations never happened.
If human beings are perceived as potentials rather than problems, as possessing strengths instead of weaknesses, as unlimited rather that dull and unresponsive, then they thrive and grow to their capabilities.
Nobody likes a child to die or losing an election.
I married the first man I ever kissed. When I tell this to my children, they just about throw up.
My son, George, has been a bad, bad boy! Right, George?
Giving frees us from the familiar territory of our own needs by opening our mind to the unexplained worlds occupied by the needs of others.
The personal things should be left out of, in my opinion, out of platforms and conventions.
I want to still be able to garden while I can bend over.
I really built myself up, darn it, to be very strong.
I really feel very strongly that the person who runs for office is the courageous one, and the one who everybody has to know.
I'm not being outspoken or pro or con abortion.
I mean Afghanistan is a very rugged, complicated country.
I'm taking a vow not to advise.
Raising five boys is a handful, trust me.
Raising George Walker was not easy.
I've done it all.
I'm not going to jump out of airplanes or anything like someone else I know.
Value your friendship. Value your relationships.
You try to do something every single day that will help an American or maybe someone overseas.
I decided I ought to pick a project that would not be controversial, that would not really cost the government a lot of money.
Never ask anyone over 70 how they feel. They'll tell you.
I have a pig valve.
I'm not a one-issue person.
I'm tired now of the elections.
If you are the wife of a governor or the wife of a vice president, I think you can be prepared for it.
I don't like the blame game, though.
I mean you can learn how to build a bullet or build a gun or build a bomb on the Internet.
You can't tell a 6-year-old your sister is going to die.
