American,First Lady
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.'
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all.
It is better to light a candle than curse the darkness.
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
In the long run, we shape our lives, and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die. And the choices we make are ultimately our own responsibility.
Understanding is a two-way street.
Probably the happiest period in life most frequently is in middle age, when the eager passions of youth are cooled, and the infirmities of age not yet begun; as we see that the shadows, which are at morning and evening so large, almost entirely disappear at midday.
Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both.
Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are not willing to do yourself.
I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right- for you'll be criticized anyway. You'll be damned if you do, and damned if you don't.
It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
It is not more vacation we need - it is more vocation.
The giving of love is an education in itself.
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes.
I once had a rose named after me and I was very flattered. But I was not pleased to read the description in the catalogue: no good in a bed, but fine up against a wall.
When you cease to make a contribution, you begin to die.
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
I have spent many years of my life in opposition, and I rather like the role.
Autobiographies are only useful as the lives you read about and analyze may suggest to you something that you may find useful in your own journey through life.
The only things one can admire at length are those one admires without knowing why.
Friendship with ones self is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
Freedom makes a huge requirement of every human being. With freedom comes responsibility. For the person who is unwilling to grow up, the person who does not want to carry his own weight, this is a frightening prospect.
In all our contacts it is probably the sense of being really needed and wanted which gives us the greatest satisfaction and creates the most lasting bond.
I believe that anyone can conquer fear by doing the things he fears to do, provided he keeps doing them until he gets a record of successful experience behind him.
My experience has been that work is almost the best way to pull oneself out of the depths.
I do not think that I am a natural born mother... If I ever wanted to mother anyone, it was my father.
Old age has deformities enough of its own. It should never add to them the deformity of vice.
Hate and force cannot be in just a part of the world without having an effect on the rest of it.
You can't move so fast that you try to change the mores faster than people can accept it. That doesn't mean you do nothing, but it means that you do the things that need to be done according to priority.
It isn't enough to talk about peace. One must believe in it. And it isn't enough to believe in it. One must work at it.
The Bible illustrated by Dore occupied many of my hours - and I think probably gave me many nightmares.
Campaign behavior for wives: Always be on time. Do as little talking as humanly possible. Lean back in the parade car so everybody can see the president.
The mother of a family should look upon her housekeeping and the planning of meals as a scientific occupation.
I used to tell my husband that, if he could make me 'understand' something, it would be clear to all the other people in the country.
Anyone who thinks must think of the next war as they would of suicide.
