American,Celebrity
You can't recover memories of a missing event. That's a fallacy.
So that they can actually make it known to the American people before they vote what they're voting for.
I mean you might say he had a travelling post office, but also Barney was very, very active. He was a legal officer for the NAACP and they had a lot of problems after Pease.
I was on the state board of directors of the American Civil Liberties Union.
Vote Smart has sent out thirty thousand questionnaires to every candidate running for office.
I'm a member of the US committee o the United Nations.
And then I went to the University of New Hampshire for two years, and then the war came along.
Meanwhile I married and I adopted three kids who were all from one family and then later I was divorced.
I was single for six years and during those six years I went back to college and got my degree in Social Work and then... while I was single... Barney came here to Portsmouth on vacation.
Now back in those days, to become a rural mail carrier you had to be approved by congress.
Everybody's over here to make money for themselves.
And that's how I wrote to NICAP, but then later, just very soon after that, like three weeks later, we started getting phone calls from government agents.
So actually we didn't have any contacts with UFO organizations. It was all strictly government.
The first person who contacted us was the assistant to President Eisenhower... in the White House.
By the time we went to Doctor Simon I think Barney had been totally disabled for at least six months.
On the third stage is used for medicine, it is not known to the public.
Actually, actually, when he first put us into hypnosis, he didn't know what he was going to get.
I don't know if we even mentioned UFOs. It was to find out why Barney was emotionally upset.
In fact, if you have a crime committed against you, and you go to have hypnosis, you can't testify. Because there's no way to test what is real, what's fact, what's fantasy.
Only medical hypnosis is capable of opening up amnesia.
15 minutes will open up the amnesia and you'll have full recall.
A week or so ago I did a two hour book review in Baltimore Maryland.
There were two hours that couldn't be accounted for.
They came out over the highway and they stopped and that's when Barney got out, with the binoculars to try and identify the craft. I mean, he'd been in the military in World War Two, he's puzzled.
And we turned off and 30 miles south they're standing in the middle of our road blocking our way, stopped the car, got out, took us through the path in the woods, where the craft was on the ground.
When they first grabbed us, yeah, it terrified, but they calmed me down.
