American,Celebrity
But the love of adventure was in father's blood.
My restless, roaming spirit would not allow me to remain at home very long.
It was because of my great interest in the West, and my belief that its development would be assisted by the interest I could awaken in others, that I decided to bring the West to the East through the medium of the Wild West Show.
But the West of the old times, with its strong characters, its stern battles and its tremendous stretches of loneliness, can never be blotted from my mind.
Nothing of course was ever done to Bill for the killing of Tutt.
Wild Bill was anything but a quarrelsome man yet I have personal knowledge of at least half a dozen men whom he had at various times killed.
The first trip of the Pony Express was made in ten days - an average of two hundred miles a day. But we soon began stretching our riders and making better time.
We got more provisions for our whiskey than the same money, which we paid for the liquor, would have bought; so after all it proved a very profitable investment.
My great forte in killing buffaloes was to get them circling by riding my horse at the head of the herd and shooting their leaders. Thus the brutes behind were crowded to the left, so that they were soon going round and round.
Every Indian outbreak that I have ever known has resulted from broken promises and broken treaties by the government.
The cholera had broken out at the post, and five or six men were dying daily.
I began to think my time had come, as the saying is.
So for twelve miles I rode with Sherman, and we became fast friends. He asked me all manner of questions on the way, and I found that he knew my father well, and remembered his tragic death in Salt Creek Valley.
I could never resist the call of the trail.
Frontiersmen good and bad, gunmen as well as inspired prophets of the future, have been my camp companions. Thus, I know the country of which I am about to write as few men now living have known it.
Excitement was plentiful during my two years' service as a Pony Express rider.
Springfield has always had a place in my heart.
After crossing the Smoky Hill River, I felt comparatively safe as this was the last stream I had to cross.
As a good horse is not very apt to jump over a bank, if left to guide himself, I let mine pick his own way.
General Custer was a close observer and student of personal character.
I felt only as a man can feel who is roaming over the prairies of the far West, well armed, and mounted on a fleet and gallant steed.
I found Spotted Tail's lodge. He invited me to enter.
I had many enemies among the Sioux; I would be running considerable risk in meeting them.
I had the best buffalo horse that ever made a track.
Indians were frequently off their reservations.
Major North and myself went out in advance of the command several miles and killed a number of buffaloes.
You who live your lives in cities or among peaceful ways cannot always tell whether your friends are the kind who would go through fire for you. But on the Plains one's friends have an opportunity to prove their mettle.
