English,Celebrity
I hate birthdays. I hate birthday parties. I hate them. I don't know what it is, anybody's only got to come wafting near me with a piece of cake with a candle on and I break out in hives.
I hate last-minute shopping, it's always unsuccessful.
I'll never stop appreciating how lucky I am.
I don't host a show and go, 'Have you got my best angle?'
As long as you smile, have sparkly eyes and stick your shoulders back, nobody's going to notice your bum or your waist or your feet, for that matter.
I love bold, colorful party dresses because they don't need accessories. Just throw one on and you're done.
Jewellery is a great way to take your look from day to night.
A girl's got to do what she's got to do to make somebody pay her a compliment. If that means moaning 'til the cows come home, then so be it.
Being famous hasn't changed my perception of myself - I've just grown up.
Everybody has a bad hair day, but us girls still like to be told we look nice even if we don't feel like we do.
I don't even own my own name on the internet - somebody else bought it.
I don't shop because I need something, I just shop for shopping's sake.
I have the biggest hair in the world - and that's official!
I wouldn't say pop stars hit on me - that's just stuff the papers make up.
I'm in an on-off relationship at the moment.
My friend made me a leather dress for the MTV awards. It gives you confidence, wearing something you love.
Never work with kids or animals.
You've got to have a sense of humour about sex. When you look at it, it's all pretty ridiculous, isn't it?
I can't dance at all by myself.
I am addicted to 'Vogue' magazines, be they French, British - I adore, adore, adore.
The only time I ever look good dancing is if I'm next to my dad at a wedding.
I think that if you keep your eyes and your ears open and you are receptive to learning, there are skills you can get from any job at all.
One thing for me that modeling definitely did was that you go to do a different job every day, and you are working with a completely new team of people. You have to learn how to talk to people and how to creatively achieve the same goals. I think it just hones your people skills.
I was sent to ballet classes when I was a little girl. I wasn't very good, but it's that thing where little girls always try ballet, or whatever.
I'm just incredibly interested in people.
I'm getting comfortable with West Coast style, which is more laid-back than British style.
I'd say to any woman, get out of that bad relationship that's turning you into a shell of your former self. Learn from it and get out. Then wait; enjoy yourself and your friends because, when what you want comes along, you'll spot it.
I used to say I wanted somebody funny and intelligent, but kindness is the most important quality in a man.
I've been out with men who have literally had an argument with the mirror because they couldn't get their hair right. When I was younger, I might have reassured him, but I can't do that anymore.
You can do one of two things. You can bury you head in the sand and believe what everyone tells you - that you will always be that young, that thin and that fabulous. Or you can use all the things you have - talent, contacts, knowledge - and do something different.
If I'm interviewing someone I need to know everything about them - I do these massive spider diagrams. Everything under different categories, and certain questions in other categories.
