American,Celebrity
Excellence is about fighting and pursuing something diligently, with a strict and determined approach to doing it right. It's okay if there are flaws in the process - it makes it more interesting.
Any fool can be happy. What I'm interested in is satisfaction. There's got to be more to life than just being happy. You've got to be fulfilled. You've got to be satisfied; philosophically satisfied is what I mean.
All four elements were happening in equal measure - the cuisine, the wine, the service, and the overall ambience. It taught me that dining could happen at a spiritual level.
I have a goal so lofty it's almost embarrassing to talk about. And that's to be the best restaurant in the world.
You've got to give away what you love.
I took the obligatory economics classes in school, but I've long been a fan of the Milton Friedman philosophy and its libertarian bent: One must be free to do what one wants to do, as long as you don't harm another. This is the seminal treatise on free-market economics.
I got on a Dostoyevsky kick right after college. I started with 'Crime and Punishment,' went on to 'The Possessed' and then 'The Brothers Karamazov' and 'The Idiot.'
One must know combinations, one must have a true knowledge of food to be in the moment.
To me, searching for perfection isn't anywhere near as interesting as trying to find your own voice.
A jazz musician can improvise based on his knowledge of music. He understands how things go together. For a chef, once you have that basis, that's when cuisine is truly exciting.
I never considered Miles Davis a perfectionist; I always considered him as an excellence-ist, where deviation is actually kind of cool.
The idea that you have to pursue greatness... it's up to you; it's your life.
I love faltering. I love, in a sense, coming up short. Because you learn nothing from success. You learn so much from failing.
Sometimes I think I should have chosen a line of work where it was just me alone in the room, with the sun coming in, and God, insofar as he or she exists, smiling down upon me. Then I would have never been accused of being a tyrant, other than towards myself.
I couldn't really relate to the fraternity or party scene, to the people out in the mall every day protesting one thing or another. I felt like there was no one I could relate to.
What I was reading was already part of my psyche, but finally someone else was saying it's okay to walk alone.
Students need to learn how to think critically, how to argue opposing ideas. It is important for them to learn how to think. You can always cook.
Chefs, as a whole, say yes to any project, fundraiser, or tasting because they have such a generous spirit.
I'm really not that comfortable with people. I mean, I love individuals, but I'm not very social.
When I graduated I wasn't sure what I wanted to do, but I knew I didn't want a conventional career.
I don't ever want to lose that mind-set where you've got to be able to realize different ideas-slash-fantasies-slash-possibilities in your life.
A quarter century of running a restaurant - that's a long time to do one thing.
My parents couldn't be looser. It was the ultimate laissez faire upbringing.
I've always been a little crazy.
I worked in 40 restaurants over a five-year period.
If you ever want to get anywhere in life, you're going to have to push it, and somebody's going to push you to get there. End of story.
My fantasy is to have a restaurant where there are no written menus, but where you just ask people, 'What are you in the mood for? Fish? Meat? White wine?'
I wasn't using college as a stepping stone to law school or some other career. I just wanted a liberal-arts education.
I don't understand people who spend their twenties hanging out in bars and going to football game. That stuff is so boring compared to really applying yourself to what you do.
If people give me a year or two of their best effort, then I am their friend for life.
If you go around the kitchen and ask my employees what they want to be doing in three to five years, most of them, if they're being honest, will tell you that they don't want to be working for me. They want to have their own place. And I think that's great.
My father was a successful entrepreneur.
At home, a man is entitled to raise his voice maybe once a year, if something really gets under his skin. At work, it's different. I raise my voice all the time. Not out of malice, but to get things right. It's never personal.
You can't be afraid to not have everything figured out. There's too much pressure on young people today to have it all figured out when they're in college.
If you want the meaning of families and life and religion and philosophy rolled into one package, all you need to read is 'The Brothers Karamazov.'
