American,Celebrity
Millennials regularly draw ire for their cell phone usage. They're mobile natives, having come of age when landlines were well on their way out and payphones had gone the way of dinosaurs. Because of their native fluency, Millennials recognize mobile phones can do a whole lot more than make calls, enable texting between friends or tweeting.
Determination gets you a long way.
There's something else that my mother taught me, public service is about service. And, as her daughter, I've had a special window into how she serves. I've seen her holding the hands of mothers, worried about how they'll feed their kids, worried about how they'll get them the healthcare they need.
Role models really matter. It's hard to imagine yourself as something you don't see.
As a kid, I was pretty obsessed with dinosaurs and the day that my parents took me to Dinosaur National Park, I didn't think life could get any better.
I had seen people who had lost everything and everyone they loved to war, famine, and natural disasters.
My grandmother, who passed away at the beginning of November, had a core adage in her life that 'life is not about what happens to you but about what you do with what happens to you.' She recently had been cajoling me and challenging me to do more with my life. To lead more of a purposefully public life.
Every day at some point I encounter some sort of anti-American feeling.
My parents and my grandmother inspire me every day and, every day, in my work and personal life.
What inspires me most are people who imagine and implement solutions to challenges in their own lives, in their communities, in our country and around the world.
For most of my life, I deliberately led a private life in the public eye.
My dad had always been a big decaf coffee drinker. But my mom had always been more of a tea drinker. So I grew up around a lot of tea. And I also really love tea. But I'm not one of those people who has ever felt the need to choose between coffee and tea. I think that is a completely false dichotomy.
If I had one singular galvanizing ambition in life, I would try to reverse engineer toward it, but I don't.
People recognize me. Most people are really nice. Sometimes people say, 'Hi, Chelsea.'
I hope to become a better teacher. I love teaching.
We have to do whatever we can to ensure that no child dies of diarrhea.
I do really well in the traditional board games: Backgammon, Checkers.
We need women who are at the head of a boardroom, like at the head of the White House, at the head of kind of major scientific enterprises so that little girls everywhere can then think, you know what? I can do that, I want to do that, I will do that.
I'd ask myself, 'What do I think is really unjust?' That should be a starting point for how you engage with the world.
My earliest memory is my mom picking me up after I had fallen down, giving me a big hug and reading me 'Goodnight Moon.' From that moment, to this one, every single memory I have of my mom is that regardless of what was happening in her life, she was always, always there for me.
Service is an opportunity for young women to really empower themselves.
We need Hollywood to make movies and television shows about sexy female engineers.
I hope telling stories though 'Making a Difference' - as in my academic work and nonprofit work - will help me to live my grandmother's adage of 'Life is not about what happens to you, but about what you do with what happens to you.'
My mother is very good in Scrabble. In Boggle, my father is probably better.
My parents were definitely on the incentive side of parenting. Like, they told me that my father had learned to read when he was three. So, of course, I thought I had to, too.
My parents were very firm about me always getting my homework done.
I hadn't planned on or expected to have a public dimension in my life.
I live in a city and a state and a country where I support my elected representatives.
I just hope that I will be as good a mom to my child, and hopefully children, as my mom was to me.
I think that there are more opportunities for young women in America than there are in Tanzania. But I also think there are many of the same problems.
For most young Americans I know, 'serving' in the broadest sense now seems like the only thing to do.
I love the right words. I think economy and precision of language are important.
Running is my prophylactic stress relief for the day. Or the segue so that I can go home and be with my husband in a kind of clearheaded way.
Running is the one part of my life in which I fundamentally feel like the observer instead of the observed.
I've always been aware of both how extraordinarily normal and how extraordinarily extraordinary my life has been. It's always been important, first to my parents when I was younger, and now very much to me, to live in the world. I would never want to live in a cloister.
I lead a multi-faith life.
I love my parents, and I want my mother to be president.
I loved working on Wall Street. I loved the meritocracy of it and the camaraderie of the trading floor.
A tin roof is one of the greatest indicators of prosperity in the developing world.
When people say crazy stuff about me or my family, I don't take it seriously.
I was always deeply aware that I was living in history.
I definitely taught my parents how to text and how to charge their phones.
My marriage is incredibly important to me. It's the place from which I engage in the world every day, and the place to which I return every day.
Fried chicken is my husband's favorite food.
I was a vegetarian for 10 years and a pescetarian for eight. Then I woke up one day when I was 29 and craved red meat. I'm a big believer in listening to my body's cravings.
My father has always been such a doer.
Service is a deceptively profound way to prove not only what you can do for the world, but what you can tell the world to expect from you and your ambitions.
What's profound and exciting is the way young people are taking advantage of the fact that the Internet enables everyone to have a megaphone. It enables everyone to stand up and say, 'I deserve to be heard, and I demand that you listen.'
I have voted in every election that I have been qualified to vote in since I turned 18.
I believe that engaging in the political process is part of being a good person.
At the fourth grade level, girls at the same percentages of boys say they're interested in careers in engineering or math or astrophysics, but by eighth grade that has dropped precipitously.
I find the fact that more than 750,000 children still die every year around the world because of severe dehydration due to diarrhea unacceptable.
I love living in New York.
I walk my dog every morning.
My grandmother was determined that everyone feel a sense of optimism and opportunity.
My parents are not shy, clearly publicly and otherwise, in expressing their hopes that they will soon be grandparents.
I think we need to care about the metrics of success in life, and I'm a pretty competitive person.
I was working full-time and going to school at night and on the weekends. It was just crazy.
Your mother embarrasses you in front of maybe a couple hundred people. My mother embarrasses me in front of millions.
My mother has often said that the issue of women is the unfinished business of the 21st century. That is certainly true. But so, too, are the issues of LGBTQ rights the unfinished business of the 21st century.
Changing laws and changing the political dialogue, while necessary, is insufficient to ensure that bullying stops; to ensure that every young person is supported by their parents and their teachers as they question who they are and they discover who they are regardless of the sexuality.
I remember that my mom, my dad and I would play different roles in mock debates, where one of us would be the moderator, one of us would be my dad - frequently not my dad - and then one of us would play his opponent.
I have never thought of my life as being an enigma.
When I was born, my father was governor of Arkansas.
I want to be the best daughter and wife and friend and person I can be. And I want to help empower the people around me to be the best they can be.
Millennials are often portrayed as apathetic, disinterested, tuned out and selfish. None of those adjectives describe the Millennials I've been privileged to meet and work with.
It's a widely-held belief that Millennials are obsessed with money. And it's also wildly true. Just don't mistake it for a fixation with getting rich.
Caricatured as navel-gazers, Millennials are said to live for their 'likes' and status updates. But the young people I know often leverage social media in selfless ways.
That's who my mom is. She's a listener and a doer. She's a woman driven by compassion, by faith, by a fierce sense of justice and a heart full of love. So, this November, I'm voting for a woman who is my role model, as a mother, and as an advocate. A woman who has spent her entire life fighting for families and children.
I hope that my children will someday be as proud of me as I am of my mom. I am so grateful to be her daughter. I'm so grateful that she is Charlotte's and Aiden's grandmother. She makes me proud every single day.
I never once doubted that my parents cared about my thoughts and my ideas. And I always, always knew how deeply they loved me. That feeling of being valued and loved, that's what my mom wants for every child.
And every day that I spend as Charlotte and Aiden's mother, I think about my own mother, my wonderful, thoughtful, hilarious mother.
