American,Celebrity
I have a saying - 'You treat me good, I'll treat you better. You treat me bad, I'll treat you worse. And when in doubt, knock 'em out.'
I broke two knuckles in my right hand when I gave Jean-Claude Van Damme an attitude adjustment. I got nothing except a medical bill.
Now as far as the organization selling drugs, no. Individuals selling drugs is something else.
So if one, or two, or a handful of guys sells drugs for their own personal gain and profit who just so happens to be a member of the Hells Angels Motorcycle Club, we want that same consideration.
I belonged to another club, and liked the camaraderie.
You get to know them, they get to know you and see if they like you. Then they'll vote on you to become a prospect. You have to be sponsored by a Hells Angel.
When I was old enough to ride a motorcycle and got my license, I bought a '69 Sportster.
There's probably about 150 charters in the world. We're the biggest international club there is.
There was no club but the Hells Angels as far as I was concerned.
Then we have a World Run, where representatives from all the charters meet.
Sonny and another Hells Angel who was at the meeting thought they were beyond a little patch so they headed down to a local tattoo shop in Oakland and were the first to get the famous One Percent tattoos.
So it just goes to show you that it was always the Hells Angels first. They were the originals and all other clubs try and imitate what the Hells Angels have already done.
So from an angry lawman's mouth, the Outlaw Motorcyclists were born.
See, I'm fortunate that I get around a lot because of my movie business.
Not exactly hit them, but I've restrained a few people.
Like I said, when I was a kid, they inspired me.
Let me tell you something: I have members in my charter who, after paying their rent and house bills and taking care of their families, don't even have enough money left over to pay the fifteen dollars a week dues.
If the challenge to fight was there, I always took it.
I've been fighting my whole life.
I'm in California a lot; I go overseas sometimes and I meet more Hells Angels than other Angels do.
I was a stuntman for over fifteen years.
One day between takes on the 'Oz' set, I went into one of the cells and laid down and dozed off. When I woke up, I thought I was back in a federal pen. But I did my time, and today no one is more of a free man than Chuck Zito.
My father taught me how to fight when I was 5.
