American,Celebrity
A real man loves his wife, and places his family as the most important thing in life. Nothing has brought me more peace and content in life than simply being a good husband and father.
A real man loves and respects his wife and is not only a good father but a man that his kids want to call 'Daddy.'
Nothing has brought me more love, joy and peace than being a good husband and good daddy.
If you look at any successful professional - a salesperson, a marketer, a real estate agent, a trader - they all have the same qualities as the con man. The only difference is that one side uses their talents in the right direction and the con man is taking the easy way out.
You have to think a little smarter, be proactive, not reactive.
I think I was so successful, not because I was brilliant, but because I was so young. I had no fear of consequences.
The police can't protect consumers. People need to be more aware and educated about identity theft. You need to be a little bit wiser, a little bit smarter and there's nothing wrong with being skeptical. We live in a time when if you make it easy for someone to steal from you, someone will.
There's no such thing as a foolproof system. That idea fails to take into account the creativity of fools.
I'm a true believer that you have a moral obligation to keep your employees honest, and that is why you have controls, so I'm never tempted or put in a position where I could do something to defraud my employer.
The truth is, your identity already has been stolen.
We're coming down to an extremely unethical society. Very few colleges offer courses in ethics, and very few companies have a code of conduct or code of ethics.
Criminals look at identity theft and say only 1 in 700 criminals gets convicted of it. And they look at check forgery and they know that for every 1,400 forgers arrested, only about 123 get convicted and about 26 go to jail. So the rewards are great, but the risks are very slim. So that's one of the reasons that make it very popular.
There is no technology today that cannot be defeated by social engineering.
We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely.
Why do the Yankees always win? The other team can't stop looking at the pinstripes.
I was just a guy who ran away from home at 16 because my parents were getting a divorce and the judge was making me choose which parent to live with. I didn't want to make that choice. I ended up in New York City.
It's quite flattering to have Leonardo DiCaprio play you in the movie. He's a great-looking young man.
I served my time and came out of prison when I was just 26 and have worked with the government for 37 years. But people only remember me for what I did before that.
If you tell me your name and date of birth, that's all I need to steal your identity.
I'm so different from the egotistical, self-centred person I was when I did those things. And to watch someone acting out your memories on the screen is like reliving it. Like someone taking you back and showing you what you did.
Only one thing makes a man a man. He loves his wife, is faithful to her, and puts his wife and kids as the most important things in life.
We should be very concerned: if identity theft is so simple to do, what's to stop me from entering this country and assuming the identity of someone else for the sole purpose of living here illegally for terrorist reasons? That alone would be a concern.
Every case involving cybercrime that I've been involved in, I've never found a master criminal sitting somewhere in Russia or Hong Kong or Beijing. It always ends up that somebody at the company did something they weren't supposed to do. They read an email, went to a website they weren't supposed to.
I was a millionaire twice over and half again before I was twenty-one. I stole every nickel of it and blew the bulk of the bundle on fine threads, gourmet foods, luxurious lodgings, fantastic foxes, fine wheels, and other sensual goodies.
I know that people are fascinated by what I did as a teenager, but what I did was immoral, illegal, unethical, and something that I am not proud of - nor will I ever be proud of.
A lot of people say I was brilliant. I wasn't. I was an opportunist: a young entrepreneur who saw things and took advantage.
I was an opportunist and got away with things because I was very young, but I went to prison and came out and remade my life.
The law sometimes sleeps; it never dies.
If I had been brilliant or a genius, I wouldn't have needed to break the law just to survive.
If you took a child in London and took their iPhone and took them somewhere else in the country, they'd probably not be able to find their way back. That's a shame.
I would have thought technology would have made it harder to do what I did.
If I had the uniform on, you didn't doubt for a moment I was a pilot. No one ever blinked an eye if I tried to cash a cheque wearing that uniform.
I speak at a lot of universities, and people are always worried about Facebook, and when I explain how to use it properly, they immediately go back and make those changes.
Criminals know that if they stay under certain thresholds, nobody is going to come after them.
Mostly, cybercriminals are motivated to commit crime for financial gain.
The Internet can be used to hurt many people.
You have to be smarter and a wiser businessperson and consumer. You have to learn to protect yourself through education.
You cannot rely on the police, you cannot rely on the government, you cannot rely on the bank to protect you.
I never use debit cards. I only use credit cards. This way, if someone does get my account number... and charges $1 million, by federal law, my liability is zero.
I taught at the FBI for four decades - how to think outside of the box and deal with social engineering.
While I was on an undercover assignment in Texas, I met my wife, Kelly.
I have to be honest with you: When the FBI let me out of prison early to advise the agency on preventing fraud, I wasn't a changed person. I wasn't rehabilitated. But when I started working with the FBI, one of the most ethical groups of men and women in the world, I couldn't help but have some of that character rub off on me.
People say that life is short, but it isn't short. It's very long.
When people write about me, they usually start off with the headline 'World's Greatest Con Man.'
I use a credit card for everything - and I choose one of the ones which gives you money back.
I owe a debt to my country 800 times greater than I could ever repay.
When I look back at my life now, I'm not amazed by what I did at 16 to 21.
As the lawyer, I found most of it was a matter of research, which I was great at - that's what I did to death - and then basically persuading people that you're right, and they're wrong... I found that the easiest of all the professions to impersonate.
People have found very significant and simple ways to cheat their employer and get money out of their employers, and many companies lack good internal controls.
I spent five years of my youth in prison - some very bad prisons.
You have to be very limited in who you give your social security number to.
I contend that there really are no more con men. There's no need for con men anymore. There's no need for the very sophisticated, suave guy, the well-dressed guy. Today, you steal with the computer from thousands of miles away - from China, from Libya, from Hong Kong. Your victim's never going to see you, so there's no need to be any of that.
We buy into the computer, and everything that comes from the computer, we believe to be the truth.
In all the years I've taught at the FBI Academy, I've only seen crime get easier, faster, and harder to detect.
One of the most popular scams is what they call account takeover. You write me a check, and I simply go online to a check-printing service and order 200 checks with your account information.
We really need to get control over Social Security numbers. My children's generation, they're past it. But their children should be able to have a number that is secure.
It's really frustrating when you're an identity-theft victim, and you go to the police and you say, 'This guy in Florida, he stole my name and got a credit card - this is his address,' and they say, 'We don't have jurisdiction in Florida. You need to go to the FBI.'
I wasn't a Pan Am pilot or any other kind of pilot.
I partied in every capital in Europe, basked on all the famous beaches, and good-timed it in South America, the South Seas, the Orient, and the more palatable portions of Africa.
Christopher Walken and Nathalie Baye played my parents so well that I really thought I was in my living room at Christmas. My mother couldn't have been played more correctly.
My father was never really the con-man type that the film shows him to be: he was straight as an arrow, though he did have problems with the IRS.
People care about others in their immediate network.
I didn't like taking money from individuals.
If I had walked into a dry cleaning store, and I had looked over, and the register drawer was open with money inside, I wouldn't have taken it.
Had I been older - maybe 25 or 30 - I would have never tried half the things I did because I would have rationalized everything and never did it.
I didn't sit outside the bank and plan. I just went in and ad libbed because I was so young. But I was smart enough to know I would absolutely get caught.
It's amazing how much information we share in social media, then we wonder why people steal our identity.
You get to a point in your life where you go, 'I don't remember what I did.'
If I wanted to lay down a baby con, I could say I was the product of a broken home. But I'd only be bum-rapping my parents.
I don't believe that a piece of paper will excuse my actions. In the end, only my actions will.
Most people don't recognize me, but they know my name. TSA people rarely recognize my name, ironically, and they are the security people.
If I check into a hotel, a lot of times, they know who I am.
I don't do online banking.
I was always accepted at par value. I wore the uniform of a Pan Am pilot; therefore, I must be a Pan Am pilot.
I kept a notebook, a surreptitious journal in which I jotted down phrases, technical data, miscellaneous information, names, dates, places, telephone numbers, thoughts, and a collection of other data I thought was necessary or might prove helpful.
I learned early that class is universally admired.
Almost any fault, sin or crime is considered more leniently if there's a touch of class involved.
I went to the library and learned how checks work. I found out that routing numbers are like zip codes: the checks are sent to the bank that correlates to the routing number. If I manipulate those numbers to a bank far away, it would take longer to get back to the bank, which gave me more time to write more bad checks.
You have to believe in what you do. Take something you truly believe in and go about it in an honest way.
You should know, whether you live in the U.S. or in the U.K., that your identity has already been stolen.
You fight technology with technology, so you have to stay one step ahead of the criminal. It's very much a chess game - they make a move, you have to make a move.
I have never witnessed, nor will I live long enough to witness, a more simplistic crime than me stealing your identity.
It is amazing the information we give away. We make it easier and easier for criminals.
I'm glad I'm a draw. People know that, not only am I the guy that did it, I spent 40 years on the other side.
I teach ethics at the FBI academy, which is ironic.
Too many of us are vulnerable, and I look forward to working with AARP to advise people about the safest ways to conduct their financial transactions and manage social media.
By the time I had reached the age of 16, in the 10th grade, my parents, after 22 years of marriage, one day decided to get a divorce.
Unlike most divorces, where the children were usually the first to know, my parents were very good about keeping that a secret.
I make my home in Tulsa.
You can sit in a room and create anything you want on a laptop. That's why the real con men are gone.
I always knew I'd get caught sooner or later. And I knew I would end up going to prison.
When I was 28 years old, I thought it would be great to have a movie about my life. I was egotistical and self-centered.
Had I been older, I would've never been able to pull it off because I would've analyzed it to death. When I was 16, there was no such thing as 'what if.'
Everything I have today was because of the love of a woman.
A lot of times, when I met somebody and took them out on a date, I obviously didn't tell them my background, because I didn't think I'd see them but once or twice.
There are many ways to manipulate chip cards. For example, a number of years ago when American Express issued the first chip card, criminals would take a small hammer with a little device and bang the chip to destroy it without hurting the physical appearance of the card.
I went from 198 pounds to 109 while I was in prison in France, and I had to tie my clothes on with rope.
