Celebrity
Win or lose, we go shopping after the election.
Life is not a matter of place, things or comfort; rather, it concerns the basic human rights of family, country, justice and human dignity.
I love everybody. One of the great things about me is that I have a very positive attitude.
Doesn't the fight for survival also justify swindle and theft? In self defence, anything goes.
People say I'm extravagant because I want to be surrounded by beauty. But tell me, who wants to be surrounded by garbage?
I was no Marie Antoinette. I was not born to nobility, but I had a human right to nobility.
Filipinos want beauty. I have to look beautiful so that the poor Filipinos will have a star to look at from their slums.
They went into my closets looking for skeletons, but thank God, all they found were shoes, beautiful shoes.
Filipinos don't wallow in what is miserable and ugly. They recycle the bad into things of beauty.
I always say you can never be extravagant with beauty. Beauty is God made real. Beauty is life.
If you know how rich you are, you are not rich. But me, I am not aware of the extent of my wealth. That's how rich we are.
I did not have three thousand pairs of shoes, I had one thousand and sixty.
I hardly can sleep. I feel that my target now is really to save Mother Earth for humanity. And it's doable.
It is shallow people who think beauty is frivolous or excessive. If you are bringing beauty and god, you are enriching the country. Rice feeds the body, books feed the mind, beauty feeds the soul. It is one thing I can really be proud of and stand tall in the world.
I really had no great love for shoes. I was a working First Lady; I was always in canvas shoes. I did nurture the shoes industry of the Philippines, and so every time there was a shoe fair, I would receive a pair of shoes as a token of gratitude.
The only rich person is a person who is rich in spirit. I have no money deposit. I have only beauty deposit.
Never dress down for the poor. They won't respect you for it. They want their First Lady to look like a million dollars.
My dreams were always small and puny. All I ever needed was a little house with a little picket fence by the sea. Little did I know that I would live in Malacanang Palace for 20 years and visit all the major palaces of mankind. And then also meet ordinary citizens and the leaders of superpowers.
We practically own everything in the Philippines.
I get so tired listening to one million dollars here, one million dollars there, it's so petty.
Continuous persecution of widows and orphans is a crime. Even the Bible says there is a specific place in hell for those who oppress widows.
God is love. I have loved. Therefore, I will go to heaven.
I hate ugliness. You know I'm allergic to ugliness.
I have a different way of thinking. I think synergistically. I'm not linear in thinking, I'm not very logical.
I have never been a material girl. My father always told me never to love anything that cannot love you back.
It's the rich you can terrorize. The poor have nothing to lose.
