American,Celebrity
If you are the person who gets the lion's share of attention in good times, guess what: you get the lion's share of attention in bad times.
You're going to have twenty years as host of the 'Today Show,' and eighteen of those years are going to be so unbelievably fantastic that you're going to think you're living in a fantasy world. And one or two of those years is going to be incredibly frustrating and challenging.
I worry about that every single day: Am I being a good father?
I like fishing as much when I don't catch anything as when I do.
Researchers have discovered that chocolate produces some of the same reactions in the brain as marijuana. The researchers also discovered other similarities between the two but can't remember what they are.
There was always an unspoken generosity about my mom.
When you feel your family is being threatened and hurt, you speak up. And then you put your head down and go back about your business.
Even the bad interviews I think you learn from. They make you better.
If you have a bad experience on the air, you don't think you've done your job, or you have an embarrassing moment. I guarantee you'll work harder the next time not to let it happen again.
Broadcasting through 9/11 together, like Katie Couric and I did, creates a bond.
I take the harsh criticism along with the compliments.
I get letters from women, and they say, 'I love your Roman nose.' If I weren't on TV and I walked past that same woman, she'd go, 'Did you see the beak on that guy?
It usually takes two people a little while to learn where the funny buttons are and testy buttons are.
Not a lot of conservatives on this list. Are more liberals than conservatives screwing up America?
The Iraqis have once again failed to meet a deadline for a final draft of the constitution.
My dad was Jewish. My mom is not. So I was not raised anything.
Times are harder there right now. I think it's been well publicized. We are - the show is not where I want it to be right now. The ratings are not where I want them to be. I want to make it better.
When people start to write articles about what might be wrong with the 'Today' show you know where you should point the finger, point it at me because I have been there the longest. And it's my responsibility.
I am the luckiest guy I know.
In some ways, being No. 2 in the ratings is a real shot in the arm, a kick in the pants.
In this business, the minute you start feeling comfortable about the show you're doing or the ratings you're getting, you're in big trouble.
You get your dream job and, in my opinion, despite anything they might say about you professionally or personally, you shut up, and you just do the job - and enjoy it.
I kid my friends who are golfers, and I say, 'If you ever hear me complain, hit me in the butt with a putter' because I have no reason to complain. Even on days when you don't like what you see in the paper, I have no reason to complain.
When you have somebody in a position of power show interest in you after you've kind of been down and out, that's a big boost.
I admire people who are completely at ease with themselves. But I don't have that feeling.
What makes people successful in this business is to be yourself on camera. Sounds simple. It's not.
