Italian,Politician
Democracy is beautiful in theory; in practice it is a fallacy.
The keystone of the Fascist doctrine is its conception of the State, of its essence, its functions, and its aims. For Fascism the State is absolute, individuals and groups relative.
All within the state, nothing outside the state, nothing against the state.
It's good to trust others but, not to do so is much better.
Socialism is a fraud, a comedy, a phantom, a blackmail.
Fascism is a religion. The twentieth century will be known in history as the century of Fascism.
Inactivity is death.
War is to man what maternity is to a woman. From a philosophical and doctrinal viewpoint, I do not believe in perpetual peace.
We become strong, I feel, when we have no friends upon whom to lean, or to look to for moral guidance.
The Liberal State is a mask behind which there is no face; it is a scaffolding behind which there is no building.
The truth is that men are tired of liberty.
War alone brings up to their highest tension all human energies and imposes the stamp of nobility upon the peoples who have the courage to make it.
It is humiliating to remain with our hands folded while others write history. It matters little who wins. To make a people great it is necessary to send them to battle even if you have to kick them in the pants. That is what I shall do.
It is the State which educates its citizens in civic virtue, gives them a consciousness of their mission and welds them into unity.
The fate of nations is intimately bound up with their powers of reproduction. All nations and all empires first felt decadence gnawing at them when their birth rate fell off.
The League is very well when sparrows shout, but no good at all when eagles fall out.
Every anarchist is a baffled dictator.
The mass, whether it be a crowd or an army, is vile.
The history of saints is mainly the history of insane people.
Let us have a dagger between our teeth, a bomb in our hands, and an infinite scorn in our hearts.
Fascism is not an article for export.
Fascism is a religious concept.
Fascism, the more it considers and observes the future and the development of humanity, quite apart from political considerations of the moment, believes neither in the possibility nor the utility of perpetual peace.
The function of a citizen and a soldier are inseparable.
The best blood will at some time get into a fool or a mosquito.
