Italian,Designer
If I give you the right conditions to work, and I put you in a beautiful place, where you feel a little bit better about yourself because you know your work is being used for something greater than producing a profit, maybe you will get more creative; maybe you will want to work more.
There is definitely a comeback of the idea of dressing well every day. Nowadays, suits can be worn for many occasions - to work or to school, to a dinner party or red carpet event.
I had a very simple life growing up in the farm country outside of Perugia, and biscotti and warm milk with a tiny bit of coffee were a big part of my morning ritual before walking to school.
Order and tidiness is the first law of Heaven.
I want to safeguard the value of lunch. For me, it is sacred. My family and I always have lunch and dinner together. And we always sit down. Food does not taste the same if you are standing up!
To me, the simplest things can have the highest value.
A cashmere knit is like a book. It is something to save and go back to time after time. It is the feeling of an embrace.
I say to my industrialist friends, when you have guests from out of town, I don't care how important they are, you should feed them the essence of Italian culture: spaghetti, bread and olive oil.
I tell my staff, 'Give me your best, and then go home and live your life.' I've never asked anyone to work harder, but I've told plenty that they needed rest.
I love a modern suit paired with a polo or cotton T-shirt... and then paired with leather sneakers, or cashmere joggers with a tailored blazer and a sleeveless puffer vest to get the ultimate informal and formal combination.
These new young politicians have given us the confidence to start dreaming again to believe there is a better politics, and a better future for Italy in general.
Italian companies need to re-convert themselves, and such a re-conversion must be toward a better, higher standard.
If you have a company that doesn't sell its goods or services abroad and focuses only on the domestic market, it will keep paying a price.
In the heart of the desert and founded by the first Spanish Conquistadores, Las Vegas has become the entertainment capital of the world, with more than 30 million visitors a year.
St. Benedict said to take care of your mind, body and soul. I swim for an hour every morning, do 15 minutes of Tibetan stretching and breathing exercises, and play soccer with friends four or more nights a week.
Black is overrated. You'll never find it in my stores. Of course it's slimming, but it's just used too much, especially for men. One black suit by one designer, another one by another - they all look the same in the end. If I walk into a crowded hotel lobby and I'm wearing a black suit, I just look like everyone else.
In my office, I have a very beautiful marble bust of Seneca. I always have my eye on him when I'm taking phone calls. He's one of the many philosophers I've always read and admired.
From a design perspective, the U.S. has always been a great source of inspiration for me.
I believe in capitalism. I need to make a profit, but I would like to do it with ethics, dignity, morals. It's my dream.
The whole idea of wearing clothes is not to look ridiculous.
When I was eight, nine years of age, my mother bought me a pair of green trousers - corduroy green trousers. I didn't like green, and I basically buried them underground. And my mother kept asking me, 'Where are your trousers?' I said, 'Oh, I don't know.' And from then on I stopped wearing green.
It has always been very important to look carefully at young people and the way they wear clothes.
When someone says, 'Shut up, farmer,' it hurts. It's difficult to explain, but it hurts.
I never remember my parents having an argument.
If you are an investor, I hope that you will stay with me for three, four, ten years. But if you ask me to make profits in ways that I have to change my allure, I won't do that. I won't lose my identity.
I've spent a lot of years living with normal people. If I take a private jet to go to a meeting in Milan, well, that's my business; I can do it. But I don't live for it.
