Italian,Poet
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
The richness of life lies in memories we have forgotten.
Life is pain and the enjoyment of love is an anesthetic.
If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness and fears.
Lessons are not given, they are taken.
Every luxury must be paid for, and everything is a luxury, starting with being in this world.
Love is the cheapest of religions.
No woman marries for money; they are all clever enough, before marrying a millionaire, to fall in love with him first.
No one ever lacks a good reason for suicide.
All sins have their origin in a sense of inferiority otherwise called ambition.
One must look for one thing only, to find many.
One does not kill oneself for love of a woman, but because love - any love - reveals us in our nakedness, our misery, our vulnerability, our nothingness.
A man is never completely alone in this world. At the worst, he has the company of a boy, a youth, and by and by a grown man - the one he used to be.
The only joy in the world is to begin.
Artists are the monks of the bourgeois state.
The closing years of life are like the end of a masquerade party, when the masks are dropped.
Living is like working out a long addition sum, and if you make a mistake in the first two totals you will never find the right answer. It means involving oneself in a complicated chain of circumstances.
One stops being a child when one realizes that telling one's trouble does not make it any better.
The art of living is the art of knowing how to believe lies.
Give me the ready hand rather than the ready tongue.
If it were possible to have a life absolutely free from every feeling of sin, what a terrifying vacuum it would be.
He knows not his own strength that hath not met adversity.
Hate is always a clash between our spirit and someone else's body.
It is not that the child lives in a world of imagination, but that the child within us survives and starts into life only at rare moments of recollection, which makes us believe, and it is not true, that, as children, we were imaginative?
Will power is only the tensile strength of one's own disposition. One cannot increase it by a single ounce.
