Italian,Designer
Fashion is about dreaming and making other people dream.
Creativity comes from a conflict of ideas.
The suit does not represent the businessman anymore. Nor does the loud shirt represent the rock star. The same man can now wear both.
Fashion is a weapon that you can use when you need it.
Elegance is always in style for men. There are all different kinds of elegance. It can be silk, it can be a T-shirt.
The three biggest fashion mistakes are cheap suits, shoes, and shirts. Spend your money on something good.
In mythology, the Medusa can petrify people with a look - which is a good thing, I think. But the Medusa is a unique symbol - something strong. It's about going all the way.
I like perfume and flowers.
In my life I had no other choice than to become a strong person.
It's no good being too easily swayed by people's opinions. You have to believe in yourself.
The first thing I do each morning is get out of bed and give my dog, Audrey, a hug. She's a Jack Russell. I think having an animal is a wonderful thing, particularly dogs. They are great levelers, there's no nonsense with them, and they just want simple affection.
Fashion needs fresh blood, and London is the most creative place for that.
I always wear high heels - I simply feel naked without them.
Fashion is all about happiness. It's fun. It's important. But it's not medicine.
You can't pretend that everybody likes Versace. It would be boring. It's better to create a reaction than to create no reaction. That's dangerous.
If I could dress anyone, I'd like to dress the Queen - she can handle anything. I'd put her in black - she never wears black - and add a little leather, maybe. A little rock n' roll.
Lady Gaga is the present and the future. She is the most revolutionary and inspirational artist. She is fearless and daring.
I have an image of what a British gentleman looks like, and that image finds real expression in Prince Charles. He is beyond fashion - he is an archetype of style.
I think men know to seduce women though words and conversation and nice gestures. That's much sexier than when a man uses muscle.
How do I keep young? Haven't you heard? I sleep every night in the deep freezer!
It's very important for a brand to have an identity through the years, but it's very important as well to evolve because times change so fast.
Plus-sized women shouldn't think of themselves as a size. They should think of themselves as women with rich goals in life. Size doesn't mean, really, anything. You can carry your size with pride and dress in a way that you like.
During the eighties and nineties, people wanted to be chic, elegant, bourgeois.
In Italian there is an expression: We don't sleep on the fame.
I find older men more attractive than boys. I need a man who can teach me a thing or two.
I don't like my physique at all.
I love the mix of people who hang out at nightclubs now. Their individuality is an inspiration to me. The music they listen to, the clothes they wear and the way they wear them defines a street style that I love.
Die and born again, die and born again. It's the story of my life.
The body should be reconfigured by the clothes, never again the other way round.
In fashion, only sexy won't go out of fashion.
You can have small moments of happiness in life. You certainly can't expect years and years of it.
Powerful women intimidate men. If she's a really well-known woman, she has a career, she's famous - in that case, men are really afraid.
Something has to change in the world. Without change, young people will have no future.
In order to be responsible, you need some discipline in your life. For a while I lost mine.
I think there was a time when I was too strict and controlling. I think I asphyxiated my children.
I know who the Versace woman is, because I wear the clothes myself.
I love anyone who breaks the rules, and musicians always break the rules - in an aggressive way.
When I work, I wear pants usually because I want to be comfortable. I wear dark colors, especially in winter, because I don't want to concentrate on myself but on what I'm working on. Because I really, really love clothes, I can start to think too much about myself. It's distracting.
We all retire one day. If we want to, if we don't want to.
Hollywood is a very inspiring place.
I think people need to see Prince live to really understand how remarkable he is.
My muse changes all the time because I think every designer is a bit of a muse for themselves in a way - they just don't want to say it.
I studied at a university in Florence and finished my degree. My mother was very strict about this recipe: You need to get your degree.
You couldn't define the '80s when the '80s were happening. We kept changing. We had shoulder pads, then we didn't. It was revealing, and then it was decoration. It was a lot of things at once. It was defined when it was over.
I like to eat. Definitely. I love sitting around a table with my friends. But I don't know how to cook anything.
Showing your femininity should help your career and not go against your career. Dressing like a man, using the suit to look powerful - that was the '80s, and that didn't help women.
In fashion, women have more sensitivity, more sense of the body, so they know how things fit and feel. Yet there are not many women who study fashion. It's ridiculous.
I love Alexander McQueen. I like the construction of his suits. I think it's fantastic.
Women should be sure of themselves because women have a lot of capacities. We can achieve so many different things that men cannot. I think women are stronger.
Women are all the same; we want to be smaller in the waist, longer legs, slimmer. I design for women and their defects, to make them better.
At that time of the supermodels, celebrities didn't want to be in fashion; they thought they were more intellectual and interesting than anyone in fashion.
I understand that the rule of fashion is to change, even as a successful designer - you do not want to be stuck in the same rut.
I have worked with wool all my life as a designer. There's so much more to it than knitwear - it's an amazingly versatile material and can be used in so many different ways from chic to rustic.
Some men look great unshaven; others just look like they forgot to shave. Beards and mustaches can be really distinctive if you go for an earthy, rock-and-roll look like the Kings of Leon or the Killers.
I don't even know what my natural colour is. Natural? What is natural? What is that? I do not believe in totally natural for women. For me, natural has something to do with vegetables.
New York is full of creative people, not only in fashion.
Fashion is not frivolous.
When I meet celebrities, I have to know what they are like and only then can I design. The clothes have to fit their personality.
To be Catholic puts a lot of fear in you. It's a great religion, but also one that can limit your experience. You fear experience because everything is a sin.
My mother didn't want me to be in fashion. She was in the fashion business, so was my brother, and she thought it was too crazy for me. She wanted me to be married with children, to be independent, yes, but not to have a crazy life.
People are always surprised when they spend time with my children by how normal they are. They're polite. They're well mannered. They're very down to earth, in a way.
When my mother did fittings for her clients, I was hiding, looking at these beautiful ladies try on these fantastic clothes. I was dreaming as a small child to try these clothes on myself.
I was a fashion addict by the time I was 11 years old. I'd wear a miniskirt and patent-leather boots.
To define the era we live in is very difficult. How do we define it? We define it by music.
I think people need to see Prince live to really understand how remarkable he is. He has always been inspiring because he is never afraid to break rules or barriers or invent something new - and if you love fashion, then you need to be able to do that.
I'm like a little kid when it comes to music. I mean, the music is always blasting wherever I am that people always knock on my door and say, 'It's too loud!' But I think music gives so much inspiration.
I'm a designer, and I work very hard at that. People sometimes want to put down fashion by saying it's frivolous or superficial, but it's not that way at all. It's actually very hard work.
I wake up at about the same time every day. I sleep well and wake without an alarm clock.
I do think that exercise is important, not only to keep you in shape but also for your state of mind. However, I am not fanatical about it.
