Italian,Director
If you see with innocent eyes, everything is divine.
A different language is a different vision of life.
My relationship with my body has changed. I used to consider it as a servant who should obey, function, give pleasure. In sickness, you realise that you are not the boss. It is the other way around.
Realism is a bad word. In a sense everything is realistic. I see no line between the imaginary and the real.
There is no end. There is no beginning. There is only the passion of life.
It's easier to be faithful to a restaurant than it is to a woman.
A good opening and a good ending make for a good film provide they come close together.
All art is autobiographical. The pearl is the oyster's autobiography.
Money is everywhere but so is poetry. What we lack are the poets.
If you do what you were born to do, I think you will never grow old.
You exist only in what you do.
Talking about dreams is like talking about movies, since the cinema uses the language of dreams; years can pass in a second, and you can hop from one place to another. It's a language made of image. And in the real cinema, every object and every light means something, as in a dream.
Censorship is advertising paid by the government.
God may not play dice but he enjoys a good round of Trivial Pursuit every now and again.
Through the ages, from the beginning of time, I'm certain man has covered woman's face with masks. They are, however, his masks, not hers.
When I start a picture, I always have a script, but I change it every day. I put in what occurs to me that day out of my imagination. You start on a voyage; you know where you will end up but not what will occur along the way. You want to be surprised.
I always direct the same film. I cannot distinguish one from the other.
In 'Roma,' I wanted to get across the idea that underneath Rome today is ancient Rome. So close. I am always conscious of that, and it thrills me. Imagine being in a traffic jam at the Coliseum! Rome is the most wonderful movie set in the world... As was the case with many of my film ideas, it was inspired by a dream.
The artist is the medium between his fantasies and the rest of the world.
I think television has betrayed the meaning of democratic speech, adding visual chaos to the confusion of voices. What role does silence have in all this noise?
To people of my generation, the picture show was really another dimension - sensual, whimsical. No uniforms or collective rites, but a place where little boys like me could laugh and feel free.
A created thing is never invented and it is never true: it is always and ever itself.
Experience is what you get while looking for something else.
The public has lost the habit of movie-going because the cinema no longer possesses the charm, the hypnotic charisma, the authority it once commanded. The image it once held for us all - that of a dream we dreamt with our eyes open - has disappeared.
Nietzsche claimed that his genius was in his nostrils and I think that is a very excellent place for it to be.
I make pictures to tell a story, to tell lies, and to amuse.
