Italian,Producer
I think it would be stupid for us to try and tell people who are dancing in a discotheque about the problems of the world. That is the very thing they have come away to avoid.
I am reluctant to judge things without being informed.
Dance music doesn't care where you live. It doesn't care who your friends are. It doesn't care how much money you make. It doesn't care if you're 74 or if you are 24 because... 74 is the new 24!
I wanted to get into art. I did some neon stuff. I worked in, not computer-generated, but computer manipulation of pictures.
Disco is music for dancing, and people will always want to dance.
A producer is always behind the scenes, even more in the movies - nobody sees you. I didn't even meet most of the actors. When I worked on 'Top Gun,' I never met Tom Cruise. You were always in the background.
I achieved something specially different with Love To Love You Baby and I Feel Love. These songs will endure.
Even when disco went out, I could still make hits. Once I had so much success, every idea became concentrated. I had so much confidence. I knew how the bass should sound, what rhythms would work. The tempos I knew: 110 to 120 BPM. I knew they would dance in the clubs in New York or anywhere.
The disco sound, you must see, is not art or anything so serious.
I am not so complicated or intelligent a composer, nor am I very interested in becoming so. I am much more happy doing what I know I can do than what I am not sure I could do.
I love Lady Gaga, Rihanna - all the pop girls like Katy Perry. I think Miley Cyrus is very talented, too. Apart from the visuals, which you may like or not like, but her music is quite good, actually. 'Wrecking Ball' is quite a good song, and she sang it really nicely.
My favorite would be 'Love to Love You' because from zero, I went to Number One. I don't think it's the best song - the best one is probably between 'Flashdance' and 'Take My Breath Away.'
My music was typically continental - nothing like, say, The Beatles.
In pop or rock you can make a fast song or a slow one, but in disco there is really just the one rhythm.
I am much more happy doing what I know I can do than what I am not sure I could do.
Phil Ramone is very special. Barbra Streisand or Diana Ross... they are the best.
Nowadays you need so much money to be able to launch a new artist, notably in America; you would hardly believe the sums involved.
It is at least 10 times more difficult to get a good synthesiser sound than on an acoustic instrument.
In both pop and disco, the meaning of the lyrics is not too important. I have nothing I feel I particularly want to say.
I would not be happy to do what I do unless I felt that the large audience wanted it.
I have to admit, I do not listen to much rock music.
I don't think there is too much art involved in what I do.
I am certainly not racist; I even like the British.
Every business is there to make money, and making a record is business. This tends to be forgotten by many.
Disco does work better with black artists or players. They just feel it more.
I listen to the group Disclosure; they have great sounds. Maybe not as adventurous as Skrillex. I think the key thing is to have those beautiful sounds... the amazing sounds of Skrillex are almost phenomenal.
