Italian,Designer
What you wear is how you present yourself to the world, especially today when human contacts go so fast. Fashion is instant language.
Women often don't want to admit that they like fashion. And yet fashion enthralls everyone, from the taxi driver to the mega-intellectual. I have often asked myself why this is. I don't know the answer.
The process of a date, I think, is terrible. Horrible. Because everything is banal and predicted.
Basically I'm trying to make men more sensitive and women stronger.
The only way to do something in depth is to work hard.
Nostalgia is a very complicated subject for me. I'm attracted by nostalgia but I refuse it intellectually.
If you ask, do you like strong men or weak men, I'd say, I like who I like.
I love clothes. Maybe I can say I don't love fashion, but I love clothes completely.
When I design and wonder what the point is, I think of someone having a bad time in their life. Maybe they are sad and they wake up and put on something I have made and it makes them feel just a bit better. So, in that sense, fashion is a little help in the life of a person. But only a little.
Now, I'm not saying I'm fashionable, but there are sociological interests that matter to me, things that are theoretical, political, intellectual and also concerned with vanity and beauty that we all think about but that I try to mix up and translate into fashion.
What interests me most is when a work of art is no longer just an object, but also touches reality and life.
For me, art is about learning and about living with people. It's alive.
I like the irony in my work.
I don't believe that anyone is not bothered by critics. I think that everybody cares.
My learning process is by eye alone; it's not at all scientific.
My parents were truly severe.
I wanted to try to push some freedom into the men's clothes.
I always believe in doing new things and using new materials that I have never used or that I didn't like for a long time.
Every day I'm thinking about change.
Many of us grew up with a kind of puritanism against shopping. But shopping can be much more than how it is cast. If you are bored or you have problems, it can be a way of lifting your spirits, by doing something light and superficial. Why not?
What people sometimes interpret as quirky is my attempt to subvert the concept of luxury by introducing elements that are considered ordinary or commonplace.
For me, it's important to anticipate where fashion is heading.
When I was younger, shopping helped me discover many new places and many new things.
One's life and passion may be elsewhere, but New York is where you prove if what you think in theory makes sense in life.
You want to be understood by the sophisticated few but you also have to be more loud somehow, otherwise your message doesn't go through.
Before I had kids, I was out every night of the week.
