Italian,Writer
Politics have no relation to morals.
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.
I'm not interested in preserving the status quo; I want to overthrow it.
The wise man does at once what the fool does finally.
There is no avoiding war; it can only be postponed to the advantage of others.
He who wishes to be obeyed must know how to command.
There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things.
If an injury has to be done to a man it should be so severe that his vengeance need not be feared.
It is double pleasure to deceive the deceiver.
The promise given was a necessity of the past: the word broken is a necessity of the present.
It is not titles that honor men, but men that honor titles.
The first method for estimating the intelligence of a ruler is to look at the men he has around him.
Never was anything great achieved without danger.
The more sand has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.
Men should be either treated generously or destroyed, because they take revenge for slight injuries - for heavy ones they cannot.
One who deceives will always find those who allow themselves to be deceived.
One change always leaves the way open for the establishment of others.
When you disarm the people, you commence to offend them and show that you distrust them either through cowardice or lack of confidence, and both of these opinions generate hatred.
Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great.
Hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil.
There are three kinds of intelligence: one kind understands things for itself, the other appreciates what others can understand, the third understands neither for itself nor through others. This first kind is excellent, the second good, and the third kind useless.
Tardiness often robs us opportunity, and the dispatch of our forces.
God is not willing to do everything, and thus take away our free will and that share of glory which belongs to us.
War is just when it is necessary; arms are permissible when there is no hope except in arms.
Before all else, be armed.
Whoever conquers a free town and does not demolish it commits a great error and may expect to be ruined himself.
For among other evils caused by being disarmed, it renders you contemptible; which is one of those disgraceful things which a prince must guard against.
Men ought either to be indulged or utterly destroyed, for if you merely offend them they take vengeance, but if you injure them greatly they are unable to retaliate, so that the injury done to a man ought to be such that vengeance cannot be feared.
The distinction between children and adults, while probably useful for some purposes, is at bottom a specious one, I feel. There are only individual egos, crazy for love.
Hence it comes about that all armed Prophets have been victorious, and all unarmed Prophets have been destroyed.
