Italian,Athlete
Riding a race bike is an art - a thing that you do because you feel something inside.
The most important thing is to have a good relationship with the bike... you have to understand what she wants. I think of a motorcycle as a woman, and I know that sounds silly, but it's true.
Maybe the bike is more dangerous, but the passion for the car for me is second to the bike.
I race to win. If I am on the bike or in a car it will always be the same.
To be a great motorbike racer, the most important thing is passion for the bike.
My normal life is like being on holiday.
The great fights with your strongest rivals are always the biggest motivation. When you win easily it's not the same taste.
I don't like being famous - it is like a prison. And driving for Ferrari would make it far worse.
I'm Valentino Rossi. And I want to be a person, not an icon.
As for the level of spectacle of the two disciplines, I leave it to the people who watch the races to comment.
I have won on Honda and Yamaha so maybe it is interesting to win with a third team, Ducati, who are Italian.
Maybe if Graziano make another work or another sport I wouldn't have had this passion to be a rider.
My father raced bikes. He gave me the passion very early. I had my first bike when I was three or four years old.
It's a big, big advantage because understanding what changes we might make takes time and it takes time to work out settings and to understand everything about the new machine.
The work that we do during the winter is very important; we have a new bike and it's important to develop it during this time, and we start with this test.
I am able to ride the bike and think clearly about strategy and tyres. I also have positive thinking. I am very constructively critical.
It is a big problem and so I don't know for sure if I say yes or no to Ferrari.
I was lucky. My father raced bikes. He gave me the passion very early. I had my first bike when I was three or four years old.
I never race for records. The motivation to try to beat the record is not enough to continue. You have to enjoy it.
I have a lot of energy after 2 A.M. I like to sleep in the morning. I have some problems at the start of the day.
Fortunately during my career I have won more or less everything, so I need to enjoy it to have the right motivation.
To win the Championship in the first year will be hard. We need time to become competitive and win races.
Also, when I started racing he knew a lot of people and it was more easy for me to find the first bike, so I have a good chance for sure.
But I could also start F1 or rallying. I love rallying much more.
How do Ferrari know what I'm doing next year when I don't know what I'm doing next week?
I always enjoyed myself a lot in pre-school.
