British,Model
The one product I can't live without is my mascara. I'm addicted to long eyelashes and think girls just look so pretty with long lashes!
I've always been a bit of a poser. I was chucked out of ballet lessons for looking in the mirror.
I love doing girly stuff with my mum or with Sophia. I took Sophia and a couple of her friends to the Hello Kitty spa. They had chocolate facials and Hello Kitty mani-pedis. I put it on my Twitter and got lots of abuse for it, but I think it's just a nice girly thing.
I never go wild with nails.
Fashion definitely has the power to change the world.
I can't stop staring at my beautiful new baby.
I've got no interest in football. My brother's a footballer, too, and I was dragged to the freezing pitch every week as a child. I don't see much glamour in it.
Originally, I wanted a pop career and formed a girl-band 'Genie Queen' managed by Andy McClusky from 'Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark', but it didn't work out. My brother John is the talented singer and song-writer with 'The Razz,' while my other brother Sean is a footballer for Telford United.
Leather pants are my guilty fashion pleasure. I have at least 10 pairs in navy, red, white, dusty pink, grey, suede and black.
I love to read, and I love Martina Cole.
I'd always had quite a privileged lifestyle, to be honest. I've never wanted for anything, but I do know the value of things. I'm not, like, a brat.
I was already in a band, and the teachers called my mum in and said: 'Abbey's so clever, it's a total waste if she follows her dream'. But I never wanted to do a job I didn't love, and I'd always wanted to be a model or an actress or a singer.
I don't have to worry about the obvious things like money.
My mum had four kids on her own, so if I had one kid with one nanny and not a full-time job, it would be a joke. And I think the impossible happens when you leave your kids. I've seen so many nannies in the park on their phones, and the kids are running off.
My favourite smell on a man is Lynx and Marc Jacobs.
I always have my Laura Mercier foundation and concealer with me, and I love the Rimmel Kate Moss lipsticks. My favourite is shade 08, because it's just such a lovely natural colour with just a bit of pink to it.
When I'm doing my own makeup, I just stick to a bit of black liner, some blush and a nude glossy lip.
Scholl Velvet Smooth Express Pedi is just great. You get yourself in a hot bath to soften up your skin and then use this, and it really works. Plus, it's so easy to do, and you don't have to leave the house, so whenever you want to put sandals on, you don't have to worry about going to the salon.
I love the Kerastase Hair Oils and the Philip Kingsley Elasticizer. They're great for making my hair really soft, but to be honest, any cheap conditioner works. Just leave it on and let it soak in, and it really helps, whatever you use.
I think it's important to keep your own identity when you've got a baby.
Honestly, I don't buy papers or the weeklies. I think when something messy does happen, you just need your closest friends and family all around you, and it's nothing to do with anyone else.
I use loads of moisturising products and make sure I cleanse, tone and moisturise every day. It's just so important to always keep your skin moisturised.
My mum taught me to always make sure you protect your skin with SPF. I always make sure I put my St. Tropez SPF on my face every morning, no matter the weather, before I go out of the house.
I'm constantly on the go and have found rushing round after a new born baby is the best form of exercise! I always remind myself that men appreciate a womanly shape and some curves!
I must be the only person in 'Strictly' history who's actually put on weight during rehearsals.
I drink a lot of water.
