British,Athlete
The more you believe in yourself, the faster you're going to get.
Biceps for show, triceps for go.
There is a very thin line between confidence and arrogance.
I've been going to the same barber the last few years, and we have great chats whenever I'm in the chair. He'll ask: 'How you doing? How's the training going?' Just ordinary, obvious things, but then, like you do with your barber, you start talking about personal stuff.
I enjoy racing because I want to do it. No one's forcing me.
Grime reminds me that swimming is very gladiatorial.
I love tuning into Radio 1 on a Friday night after training and hearing the new stuff.
I am only this successful because I'm so good at grounding myself.
Every day I try to push the boundaries, and it's paid off.
I've become the hunted. I'm enjoying that. It's better to be the hunted than the hunter.
Your barber always knows everything that goes on in the town, doesn't he?
Seeing that flag means so much: I am inspired by my Queen, my country.
When you take the world record, a lot of people are going to go out there to get you, really. I kind of enjoy that. I like being chased.
Not that I went into the Olympics with any doubt, but my holiday plans afterwards depended on how well I did - bronze, silver or gold.
It hasn't always been a sweet ride. When I was 15, I almost hated racing in finals because I was so nervous. But as I got more experienced, I had to choose between fight and flight - and I've fought every time.
I'm not a cheater, but if I win Olympic gold and people are looking at me and saying I am a cheat because I've won, it's hugely disrespectful given the hard work I've put in.
I don't think I'm a good dancer.
My family are massive fans of 'I'm A Celeb,' so that would be pretty cool. There's so many areas where you can go in and enjoy, but I just like meeting new people.
I'm into my grime, hip-hop, dance, and house music.
I like Jaykae. He's a great artist, and I absolutely love Dr. Dre's album and a bit of Calvin Harris now and then.
I like the dark undertow of grime, and it gets me aggressive. You need that aggression.
The roar of the crowd when you come out for a final is like nothing else: when 15,000 people are cheering you, a lot of adrenaline goes right through you.
I believe in that gladiatorial mind-set. I love it.
I think the rest of the world has a very wide, very slow kick. It's very simple, breaststroke. People think it's highly technical. But the more narrow, more effective and quicker you can execute it, the faster you are going to go. There's less drag, basically.
In sport, a massive amount is to do with genetics.
Ever since I did that 57.9 last year, the Americans have been analysing me in detail. You can see on the swimming web pages. They are breaking it down in every detail. How many strokes I take. How quick I am in and out of the wall.
I believe I can get faster because I have trained for it, and I'm doing faster times I've ever done in training.
I've made sure I am working hard enough to get that lead and keep it there.
It's good for kids to look up to sporting role models.
Kids are always going to be around people who break world records and that. It's how you deal with that. I never let it get in the way of my race, but I am always more than happy after the race to sign autographs and have photos.
I went 59.9 sec. when I was 18 and thought, 'Hmm, that was fast - let's see how much faster we can go and what the rest of the world can do to keep up.'
I'm hugely patriotic.
I love the Royal Family and every aspect of Britain and what we have achieved in history.
