British,Writer
Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth.
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
Where there is no imagination there is no horror.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data.
I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.
There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.
Our ideas must be as broad as Nature if they are to interpret Nature.
My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation.
Any truth is better than indefinite doubt.
London, that great cesspool into which all the loungers and idlers of the Empire are irresistibly drained.
Of all ghosts the ghosts of our old loves are the worst.
A trusty comrade is always of use; and a chronicler still more so.
From a drop of water a logician could infer the possibility of an Atlantic or a Niagara without having seen or heard of one or the other.
We can't command our love, but we can our actions.
Violence does, in truth, recoil upon the violent, and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another.
There is nothing more unaesthetic than a policeman.
I never guess. It is a shocking habit destructive to the logical faculty.
As a rule, said Holmes, the more bizarre a thing is the less mysterious it proves to be. It is your commonplace, featureless crimes which are really puzzling, just as a commonplace face is the most difficult to identify.
You will, I am sure, agree with me that... if page 534 only finds us in the second chapter, the length of the first one must have been really intolerable.
I have frequently gained my first real insight into the character of parents by studying their children.
The ideal reasoner, he remarked, would, when he had once been shown a single fact in all its bearings, deduce from it not only all the chain of events which led up to it but also all the results which would follow from it.
Depend upon it there comes a time when for every addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before. It is of the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out the useful ones.
As Cuvier could correctly describe a whole animal by the contemplation of a single bone, so the observer who has thoroughly understood one link in a series of incidents should be able to accurately state all the other ones, both before and after.
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Nothing clears up a case so much as stating it to another person.
