British,Poet
You can find poetry in your everyday life, your memory, in what people say on the bus, in the news, or just what's in your heart.
The poem is a form of texting... it's the original text. It's a perfecting of a feeling in language - it's a way of saying more with less, just as texting is.
Christmas is taken very seriously in this household. I believe in Father Christmas, and there's no way I'd do anything to undermine that belief.
I think the dangers are different now. Our abuse of the planet and our resources is an anxiety.
I have piles of poetry books in the bathroom, on the stairs, everywhere. The only way to write poetry is to read it.
When you have a child, your previous life seems like someone else's. It's like living in a house and suddenly finding a room you didn't know was there, full of treasure and light.
I see the shape of the poem before I start writing, and the writing is just the process of arriving at the shape.
I still read Donne, particularly his love poems.
Poets deal in writing about feelings and trying to find the language and images for intense feelings.
Edinburgh is my favourite city. We'll be doing a lot of children's theatre and galleries.
Between 9am and 3pm is when I work most intensely.
It's always good when women win things in fiction because it tends to be more male-dominated, unlike poetry, which is more equal.
Every day is a gift with a child, no matter what problems you have.
I write in that space between Ella's childhood and mine. I know it all sounds a bit sinister.
Like the sand and the oyster, it's a creative irritant. In each poem, I'm trying to reveal a truth, so it can't have a fictional beginning.
Poetry and prayer are very similar.
I write quite a lot of sonnets, and I think of them almost as prayers: short and memorable, something you can recite.
My prose is turgid, it just hasn't got any energy.
I'll be left writing picture books and fairy tales.
If I felt, in the event of a royal wedding, inspired to write about people coming together in marriage or civil partnership, I would just be grateful to have an idea for the poem. And if I didn't, I'd ignore it.
I like to think that I'm a sort of poet for our times.
I always say that I'll have a go and see whether the poem works and if it does, then fine.
I am always pleased to be asked to write a poem.
If we think of what's up ahead, with climate change and wars over water, it's very frightening.
Auden said poetry makes nothing happen. But I wonder if the opposite could be true. It could make something happen.
I still have a feeling that I haven't written the best that I can write. I think all poets must feel this: that there is constantly something new to be discovered in the language. It's like a thrilling encounter, and you can find things.
