British,Scientist
The old university attitude of 'publish or perish' has changed. Students and academics are realising that institutions such as Imperial College are also wealth-generators. It is very satisfying to be in a university where you have the freedom to innovate and yet know that there is a path to translate your work into industry.
Every cell in your body contains the same genetic information.
For my entire career, I have worked to bring electronic inventions to healthcare markets where there is a critical and urgent need.
For me, the ability to use semiconductor sequencing to provide a medical diagnosis in just a few hours that once took days is a crucial step in saving the lives of patients. This is particularly significant for the treatment of sepsis, where every minute matters.
Medical Device technology is truly interdisciplinary.
Bio Life Technical's strategy of providing technical due diligence by expert professors from core disciplines and world class experts working with interdisciplinary institutes, such as Imperial College's Institute of Biomedical Engineering, will enable a more thorough scientific evaluation of the technology.
I am completely opposed to the concept of big data.
I just did not get on at my school. It completely failed to inspire me.
I learned the hard way how desperately primitive is the technology we have for monitoring the health of someone with a chronic illness.
I set out to create chips that used low-energy technology, and that has allowed me to develop devices that can do all their data crunching on site.
I'm embarrassed to admit that I didn't even do my A-levels.
Too much collagen will damage the skin. You will get collagen overload.
We can replace the big monitors in hospitals with intelligent, disposable plasters that you throw away after wearing for a couple of days.
Academics are becoming much more entrepreneurial these days.
I've spent a lot of time trying to understand how all the big cosmetics companies get away with the placebo science and unscientific claims.
If I can get people to accept that a DNA test is nothing to be intimidated about, then we can do tests that determine how well you metabolise certain drugs and test for breast cancer.
When patients are admitted to hospital for elective surgery or non-urgent conditions, their vital signs are only monitored every four hours, unless they have been identified as being at high risk of deterioration.
Patients can often be discharged from hospital, then re-admitted a few days later with complications.
