British,Politician
The House Democrats don't want Gore humiliated, so they slammed the door of the Capitol in my face. They are cowards.
You can't prove any hypothesis, you can only improve or disprove it.
Someone has to stand up and speak for the freedoms of the little guy.
The Biblical world view sees Earth and its ecosystems as the effect of a wise God's creation and... therefore robust, resilient, and self-regulating, like the product of any good engineer.
I am convinced that policies meant to reduce alleged carbon dioxide-induced global warming will be destructive.
The right response to the non-problem of global warming is to have the courage to do nothing.
Nothing surprises me about the Lords.
I was for many years myself a journalist and it is not appropriate to say a programme should not be broadcast.
I've never gone around bashing homosexuals, and I am not homophobic.
Radiative transfer calculations I can do standing on my head.
If Britain was to close down altogether overnight, then China would take up the slack of carbon emissions in two years. If America closed down, just the growth in China's emissions would replace America's emissions in 12 years.
Well, I like to think that my illness has prevented me from rising to any number of dizzy heights.
According to my wife, my use of vocabulary is wide and varied.
The importance of human life should be universally respected - and that refers to children before they are born and after. All children have the right to be brought up in a loving two-parent family where the notion of divorce is not even possible.
People tend to think that I know less about what I'm talking about than I actually do - usually people who think that all aristocrats are stupid.
I'm bad at doing what I'm told. I'm a born free thinker.
I'm no birther, don't get me wrong.
There is no global warming problem, there isn't going to be a global warming problem. Sit back and enjoy the sunshine.
The House of Lords says I'm not a member of it. My passport says I am - get used to it.
You can't say for certain what will happen to the weather in the long term.
