British,Musician
I've had a blessed life. I've pulled back from trying to control my destiny and gone back to accepting whatever fate has in store for me. I live for today because I don't know what'll happen tomorrow.
It's hard to watch your life unfold, and sad. Life changes.
I humbly apologise for reality Television.
The nicest thing about coming of age is that I can do whatever I like.
I just thank God when I wake up every day.
'Blind Date' was my lifeline. It was 90 minutes when I could forget about everything, forget about the world.
Back when I was helping put the swing into the swinging '60s, I used to hang out with Cathy McGowan. We'd be doing 'Ready Steady Go!' on T.V., and Biba used to make our dresses. We'd be in the flat in Cromwell Road on Friday night, just before the live show, and they'd still be sewing.
I love books and the latest autobiographies. I'm a Gemini and love being with people, but then again, I love my own company, which is when I read most.
I never did acid, I am just so high anyway.
I don't like the selfie because it's too close. There ain't no people with arms long enough to do a selfie of me.
Who wouldn't fancy Brian Epstein? He was tall and handsome and had money and class.
My idea of baking is buying a ready-make cake mix and throwing in an egg.
The best advice he gave me was to carry on. It would have been difficult to set foot back inside a TV studio if I hadn't carried on - I don't know if I would have ever gone back in.
Well it has been very exciting and very changing as well. Celebrating the 40th year and having the album out and the Channel 4 documentary and I resigned from Blind Date.
Nothing is a career move. Everything I've done this year has so not been a career move.
I had to do the book because there was an unauthorised biography which didn't tell it like it was.
But reality television is here to stay.
I did smoke a joint once but I did not enjoy it.
The difference with me is that I did inhale.
It was an unknown thing, a lot of people had very bad trips and I like to be in control.
I don't want to see older people on T.V. I want to see young, pretty people on T.V.
'Blind Date' was based on an Australian show called 'Perfect Match', which I first saw when I was on tour there. And I couldn't understand why it wasn't on British T.V.
I never thought I'd be on T.V. For me as a kid in Liverpool, it was a more realistic option to be a singer.
I tried never to take anything for granted.
I can do the PR thing until the cows come home. That's my nature. I never want to upset anybody.
I give 150%. I'm a professional, a pro.
In the Sixties, you needed talent to make it.
Anything which interferes with my social life is a no-no.
I wouldn't mind being a talent show judge if it didn't run for too long.
I intend to grow old very disgracefully.
I'm quite subdued, believe it or not. I switch it on for the camera.
You couldn't give me any more confidence than when I was on T.V. because I was in control, but I wasn't in control in my private life.
I love cookery programmes.
I'm very quiet off stage.
There's nothing going into my mouth that's not wrapped.
The first time I went to Abbey Road and put those headphones on, I discovered I had two voices. I no longer had to shout in the studio, but I can't knock the Cavern or the other clubs because they gave me my strong voice.
I've got a bike in the lounge that I watch Coronation Street on. I never had to watch my weight until I had the children, but with the bike, I'm fine.
I am falling apart. My hand is falling apart. I can't shake hands. I had arthritis, and I had an operation for it.
You see on 'Britain's Got Talent' and 'X Factor,' they all wear ear plugs. But I could not hear myself when I wore them. So that is where the strong voice came from.
I don't see why I should be a dame for just doing what I always wanted to do.
I don't want to be a burden on anybody.
There's a whole generation out there who don't know that I was a pop singer in the early days.
I've got lots of great friends in show business, and that's all they are. Great friends. I'll never marry again - what's the point? I had the best. I've got friends all over the world, and that's enough for me.
It's true what they say: 'You don't appreciate what you've got until it's gone.' I miss love. I miss being looked after.
I've had days when I go in my bedroom for 24 hours at a time. I call them my Cilla Black days, and they're literally black days. It's like the old Boomtown Rats song 'I Don't Like Mondays.' You just want to shut the whole day down.
I'm a Roman Catholic. Or was. I was brought up that way and used to say my prayers every night, but I don't pray to God any more. I might use the usual phrases I picked up from my parents, 'Oh, if God spares me next year...' or 'Please God...' but they're only phrases.
Having a biopic made is very flattering.
T.V. found me. I was offered jobs. It came in handy when I started having babies. Just one night's work, and then I could go home. I loved 'Surprise Surprise', but it was hard work. 'Blind Date' was a doddle by comparison.
On my gravestone, I want 'Here lies the singer,' not 'Here lies the T.V. presenter'.
I would have loved to have cracked America. When I tried, I got homesick. Then, when I was in New York, my nanna died, and I just wanted to come home.
I was reading about an age pill that has been developed which they claim will make you live longer. That is not for me.
I don't want to live beyond the age of 75. That would be a good point to bow out. I don't want to go on for ever.
When I go out, it's to have a good time, not to find a man.
