British,Businessman
Perhaps the gravest under-publicized atrocity in the world is the persecution of Christians.
Walter Cronkite was a personally decent and convivial man, who literally couldn't kill a fly, was kind to his children, generally helpful to juniors, authentically curious about the news, and, in his time, an energetic reporter.
A quest for knowledge is not a war with faith; spirituality is not usually an infelicitous amalgam of superstition and philistinism; and moral relativism, taken outside midfield, leads inexorably both to heresy and to secular wickedness, which are often identical.
From the early Seventies to the mid-Eighties, I approached Rome at a snail's pace. Having concluded that God existed, I could not seriously entertain the thought of not trying to be in contact with Him.
The United States is a proud, determined, hard-working, talented, patriotic nation and people, and it is not over-extended in the manner of empires of the past that took over the lands of others and eventually collapsed under the weight of the over-ambitious hegemon.
I do not at all have the mind of a bully... in my mind bullies are intolerant of contrary opinion, domineering and rather cowardly. I would hope that none of those terms could be fairly used in describing me.
I made 50 million bucks yesterday. That's a flameout I could get used to.
I don't go around trying to stir up foreign wars.
I am a passport-carrying citizen of the E.U.
I'm not a xenophobe - I think immigration is a good thing for most countries - but they transmute the foibles of their native tongues into English in a way that's difficult to figure out.
Maximising my wealth was never my chief thing.
Rupert Murdoch is probably the most successful media proprietor and operator in history.
Although his personality is generally quite agreeable, Mr Murdoch has no loyalty to anyone or anything except his company.
I don't have any shame.
I am proud of being in a U.S. federal prison and surviving it.
I may have made a mistake in renouncing my Canadian citizenship, which I have never ceased to promise to try to regain.
I always keep a firewall between my own travails and my perception of public-policy issues; otherwise I would retain no credibility as a commentator.
I never ask for mercy and seek no one's sympathy.
There are some people whose opinion I value and respect and it would be very bothersome if I forfeited their respect. But the general public? I'm not preoccupied with the opinions of others.
The U.S. prosecution service is eating at the soul of the American republic. It is an absolute danger to everyone.
There is no doubt that the second President Bush inherited a very serious terrorist threat, though not such a threat as had been represented by the totalitarian Great Powers, Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union.
Terrorists cannot threaten the survival of a great nation.
Guerrilla wars, and even more so terrorist assaults, are conducted only by forces with insufficient strength to carry out a real war.
No one could seriously dispute that almost all of sub-Saharan Africa, all of North Africa except Morocco, all of the Middle East except Israel and Jordan and most of the oil-rich states, and the entire former British Indian Empire were better governed by Europeans.
The vicar of Christ is an individual, not an electorate.
The facts of Watergate have been wildly exaggerated.
