British,Artist
Life is full of banana skins. You slip, you carry on.
I can't understand it when people are closed-minded. I mean, boy, have I made mistakes and been very wrong. I can't tell you the amounts of times I've been let down, but I still try to see the best in people.
I spend a lot of time upside down. It increases the blood flow to the brain, so it really helps your creativity.
Fragrance takes you on a journey of time. You can walk down the street and pass someone and get taken back 20 years. It's very Proustian that way.
Sunglasses are great, but I always feel a bit pretentious wearing sunglasses. I mean, I do love to wear them.
I treat clothing or a piece of jewelry like it was a piece of art, even though people who collect clothes get a bad rap because they're told it's all vanity.
There hasn't been anything real since grunge. That was the last movement led by music or an art form.
Memories are like mercury. Every time you sort of try to get near them, they slip out of your hand like a bar of soap.
I just am who I am. And then when people label me eccentric or different, I'm kind of astonished because I think, 'This is completely normal. This is just how I am, it's how I've always been.'
I've been really upset sometimes when I've been misquoted. And it's the one thing they use in big print. Or it's taken out of context. Thoughts are fluid and words are sticky. That's the thing.
We need a government, not politics. Because there's too much politics. Of course there should be debate. But there seems to be so much pettiness and not enough good faith. It is civilized to agree to disagree, and this idea is slowly disintegrating. The great statesmen of the past knew this, and I think it helps drive civilization.
Fantasy appeals to me and can be very much reflected in my dress - but then, each day is different. Not every day is a magical day.
I'd quite like to have one place where I stay put. And I don't like living in cities all the time. In order to have ideas, you have to have some peace and quiet.
Fashion is not just about trends. It's about political history. You can trace it from the ancient Romans to probably until the '80s, and you can see defining moments that were due either to revolutions or changes in politics.
I know sometimes I can come off like a lonely spinster in a tower. That's not me at all.
It's quite nice to have a place to leave things. You can be a permanent gypsy, but it's nice to go home.
I'm normally late, so I just kind of throw on the sort of thing that's at hand. And then I'll go through phases of wearing the same thing again and again and again - and my wardrobe is mainly about black and white, so it goes together. I'll play with certain elements, but I don't really think about it too much.
I've always been more slight, and I've always sort of felt that I needed to be protected, especially with so many rowdy brothers and sisters.
I don't tell anybody else what to wear. I would never dream of it.
I never read gossip press. I just read books. And I never switch on the TV anymore.
I don't approach fashion; fashion approaches me!
I really don't understand the idea of a celebrity stylist. Is it a real job? I know there's unemployment, but frankly the railways need to be fixed, too.
Love is agony, isn't it? I've been involved with someone for some time now, but it's all so complicated. It's never straightforward is it? You meet someone, you fall in love, it's the most wonderful thing ever but... There's always something that's not quite right about love, isn't there?
People always assume I don't need to work for money, but my divorce settlement was not as much as it's always reported to be.
If I eat, I can't work. I'll eat when I'm dead.
In fashion, there are so many gangs, if you identify too much with one, you get caught - I would lose my freedom.
I don't dress for effect, and I think that it never works out when someone does.
I don't regard clothing as disposable, which is probably why I have so much of it!
