British,Model
Your body is your body; it's natural. Learn to love yourself for it.
I was real into theater, and then I tried soccer, acting and ballet. Both my parents didn't want a child-star model, so I didn't get into modeling until I was 14.
I really like to have a moment alone at the house, either in the morning or when I come home from work, when I can just zone out at my computer, relax, stare out the window, get into a 'Game of Thrones' episode, go up on my roof, whatever, then go out to dinner.
The ideal feminist world shouldn't be one where women suppress their human instincts for attention and desire. We shouldn't be weighed down with the responsibility of explaining our every move. We shouldn't have to apologize for wanting attention, either. We don't owe anyone an explanation.
I always say, 'Do you have a body? Then you're swimsuit ready.' That's all you need to worry about.
It's a weird thing. Rick Springfield wrote 'Jessie's Girl,' and he probably gets sick of talking about 'Jessie's Girl.' The thing is, I didn't write 'Blurred Lines.' I didn't direct the music video. I'm really happy for the success, but it is kind of a funny thing to follow me around.
One thing that I can say is that I think it's important that there's some sort of celebration of beautiful women that isn't just exploitive.
I always have sort of been someone who has contradictory parts, and I haven't tried to uncomplicate myself. I've sort of let things seem contradictory, and sometimes it really confuses people. I don't know if it's working all the time, but I'd rather do that than try to sell myself as one thing or another.
I want to know who is spending $1,000 on a sweater! That makes no sense!
The female body is a beautiful thing, and it should be embraced and celebrated.
A selfie is a sort of interesting way to reclaim the gaze, right? You're looking at yourself and taking a photo while looking at everyone. But also, who cares?
I have great childhood memories cow-tipping, going off and getting lost in the bog for hours, and coming home covered in dirt.
Female empowerment is always something that I've felt. It's not about just being a model; it's about women in general.
There's nothing wrong with being comfortable in your own skin. If anything, it can be really beautiful.
Nudity isn't something people should take offense to.
I feel like it's always about how this girl stays thin, or what one girl is doing to another, and it shouldn't be that way.
I genuinely hit puberty before everyone.
We're animals. A body is a body.
I basically stay in jewelry all the time. I have the same couple of necklaces, earrings, and rings, and they usually don't come off my body.
When people are like, 'College! Oh my God! Ultimate freedom!' I didn't feel that way. My roommates were loving hitting the town, but I wasn't as psyched about going to the frats.
Wanting attention is genderless. It's human.
Every woman, whether or not they're comfortable with the term 'feminist,' probably wants to be equal to men, and that is fundamentally what feminism is about.
I think that there are a lot of male writers and directors in Hollywood, and a lot of the female characters you do see are really one-dimensional, but I think that's changing more and more as there are more women taking control in Hollywood.
I think everyone has their awkward phases. Growing up isn't easy for everyone. I definitely had my awkward moments.
I think I had really good parents. I got really lucky. They said, 'You're a woman; enjoy yourself and believe that you can do things.'
I'm more of a Smithwick's or Bulmer's girl than a pint of Guinness.
My hair is very straight - people always think that I've ironed it when I get to set.
I'm a carnivore. I really like to eat meat. I crave iron, so I am definitely not the kind of person who you will find eating a salad.
I like to keep it really balanced to give my body energy and also be healthy.
I want to establish myself as someone who can act and doesn't have to rely on my figure or modelling background.
The world should not be exclusive of the ideal body. It has to include all ideals, all bodies.
Desire is normal. Attention is normal, and that's okay.
A woman can be seeking attention and also make a statement.They don't need to be mutually exclusive.
I signed with an acting agent first; I wasn't really interested in signing with a modeling agent. But that same day, they said, 'You should go over to Ford.'
I don't know what it is, but French men love me.
Generally, I just think there is a real lacking in men knowing how to hit on women.
I think 'Everything Ravaged, Everything Burned' might be a perfect book.
I drive a Nissan Versa and would never spend real money on a car because I destroy things.
I like to be asked about the projects I'm working on. I like to be asked about the books I'm reading, the things I'm interested in, what's exciting me right now, or even politics. Sometimes that's fun.
I think always what happens when you ask men questions on the red carpet, it's always based on what projects they're working on, whatever they're about, rather than this, 'Give us little tips for all of us women'... because we're all the same. Questions should just be more individual.
People will say, 'How do I get abs like you?' I don't know. We're all different. If my girlfriend did what I did, hiking and yoga for a workout, it would affect her body in a different way. That's the message that I really want to get out there. I'm trying to counteract that culture.
I cook a lot, so that really helps: You know how much salt and sugar and all of that kind of stuff you are putting in your body.
I'm completely bathing suit-obsessed, and I love lurking on Instagram looking for the best bikinis.
The thing to know is love yourself and find the bathing suits that make you feel comfortable and just rock it.
I'm not always going to like the paparazzi photos, but I'm still going to go to lunch with my boyfriend.
My mum bought discounted tickets for shows like 'Cats' and 'Les Miserables'; I became completely enamoured.
To me, 'sexy' is a kind of beauty, a kind of self-expression, one that is to be celebrated.
I didn't necessarily intend it for myself, but it just happens with Instagram and Twitter; people come up to me and call me Emrata; they don't call me Emily. That's my brand, my identity.
It sounds really cliched, but just be true to who you are.
Learning how to drive was a scary thing.
When I spend a lot of time in New York, or somewhere when I don't have a car, I miss that mobility and freedom that you have when you have a car. You don't have to rely on anyone else.
I remember the first time I pulled out of my driveway in my grandparents' Nissan Ultimate or Centra. I just remember getting in a car that smells like my grandparents, with both my parents standing on the lawn, so petrified. That was my car up until I was 18.
I'm really sick of the 'one percent' that is taking all the money from this country, draining the middle class, making it nonexistent.
For me, I want a president who is more than a symbol, someone who has ideas that I align with.
We're able to choose our candidate not based on gender or sex or anything else other than their ideas.
I didn't want to act in high school, because I was sick of auditioning for Nickelodeon, Disney mean girls, or the cheerleader.
There is winter in L.A., there is rain in L.A. But there is no rain on 'Entourage.'
I spent most of my time with adults because although my parents were older when they had me, they're really like teenagers. I sort of became the third musketeer.
When I was eleven years old, I basically looked the same as I do now.
I don't believe in proving myself, ever. I'm in the school of thought where if someone is a curious person, they can find whatever they want.
I did go to UCLA for art, but the other option was going to Sarah Lawrence and doing creative writing all the way. So that is part of the reason I love to read so much.
I don't know that it needs to be a transition from modeling to acting. I think that they can both exist at the same time.
I would really like to take on something that really surprises people and shows that I want to be taken seriously as an actress. Also, creatively speaking, that sounds really fun.
My high school didn't have a football team; we just had like a surf team, because I grew up in Encinitas, California, which is the ultimate place where everyone skated or surfed, so it was a very different culture. It was, like, cool to be the art kid.
I suck at surfing. I can't pull myself up.
I met Patti Smith, which is not Hollywood, but that really blew my mind. I love her. We were at a very small party, too, on a boat, and I totally fanned out. I told her that I loved her, and wasn't cool at all.
I think that the stigmas against model-actresses - and even just, like, entertainer, celebrity chef, and musician - those kinds of walls have been broken down, and you can do multiple things. So while I can, I don't see why I would stop.
I've always been full-figured in a not-boyish way.
I really like to hike. L.A. is a great place for that. And doing yoga a couple of times a week is a really big part of my regimen.
Honestly, I am not a huge beauty girl, so I'm pretty low-maintenance, California.
I like going in the ocean and leaving my hair for two days with the saltwater beachy look. I think that is part of the reason I would love to cut my hair short. I just wouldn't ever have to think about it.
I really love Celine. Obviously. Alexander Wang. Givenchy. Those are probably my main favorites. Dolce & Gabbana, too.
I have the same skin-care routine morning and night, although I'm not one of those people who always uses the same products. My skin changes with the weather.
I have really big features, so a little makeup goes a long way. I would hate to look like a clown.
If I have a meeting or need to look more done up, the thing I can always do is a cat eye.
I actually don't wear fragrance. I always feel like I smell cheap. I guess I just haven't found one that's not overpowering or too sweet. Even when I try one of the super masculine scents, I just think, 'I don't want to smell like a man.' Besides, I like my own scent.
Lunch is usually a salad or a sandwich. If I'm on set, I'll have catering, but I'm well behaved with that stuff. It's easy to go crazy - they know how to feed you.
I sleep the best in my own bed, which is too bad because I'm not sleeping in my bed enough.
I never eat at home. Dinner is my time to be social and catch up with people.
There are some people who fit into categories very well. But then there are a lot who don't.
The main criticism that I get is, 'Aren't you just conforming to a patriarchal standard of beauty?' Well, this is just the body I was given. I didn't do anything to it - it's just my body. But even if I had altered it, that would be fine, too.
My friends are not in the industry - they're young artists or knitwear designers or whatever.
I grew up in San Diego, California, and I spent a lot of time in the summer basically living in a bathing suit, you know, get in the car and drive straight to the beach and spend the entire day in that thing, so I always approached bathing suits thinking that they are very much like outfits.
For me it's always about trying to consistently maintain a fit and body-conscious eating schedule so three days before I'm not like, 'Oh my God - I have a bathing suit shoot I have to do.'
Pop music is always great for keeping the energy up, but it can get really old, especially after eight hours, just because there aren't that many great pop songs.
I'm not about anything special - I don't use a trainer or anything like that. And really just eating healthy, eating balanced, knowing what is good and, when you push it too far, easing up and getting back on track.
