British,Musician
A happy wife is a happy life.
Wherever you look there are inspirations, books, literature, paintings, landscapes, everything. Just living is an inspiration.
Being real is what is important.
I love what I'm doing most of the time, but it's hard work. People only see your albums in the charts. They see us at award shows and after-show parties. They don't know about your doubts, the hard work that goes in.
For some critics we might be uncool on account of our popularity.
I pretty much grew up when punk was big in the UK. The Sex Pistols were heroes for me. I used to run around like Johnny Rotten. I had a jacket like his.
As an artist, you're pretty sheltered backstage. You often don't know what's going on out there.
The only people who benefit from lawsuits are lawyers. I think we made a couple of them rich.
I'm not a workaholic, but I was a bit manic, I have to confess.
As much as we all love playing live, it's not normal to be on the road all the time, to have no home.
Any reaction is better than none.
I think it's pretty normal that there are a lot of people out there who don't like us.
It's pretty hard to make out what's going to be a commercial success and what's not.
I always wrote about things that were important to me. I think our past success showed that it was also important for a lot of others.
I don't know any musician who got to the top without hard work. Take whoever you want. They all work bloody hard, harder than you think.
If you just keep your head down and just try and do your thing, sometimes magic happens.
Dub and reggae... I play that a lot around the house.
I love seeing the fans of the music that I make.
When I first began to write, I was writing on bass, because I was thinking more Public Image, more dub.
The more I talk about things, the more I understand myself.
I love playing live, I don't like studios all that much. I need the reaction of the audience.
Playing live, you can't survive, certainly not in England. We used to work daytime jobs and play gigs at night. It was very exhausting.
We recorded our first CD, Sixteen Stone, with a small budget and never dreamed that we would enjoy such a high success. It was simply fantastic.
The Beatles, the Small Faces and the Kinks were great bands, but that was in the '60s.
Only the guys who never made it and will never make it in the U.S. need to put up the front that they don't care about America.
I think people are too hard on the Pistols. The Pistols started the whole punk thing and never saw much money.
