British,Author
Delicious autumn! My very soul is wedded to it, and if I were a bird I would fly about the earth seeking the successive autumns.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles.
Animals are such agreeable friends - they ask no questions; they pass no criticisms.
Life began with waking up and loving my mother's face.
The beginning of compunction is the beginning of a new life.
The strongest principle of growth lies in the human choice.
It will never rain roses: when we want to have more roses we must plant more trees.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Adventure is not outside man; it is within.
Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them.
What loneliness is more lonely than distrust?
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another.
All meanings, we know, depend on the key of interpretation.
It is easy to say how we love new friends, and what we think of them, but words can never trace out all the fibers that knit us to the old.
It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them.
What greater thing is there for two human souls than to feel that they are joined - to strengthen each other - to be at one with each other in silent unspeakable memories.
The golden moments in the stream of life rush past us, and we see nothing but sand; the angels come to visit us, and we only know them when they are gone.
Only in the agony of parting do we look into the depths of love.
Rome - the city of visible history, where the past of a whole hemisphere seems moving in funeral procession with strange ancestral images and trophies gathered from afar.
Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure.
What do we live for, if not to make life less difficult for each other?
Blessed is the man, who having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
If we had a keen vision of all that is ordinary in human life, it would be like hearing the grass grow or the squirrel's heart beat, and we should die of that roar which is the other side of silence.
Knowledge slowly builds up what Ignorance in an hour pulls down.
There are many victories worse than a defeat.
The sons of Judah have to choose that God may again choose them. The divine principle of our race is action, choice, resolved memory.
For what is love itself, for the one we love best? An enfolding of immeasurable cares which yet are better than any joys outside our love.
Science is properly more scrupulous than dogma. Dogma gives a charter to mistake, but the very breath of science is a contest with mistake, and must keep the conscience alive.
No evil dooms us hopelessly except the evil we love, and desire to continue in, and make no effort to escape from.
There is only one failure in life possible, and that is not to be true to the best one knows.
Excellence encourages one about life generally; it shows the spiritual wealth of the world.
And when a woman's will is as strong as the man's who wants to govern her, half her strength must be concealment.
We long for an affection altogether ignorant of our faults. Heaven has accorded this to us in the uncritical canine attachment.
No story is the same to us after a lapse of time; or rather we who read it are no longer the same interpreters.
In the vain laughter of folly wisdom hears half its applause.
The important work of moving the world forward does not wait to be done by perfect men.
There are some cases in which the sense of injury breeds not the will to inflict injuries and climb over them as a ladder, but a hatred of all injury.
He was like a cock who thought the sun had risen to hear him crow.
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds.
In all private quarrels the duller nature is triumphant by reason of dullness.
People who can't be witty exert themselves to be devout and affectionate.
Every woman is supposed to have the same set of motives, or else to be a monster.
I should like to know what is the proper function of women, if it is not to make reasons for husbands to stay at home, and still stronger reasons for bachelors to go out.
We must not sit still and look for miracles; up and doing, and the Lord will be with thee. Prayer and pains, through faith in Christ Jesus, will do anything.
Conscientious people are apt to see their duty in that which is the most painful course.
Perhaps the most delightful friendships are those in which there is much agreement, much disputation, and yet more personal liking.
I'm proof against that word failure. I've seen behind it. The only failure a man ought to fear is failure of cleaving to the purpose he sees to be best.
Iteration, like friction, is likely to generate heat instead of progress.
In spite of his practical ability, some of his experience had petrified into maxims and quotations.
Cruelty, like every other vice, requires no motive outside of itself; it only requires opportunity.
But what we call our despair is often only the painful eagerness of unfed hope.
Worldly faces never look so worldly as at a funeral. They have the same effect of grating incongruity as the sound of a coarse voice breaking the solemn silence of night.
When we get to wishing a great deal for ourselves, whatever we get soon turns into mere limitation and exclusion.
Acting is nothing more or less than playing. The idea is to humanize life.
I like trying to get pregnant. I'm not so sure about childbirth.
Consequences are unpitying.
We hand folks over to God's mercy, and show none ourselves.
When death, the great reconciler, has come, it is never our tenderness that we repent of, but our severity.
But that intimacy of mutual embarrassment, in which each feels that the other is feeling something, having once existed, its effect is not to be done away with.
Excessive literary production is a social offense.
Different taste in jokes is a great strain on the affections.
It is a common enough case, that of a man being suddenly captivated by a woman nearly the opposite of his ideal.
One must be poor to know the luxury of giving!
Ignorant kindness may have the effect of cruelty; but to be angry with it as if it were direct cruelty would be an ignorant unkindness.
Whether happiness may come or not, one should try and prepare one's self to do without it.
The beginning of an acquaintance whether with persons or things is to get a definite outline of our ignorance.
No great deed is done by falterers who ask for certainty.
But human experience is usually paradoxical, that means incongruous with the phrases of current talk or even current philosophy.
Is it not rather what we expect in men, that they should have numerous strands of experience lying side by side and never compare them with each other?
Death is the king of this world: 'Tis his park where he breeds life to feed him. Cries of pain are music for his banquet.
Our deeds still travel with us from afar, and what we have been makes us what we are.
The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best.
I desire no future that will break the ties with the past.
Opposition may become sweet to a man when he has christened it persecution.
A difference of taste in jokes is a great strain on the affections.
Harold, like the rest of us, had many impressions which saved him the trouble of distinct ideas.
More helpful than all wisdom is one draught of simple human pity that will not forsake us.
The intense happiness of our union is derived in a high degree from the perfect freedom with which we each follow and declare our own impressions.
That's what a man wants in a wife, mostly; he wants to make sure one fool tells him he's wise.
The happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history.
I have the conviction that excessive literary production is a social offence.
All the learnin' my father paid for was a bit o' birch at one end and an alphabet at the other.
The reward of one duty is the power to fulfill another.
I like not only to be loved, but also to be told I am loved.
To have in general but little feeling, seems to be the only security against feeling too much on any particular occasion.
An election is coming. Universal peace is declared, and the foxes have a sincere interest in prolonging the lives of the poultry.
Falsehood is easy, truth so difficult.
The responsibility of tolerance lies with those who have the wider vision.
Genius at first is little more than a great capacity for receiving discipline.
Vanity is as ill at ease under indifference as tenderness is under a love which it cannot return.
There is no despair so absolute as that which comes with the first moments of our first great sorrow, when we have not yet known what it is to have suffered and be healed, to have despaired and have recovered hope.
Marriage must be a relation either of sympathy or of conquest.
A toddling little girl is a centre of common feeling which makes the most dissimilar people understand each other.
An ass may bray a good while before he shakes the stars down.
The best augury of a man's success in his profession is that he thinks it the finest in the world.
It always remains true that if we had been greater, circumstance would have been less strong against us.
Truth has rough flavours if we bite it through.
A woman's heart must be of such a size and no larger, else it must be pressed small, like Chinese feet; her happiness is to be made as cakes are, by a fixed recipe.
Mortals are easily tempted to pinch the life out of their neighbour's buzzing glory, and think that such killing is no murder.
Hostesses who entertain much must make up their parties as ministers make up their cabinets, on grounds other than personal liking.
Play not with paradoxes. That caustic which you handle in order to scorch others may happen to sear your own fingers and make them dead to the quality of things.
Will not a tiny speck very close to our vision blot out the glory of the world, and leave only a margin by which we see the blot? I know no speck so troublesome as self.
