British,Politician
I hate prejudice, discrimination, and snobbishness of any kind - it always reflects on the person judging and not the person being judged. Everyone should be treated equally.
When something really matters, you should never give up or give in.
Take, therefore, what modern technology is capable of: the power of our moral sense allied to the power of communications and our ability to organize internationally. That, in my view, gives us the first opportunity as a community to fundamentally change the world.
We need quantitative assessments of the success of education. We need certification and qualifications both for teachers and for pupils. It is not a choice between quantity and quality, between access and excellence. Both of these will happen together if people really do believe in the importance of education to change lives.
I'm a father; that's what matters most. Nothing matters more.
We cannot compromise with the earth; we cannot compromise with the catastrophe of unchecked climate change, so we must compromise with one another.
Collective European Union action could mean no hiding places for evaders, no safe haven for tax avoiders, and no treasure islands for money launderers.
I believe that our vote is both a public duty and a sacred trust.
Globalisation feels like a runaway train, out of control.
If our economies are to flourish, if global poverty is to be banished, and if the wellbeing of the world's people enhanced - not just in this generation but in succeeding generations - we must make sure we take care of the natural environment and resources on which our economic activity depends.
When people criticise you, you've got to listen to that criticism, and to learn from it, which I've tried to do.
In Britain, we are not a secular state as France is, or some other countries.
Our equality bill is specifically designed to protect religion and belief on exactly the same terms as race or gender or sexuality.
We are being tough in saying it is a duty on the unemployed in future not only to be available for work - and not to shirk work - but also to get the skills for work. That is a new duty we are introducing.
The motto of the old order in the City of London was, 'My word is my bond,' but the financial crisis revealed a culture quite alien to that heritage. The stewards of people's money were revealed to have been speculators with it.
I'm a great supporter of the European Union. I didn't support entry to the Euro, not because I'm against it in principle but because I didn't think it was economically right for Britain. But that doesn't make me any less pro-European.
I want to do something for Kirkcaldy and Fife. I am a full-time MP, not a businessman.
The patriotism in Britain comes from us being a leader. On jobs, on tax havens, on workers' rights, on the environment. We can be leading Europe... and it will be to the benefit of every British citizen.
It is thanks to men and women who were totally committed to fighting fascism, people like Alan Turing, that the horrors of the Holocaust and of total war are part of Europe's history and not Europe's present.
There is nothing that you could say to me now that I could ever believe.
Stability is necessary for our future economic success.
I have to say that if our global alliances are going to be alliances with Hezbollah and Hamas and Hugo Chavez's Venezuela and Vladimir Putin's Russia, there is absolutely no chance of building a world-wide alliance that can deal with poverty and inequality and climate change and financial instability, and we've got to face up to that fact.
We spend more on cows than the poor.
If you look at the question of expenditure in Iraq, you have got to start from the one fundamental truth: that every request that the military commanders made to us for equipment was answered. No request was ever turned down.
In 2005 we have a once in a generation opportunity to deliver a modern Marshall plan for the developing world.
Britain can be proud of its response to the tsunami appeal.
Markets need morals.
Christians do not say that people should be reduced merely to what they can produce or what they can buy - that we should let the weak go under and only the strong survive. No, we say, 'Do to others what you would have them do unto you.'
Getting married has certainly made a massive difference to my own life. So I am committed to giving support for family finances and having the right policies for work-life balance that make it easier for couples to have a rich family life.
Our common realm is not and cannot be stripped of values - I absolutely reject the idea that religion should somehow be tolerated but not encouraged in public life.
I welcome the role that people of faith play in building Britain's future - and the Catholic communion in particular is to be congratulated for so often being the conscience of our country, for helping 'the least of these' even when bearing witness to the truth is hard or unpopular.
Why is playing football in Europe considered the pinnacle of our game, yet in other spheres of life, that same phrase - 'being in Europe' - is dismissed with suspicion?
We must understand that the British public's relationship with Europe is - and always has been, the sporting arena aside - about the benefits we can achieve in jobs, security, and quality of life from membership and how these benefits outweigh any disadvantages.
We should demonstrate that in war, under Churchill and Lloyd George, and in peace, Britain always was, already is, and can continue to be a leader.
Britain must lead in Europe to intensify the fight against global terrorism and make our country safer.
I am a father with young kids, and you want to know the jobs in the future are going to be there.
I think fathers, mothers, grandfathers, grandmothers - we should look at what young people are saying to us.
Nigel Farage wanted to privatise the health service. Nigel Farage does not believe in the values we believe in for our public services.
The best way of realising our high ideals is to show that we have an alternative in government that is credible, that is radical, and is electable - is neither a pale imitation of what the Tories offer nor is it the route to being a party of permanent protest rather than a party of government.
It is not a mistake to want power.
Let us think of ourselves not as 'yes' and 'no' Scots but simply as Scots, and let us be a nation, united again.
What is happened in the years since the Second World War is not a temporary truce. It is not simply a ceasefire. Instead of battling with weapons and armaments, people battle only with arguments and ideas.
We've managed to find a way of making decisions that prevents conflict arising - there has been no war between European members at any point in the last 70 years.
You can't just vote for yourself. All the time, you're thinking what sort of country, what world, what future?
A woman said to me, 'You're better than your successor.' She then said she's lived under 10 prime ministers, and each was worse than the last. That put me in my place.
Every country is going to have to face up to globalisation, but Scotland has got a unique capacity because of its history as part of a multinational state to help us deal with that problem.
I've got a job to do.
When things are difficult, you have to be sure of who you are and what you want to achieve.
You can drink too much tea.
I once wrote a book on courage and what made people courageous. I found it was a strength of belief matched by a strength of willpower.
People believe in the power of education to change lives.
If people are persuaded of the need for education and the need to invest in education, they're also persuaded of the need not to waste that investment by having low-quality education but to have high-quality education.
There's no point dwelling on the worst things people have said - there's a job to do.
Famously, I'm somewhat impatient.
To make Europe more effective is a worthwhile objective. To make Europe less important in your calculations is a big mistake.
If you take energy and climate change, you really cannot deal with the problems with energy and climate change without European co-operation at a high level. If you take digitalisation, it's an obvious area where European co-operation can actually make a difference.
I'm all for greater co-operation between Europe and America because I think that sometimes we've missed out on the benefits that transatlantic trade could give both continents, and I've been pressing this since 1997.
Our ability to connect as a nation with other nations around the world is enhanced dramatically by the Internet.
Making the desirable possible requires us to make the desirable popular, electable, credible, and something that people want to hold on to.
Meet the challenges of the time.
While you cannot deliver policies without principles, you cannot deliver principles without having power. You have quickly to move to a stage where, emphasising your principles, you build a programme, then call for popular support.
I think it's important that people know who you are and... can ask any questions they like about you.
Almost certainly, my ancestors had travelled by sea from Sweden to England in search of prosperity, and the evidence suggests they left Sweden around the ninth or 10th centuries.
Those who write off our European heritage are, at least in part, writing off their own heritage.
To my astonishment, everything that I had assumed was now questioned by the findings. What started off as a search for identity that appeared to be purely Scottish in origin ended up as a discovery of my migrant roots - indeed an understanding that almost all of our families, at some stage, have been migrants - and my European roots.
I don't believe that any prime minister would send our troops into conflict without the assurance from the military that they had the equipment necessary for the operation.
I find it quite unusual for people to criticise me for doing what I consider to be my duty.
It will not be a surprise to you to learn I'm more interested in the future of the Arctic Circle than the future of the Arctic Monkeys.
For centuries, individuals have been learning how to live with their next-door neighbours.
People have now got the ability to speak to each other across continents: to join with each other in communities that are not based simply on territory, streets, but networks; and you've got the possibility of people building alliances right across the world.
Foreign policy can no longer be the province of just a few elites.
You cannot have Rwanda again because information would come out far more quickly about what is actually going on, and the public opinion would grow to the point where action would need to be taken.
Turing was a quite brilliant mathematician, most famous for his work on breaking the German Enigma codes. It is no exaggeration to say that, without his outstanding contribution, the history of the Second World War could have been very different.
While Turing was dealt with under the law of the time, and we can't put the clock back, his treatment was of course utterly unfair, and I am pleased to have the chance to say how deeply sorry I and we all are for what happened to him.
I had to deal with terrorist finance. And we had to, if you like, ensure that the accounts of people who were guilty of terrorist finance or using their accounts for terrorist finance were closed down. So we had to do asset freezing.
Cowdenbeath Football Club have always been at the centre of Cowdenbeath - literally and in every aspect of community life.
