British,Playwright
Human nature is not black and white but black and grey.
There is always one moment in childhood when the door opens and lets the future in.
Media is just a word that has come to mean bad journalism.
Innocence is like a dumb leper who has lost his bell, wandering the world, meaning no harm.
My two fingers on a typewriter have never connected with my brain. My hand on a pen does. A fountain pen, of course. Ball-point pens are only good for filling out forms on a plane.
I have often noticed that a bribe has that effect - it changes a relation. The man who offers a bribe gives away a little of his own importance; the bribe once accepted, he becomes the inferior, like a man who has paid for a woman.
Success is more dangerous than failure, the ripples break over a wider coastline.
The truth has never been of any real value to any human being - it is a symbol for mathematicians and philosophers to pursue. In human relations kindness and lies are worth a thousand truths.
In human relationships, kindness and lies are worth a thousand truths.
God created a number of possibilities in case some of his prototypes failed - that is the meaning of evolution.
It is impossible to go through life without trust: that is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of all, oneself.
A solitary laugh is often a laugh of superiority.
In Italy, for 30 years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror, murder and bloodshed, but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance. In Switzerland they had brotherly love, they had 500 years of democracy and peace - and what did that produce? The cuckoo clock.
Writing is a form of therapy; sometimes I wonder how all those who do not write, compose or paint can manage to escape the madness, melancholia, the panic and fear which is inherent in a human situation.
Champagne, if you are seeking the truth, is better than a lie detector. It encourages a man to be expansive, even reckless, while lie detectors are only a challenge to tell lies successfully.
If you have abandoned one faith, do not abandon all faith. There is always an alternative to the faith we lose. Or is it the same faith under another mask?
The moment comes when a character does or says something you hadn't thought about. At that moment he's alive and you leave it to him.
No human being can really understand another, and no one can arrange another's happiness.
The great advantage of being a writer is that you can spy on people. You're there, listening to every word, but part of you is observing. Everything is useful to a writer, you see - every scrap, even the longest and most boring of luncheon parties.
Heresy is another word for freedom of thought.
Unhappiness in a child accumulates because he sees no end to the dark tunnel. The thirteen weeks of a term might just as well be thirteen years.
Point me out the happy man and I will point you out either egotism, selfishness, evil - or else an absolute ignorance.
A petty reason perhaps why novelists more and more try to keep a distance from journalists is that novelists are trying to write the truth and journalists are trying to write fiction.
A murderer is regarded by the conventional world as something almost monstrous, but a murderer to himself is only an ordinary man. It is only if the murderer is a good man that he can be regarded as monstrous.
Morality comes with the sad wisdom of age, when the sense of curiosity has withered.
The economy of a novelist is a little like that of a careful housewife who is unwilling to throw away anything that might perhaps serve its turn.
