British,Actress
I think everyone loves a slash of red lipstick.
Genuine and true love is so rare that when you encounter it in any form, it's a wonderful thing, to be utterly cherished in whatever form it takes.
I absolutely love to relax and have fun. I like socializing; I like chatting. I like dancing, mixing with friends.
I love being tall. as you literally look at life from a different perspective: it's easier to breeze through life's turmoils; there's more room to breathe.
The countryside in Belfast is beautiful. No technical wizardry is needed to show quite how glorious it is in its natural state.
I love a challenge. And I love defying limitation, gender stereotypes, and people's expectations of me as an actress.
My father always said, 'You can do anything a man can do.'
I quite like looking mucky; it's quite nice not having to care about how you look.
The characters that I want to play are interesting women. I don't care if they're good women or bad women or vulnerable women or women with a lot of faults or women that we dislike intensely who are malicious.
I trained in combat, sword fighting, horse riding... It's empowering knowing that I can a break man's nose with my elbow.
I'm certainly really rather tall at 6 foot 3, and I've been this way since I was 14, but for years, women who are even 5 foot 10 have come up to me in the street and said, 'Oh, it's so nice to see a woman who is taller than me. I've always felt like a giant.'
As a woman, we all want to feel attractive. We all want to feel that we're making the very best of ourselves so we can accept ourselves.
'Game of Thrones' is a fantasy show not dedicated to any specific time, but it seems to exist in sort of a 1400s medieval fantasy world, and in that setting, I wouldn't have had a six-pack.
I was a semi-professional gymnast as a child. I did rhythmic gymnastics, but I sustained an injury and strained all the muscles in my spine.
Part of the reason why I love acting is that you do hope that somehow your work will connect to people and somehow expand their consciousness somewhat, and being able to challenge notions of prejudice through work - through my work - is really thrilling.
I don't know, so much of women's femininity is tied up with their hair.
I don't really have any interest in playing the same part again and again. Let's just keep everything crossed that doesn't happen.
The whole format of 'Game of Thrones' is that you just don't know what to expect.
People come up to me and say, 'You look so much better in real life.'
As someone who has always felt at times pretty genderless because of my size, it interests me to challenge ideas of prejudice and femininity, and what it is to be a woman.
I do all my own stunts and come away with bruises and scratches.
I enjoy knocking around with the boys.
Occasionally I get messages from women saying that I've brought them some joy, and that's unbelievably thrilling.
I am still a person with a sense of superficiality that I'm trying to challenge.
Going to the gym is something I haven't done regularly since I was a child.
If I were amazing with a sword, I wouldn't care about the tender things in life.
