British,Actor
My mother is such an incredibly strong woman. She raised a family of five boys extremely well. She made us all strong, loving, caring people. We all support each other. I'm really thankful to her.
Regrets are something you can't really have as an actor, because ultimately you'll end up destroying yourself... there's a lot of disappointment in this business.
You can train and train until you are blue in the face, but you've got to diet, you've got to have that leanness because if you are not lean, your abs won't show. Of course, the training has to be put in, but then you've to shed all the fat and keep the fat off. And that's how you get an eight pack.
My version of Superman is essentially of a guy who has spent his whole life alone.
There's an honesty to Clark, Kal-El - Kal-El's the better way of saying it because he is both Superman and Clark - there's an honesty to him which crosses over on both - I don't like to use the word 'identities,' but I will because I can't think of a better one. So, it is not that tough to make that swap and change.
I never thought of myself as unlucky. When you aim high, it's tough to get there unless something really fortunate happens.
As an outside; don't worry about failure, because failure will take care of itself. Focus on success.
A large amount of constant activity will get things going. For example, training in the morning will have everything, all the juices flowing by the time you actually get to work. So, when you're at work, you've been already up for an hour or so or two hours, and you're raring to go where everyone else is still wiping sleep out of their eyes.
I like to go full bore into something. If you have a backup plan, then you've already admitted defeat.
No matter what era we're in, we need hope.
It's difficult to judge other actors, because as an actor you're looking at different things than what an audience is looking at.
I didn't see a lot of comic books growing up.
People have this belief that actors are able to go out there and say, 'Oh I choose this job,' but most of the time we're just taking the job we can get. We don't just get offered thousands of jobs; we might earn one job a year and that's the one we'll take because we've got to pay the rent.
Not every job is a good job.
At boarding school there wasn't much time for much of anything except education.
The point of acting is to pretend you're someone else and sell a story.
I don't think Americans look bad in spandex.
I work out two, two and a half hours a day.
I'm a giant softy, for sure, but I honestly think these days it's probably considered more masculine to be emotionally connected.
Some people thrive under pressure, but pressure can also ruin your performance, it can push you down angles which you don't want to go.
I suppose that when I'm building a character, it's usually related to what their family is like and who their parents are, as well as how I grew up - that nurture side.
As much as everyone says that Superman is good, a lot of other people might say that that's why they find him boring... A lot of Batman fans might say that.
Certainly, for younger guys, Superman is this mythological character that they've thought about and explored in their imaginations... But one thing I really like about Superman fans is that they're so open-minded and excited and honest. There's something beautiful about their enjoyment of it - something very Superman-like.
A lot of the stuff you do as an actor - or I do, because I can't speak for everyone - is not always consciously thought out. A lot of the time, for me, it's actually just feeling stuff, and it happens all in the moment and your body reacts.
My mother works in a bank, and my dad is the head of my management team and also works in finance.
I was overweight when I went to school. In fact, I was overweight when I left, just taller. Fatty Cavill was the nickname. I mean, no one wants to be Fatty Cavill.
