British,Musician
What's fulfilling is being happy and being able to help other people. The simple things.
It's all about respect. I'm not going to treat a woman like a piece of meat.
Anxiety is a really crippling condition, and I suffer with it myself, and I feel for anyone who suffers from it. The way that I deal with it is try as much as possible to stay in the moment to not think about the past and not think about what's coming up in the future: to try and just seize the moment as much as possible.
Everyone loves a comeback story, and everyone loves the underdog as well. I kind of feel like I've been the underdog. Hopefully that inspires people to not give up on themselves and their lives and not give up on their dreams.
I've done a few face palms after things I've said because it's stupid. But if I'm not like that, I won't feel human anymore. I'll just feel like some robot saying what I'm supposed to say. I think that's when people lose it.
I am a massive film geek, and I love movies.
I have regrets, but you live and learn.
I think Justin Bieber and Zayn have both been listening to me a lot, and they basically wanna be me.
I want to become a Hollywood film star. I genuinely would love to be in some movies.
When an attractive woman shows any interest in me, I'm immediately alerted.
I'd say to all kids, don't have a tattoo until you're 21.
I wasn't a happy kid. I felt like my mum ruined our chance of a better life, because when she remarried, we went to live in Bahrain, on a compound with a swimming pool, and she ruined it all.
There is a lot of pressure on pop stars, and I think a lot of it is the pressure that we put on ourselves. In our minds, we build up these huge, huge standards that we think people want from us, and actually, when you break it down, people just want you to make music and perform to the best of your ability, but anxiety can stop you from doing that.
I'm a big UFC fan.
I'm not much of a public speaker.
I often think about starting a band again, doing my solo stuff and a band. I grew up in bands.
Kurt Cobain is one of the reasons I started doing music because I just loved to watch them rock out.
Everybody's gone through some kind of struggle in their life, and I'd like to be the type of voice who talks about it.
Being in bands and plugging away with not many opportunities and no money for many years really shaped me and taught me about work ethic.
I can't go on Tinder; I'll get in trouble.
I have been through and seen so many dramas and traumas and been in so many situations that I can probably interpret a few different characters.
When I had my first panic attack, I believed that it was a heart attack.
Romance and girls I don't talk about anymore: it's off limits. I just want to keep it private.
I've made some very silly mistakes.
I want to say sorry for abusing my position as an 'X Factor' winner because I owe everything to this thing.
I have nothing but respect for 1D. They are great lads.
There are many things people don't know about me, and maybe when they read about those things, they will have an understanding of the journey I have been on, why I've made the mistakes I have, and hopefully help other people overcome their adversities.
I was asked, 'Why do you think the male 'X Factor' winners haven't been successful in the past?' And I said, 'Because obviously the body of work that they've brought out wasn't good enough,' and that was it.
I don't do media training. I don't do that.
I don't think about consequences too much.
I really want to work with Eminem. I know it will never happen, but I would love if he let me do a hook on one of his songs or he featured on one of my songs. It would be incredible. I've just always admired him since I was young.
My Number 1 Award is going to go on my mantelpiece, and I'll probably kiss it for two weeks solid every time I pass it!
I'm trying this thing where I don't regret as much 'cause it doesn't really work that well to regret things.
I've made mistakes, and I'm very aware of them, and I've tried to better myself from those mistakes.
I've always maintained a good relationship with Simon Cowell, and obviously I have a great respect for him, and his show provided me with a platform to reach a lot of people, so I have the upmost respect for Simon Cowell.
I think a lot of things get blown out of proportion in the media.
You do need money to make a good demo; you do need a bit of financial support.
I was on the dole.
There's no doubt in my mind or anyone else's mind that people like Ed Sheeran, Ellie Goulding, and Sam Smith are where they are because they're supremely talented people, and I have a lot of respect for them.
I've always thought I'm pretty ugly.
People had told me to try 'The X Factor' for years, but I thought I'd be moody and hate it all. But it's what I needed. I asked Mum and Dad to come to my 'X Factor' audition, and it was the first time that they'd been in the same room in years.
'The X Factor' saved me.
My first instinct is always to fight back because ever since I was a kid, that's what I've always had to do to survive.
I grew up in a house full of women - I have four sisters. I'm more feminine than some gay men.
People were telling me it was refreshing I was real because previous 'X Factor' winners were too afraid to say anything. I decided to go against the grain. But I took it too far.
For me, I've always been the guy who self-sabotages.
I have a fan who suffered with leukemia, and apparently, the only thing that helped him through that was my music, so of course that's the ultimate sense of achievement. It's an incredible feeling.
It's always amazing when a fan will say you've helped them through some kind of adversity.
One of my fans made a lifelike doll of me. It was incredible - it looked just like me - but an effigy is kinda weird.
I always made my songs very conversational, and if anyone ever has a conversation with me, they know I'm a very open guy, very open and honest.
I had nothing and lived in the most insignificant place.
If you haven't got help, all you can do is make good music.
I got offered loads of reality shows, including 'I'm A Celebrity' and 'Celebrity Big Brother.'
I don't know if speaking to a therapist is right for everyone.
My approach is to be open and honest.
I don't think I made it clear where I was mentally when I appeared on 'X Factor.' There was so much pressure and a lot of judging. But I wanted to take a chance on the show because I wanted to make something of myself. 'X Factor' seemed like the only way out.
I'm not saying none of these guys are talented, but people think Ed Sheeran crawled off a couch and lived on the street or something, but him, Ellie Goulding... they all come from Suffolk, Surrey, Richmond... they come from support.
I think Sam Smith's dad got a huge loan or something to help his career. Those things can help artists get attention, but I guess my song 'Say You Won't Let Go' proved it's about the song.
My music is about love, and I don't discriminate against any type of person.
There had to be a point where I had to stop feeling sorry for myself.
It can feel like your whole world is caving in on you, and if you don't speak about it, it gets worse. You have to talk about your problems.
I've always looked over my shoulder, especially in my hometown.
I'm a positive guy, even if I don't smile a lot.
Inside, I'm optimistic.
I went from absolutely nothing to a lot of people judging me overnight, and it was really tough for me.
I want to help people to get to know my story and really tell them in detail what I've been through.
Not only was I an 'X Factor' winner that got dropped by Syco - and when that happens, you're never heard of again - but everyone thought I was a clown.
Yes I got into things with girls who only liked me because of who I was. But I learnt my lesson quickly.
I'm a Honey G fan. She can spit some vibes on one of my songs; she's got rhymes for days! She's gangster. I love her.
I really want to do acting, and I don't want to be typecast because of my tattoos.
Everyone wrote me off, including me.
I'm always going to have to manage my mental health issues.
I'd like to think that maybe the average person is rational, and they realise that I'm not this crazy monster that, at times, I've been perceived to be.
I'm not a shiny pop star.
