British,Actor
Looking good and feeling good go hand in hand. If you have a healthy lifestyle, your diet and nutrition are set, and you're working out, you're going to feel good.
If you're going to do something, do it with style!
The best things in life sometimes happen spontaneously.
I've come from nowhere, and I'm not shy to go back.
Revenge is a caustic thing. I say, Breathe in, breathe deeply, let it go.
There's a huge amount of faith and confidence in the stunt team.
Every single day has a different combination of exercises. It always changes, and that's what keeps things interesting.
Bruce Lee was just so lightning-fast. People try to emulate him in whatever way they can, but to try and do what he was doing... you're just inspired by it; you're not trying to say, 'Look, I can do that.' No one can do what he did.
People love stories about the mafia: 'The Godfather,' 'American Gangster.'
Your body is like a piece of dynamite. You can tap it with a pencil all day, but you'll never make it explode. You hit it once with a hammer: Bang! Get serious. Do 40 hard minutes, not an hour and half of nonsense. It's so much more rewarding.
I love getting dressed up in a suit because I don't do it all the time.
If you got a good imagination, a lot of confidence and you kind of know what you are saying, then you might be able to do it. I know a lot of colorful characters at home that would make great actors.
Whatever you do, do it to the extreme.
You should never assume about someone.
Depending on the season, you'll find me outdoors doing an activity.
The thing about the UK is we don't really make that many great movies.
We were diving in caves. It wasn't totally safe.
A lot of action movies today seem to have scenes that just lead up to the action.
The insurance of working with a big, already successful franchise just gives you the chance to do other things on a more personal level.
If someone's got a fear of heights, they'd probably say, well, hanging off a helicopter at 3,000 feet above downtown L.A. would be the scariest. For me, that's a day's work, something I was very happy to do.
Some of my best experiences are with writer/directors. Guy Ritchie is one. I feel they have a clearer view of what they want to do. They haven't got to try and interpret someone's writing; it's all theirs. I really admire that.
Working with Sylvester Stallone is beyond a 'pinch yourself' moment. I remember growing up watching his films.
How long you can continue to be good at something is how much you believe in yourself and how much hard work you do with the training.
The most frustrating thing about injuries is that they take so bloody long to heal.
My role model is Sly Stallone.
I could take my grandma and put her in a cape, and they'll put her on a green screen, and they'll have stunt doubles come in and do all the action. Anybody can do it. They're relying on stunt doubles and green screen and $200 million budgets - it's all CGI created. To me, it's not authentic.
I used to play a lot of racket sports, tennis and squash.
I've been unfortunate enough to be working, and recovering from a few injuries now and again.
Guy Ritchie, he thinks going to drama school is the worst thing in the world.
Look at someone like Edward Norton. A truly phenomenal actor. He's definitely went to school and trained.
My father used to run auctions. He's now a singer in the Canary Islands.
We're trying to make a movie that's interesting.
The oil sequence was about two or three days. It was very cold and was snowing.
It's street theater. You have to make it entertaining so people don't get bored and walk away.
It's something I never dreamed I'd be doing, making movies.
People like to pigeonhole you.
Jet was very busy. I've been inspired by a lot of his movies.
Well, I'm used to rubbing shoulders with crooks and criminals.
I think being a competitive diver for years helps you focus and dedicate yourself to what's needed.
I pick up a lot of stuff from them, but I don't think there's any great trick to acting.
I go to this gym full of stunt men. There aren't any TVs or treadmills there. This is a spit-and-sawdust kind of place. It has a lot of great training aids - trampolines and bags and every weapon ever invented to do harm to a human being. If you want to know how to throw a knife, it's great.
A lot of actors are frustrated because they want to do things that are different and test themselves. Character actors are always looking for something the opposite of what they did.
I think we're all sensitive; everyone has a certain way about themselves that people don't like to let their emotions out too often. I think people tend to suppress them and hold them in, so I think there's a bit of that in me.
I'm more into MMA than any other sport. I watch a lot of the UFC fights. I have since it first came onto the scene.
A kid is something precious, and you want to protect it and keep it fun. I'm not a dad, but I've seen people and how they behave with their kids.
Without doing the big blockbusters, I wouldn't be able to find the money to go after little projects that I want to do.
I love Tony Jaa. He's one of the best and most capable martial arts stuntmen in the world.
A lot of the TV shows, they do long hours, and they do a lot of days, and you don't get a lot of time. But the good thing is, if you get one that's made in L.A., or made in a place you want to be, you get to go home every night.
Me in a cape? I don't fancy that. Tight tights? Nah! I don't think that's right for me. I just respond more to true stories; that's my flavour.
I just gravitate to those more testosterone-filled sort of parts than me playing something a bit more fairy-like.
Once you expose your private life, if you give one little bit, the floodgates are open and everyone's got a free range for you.
It's not like I'm dying to do work that's taken seriously, and I'm not looking to become a thespian. It's not what I'm looking for; I'm just looking to do quality work.
People like 'Crank,' some people like 'Redemption.' I'm just happy to do things that satiate a different part of me, that test me a little bit.
I know, a lot of the films I've done, it's obvious I'm going to beat up six guys and just walk out the door. There's not a lot of motivating factors - it's just action for the sake of action.
I'm not a method actor; I hope you know that!
When I go to the cinema I watch all different kinds of films.
I'm not as big a soccer fan as people might imagine, being British.
In Hollywood, people get reputations, just rumors that are passed down.
Every actor has a strength, and sometimes you just respond to things that you see yourself better at. I'm aware of what I can and can't do.
I'm a big Bruce Lee fan, and if I saw Bruce Lee try to be some namby-pamby lawyer, I'd want my money back.
I'm prepared to take risks. And every movie that I do is a risk. No one knows what the movie is going out turn out like.
One of the toughest guys in the world is Randy Couture - he is the true epitome of what a tough guy is.
In L.A., it's very hard to have some kind of conscience of some style out there. The weather's too hot; there's no seasons.
I like fashion. My mum was a dressmaker, believe it or not, so the consequence of that was that all my clothes were homemade, and I looked like a terrible mess until I was old enough to buy my own. But I love good tailoring.
Action comedy, if you can get it right, it is, for me, a particularly brilliant genre. It really is.
Musclemen grow on trees. They can tense their muscles and look good in a mirror. So what? I'm interested in practical strength that's going to help me run, jump, twist, punch.
I loved 'The Sweeney.'
If we want to talk about the movies that have made an impact in what I do in the action realm - Bruce Lee in 'Enter the Dragon.' I've watched that countless times.
At least in making an action film, there's always going to be someone who wants to see a car chase. Even if a lot of the people don't like it, there will be a lot of people that do. But bad comedy is just garbage.
I had such a good time working with Paul Feig on 'Spy.'
Most guys, tough or not, hide emotions. I know a lot of tough guys; they're just as weak as the next man, but they don't show it.
I want to work with Will Ferrell. I want to do, like, an action-comedy with him. How do I get the project for that? It's killing me. I've got all these great ideas, and the hardest thing is getting the material, the screenplay, you know.
I really enjoyed working with Guy Ritchie. One, it gave me a career, and two, they're probably a couple of the best films I've ever done.
I thought 'The Bank Job' was a really quality movie.
When I was growing up, my dad didn't have weights, so he made himself a weight bench. Instead of a hand-me-down jacket, it was a hand-me-down weight bench.
The action-movie genre is a very difficult one to get satiated in terms of your acting bits.
I've never had an acting lesson in my life. I don't know whether that's a good or bad thing.
The movie style of fighting is completely exaggerated with over-the-top movements. You'd get completely hammered if you fought like that in a real fight situation.
Suits change a lot - the wide lapel thing, the fashion trends, the trousers change.
I remember the first time I saw Robert De Niro at a party. I didn't want to run over and shake his hand. I wanted to admire him from a distance. Later, I ended up making a movie with him, and that was fantastic.
I tend to leave people alone that I admire.
Comedy is not my first go-to sort of genre.
You got to be careful mentioning people as great as Clint Eastwood. You can't put me in the same sentence as that man.
With 'The Expendables,' you have such a brilliant mess of the greatest action stars of all time, so you're in for the ride with those people.
There's so much more danger in someone where you really don't know what they're going to do, and you don't know what they're really capable of, rather than someone who's trying to be physically tough.
Yeah, I'd make a decent Bond. But it'd be very, very different if I did it.
A lot of the characters I've played before are heroic or invincible in some ways and not tuned into fear and anxiety and pain.
I'm very fussy. I'm very hard to please.
It's not like I am a junkie that wants to throw himself from very tall buildings, but some people are, and I love them kind of people.
High risk is high adrenaline.
Every movie you do, you find something in yourself that you probably didn't know that you had, and a director will find something in you that you can nurture and find and bring for the next one.
All exercise releases endorphins and makes you feel good.
As an actor, you work to the script: that's our main priority. But you have to be aware and look around for things that help you bring that little bit extra, that touch of realism that rams the point home.
I was running around and bouncing out of the pram as a baby.
The physical DNA has always been part of our family. My dad was a good boxer and gymnast; my mum is a ballroom dancer, and my brother does martial arts.
People who are in a position of power like to throw their weight around, and that becomes abuse.
When I was a kid, the people that used to push other people around, if someone whacked them, then they wouldn't be pushing people around again. But you can't really do that with adults.
I love westerns. It's guys being guys. There's no room for frilly stuff.
I'm into all things German. Everything that I own is German. As far as cars go, anyway.
London and L.A. are two opposites - I like the difference.
I like to meditate. But I get rid of my stress at the gym.
I don't have to pitch movies. I'm no good at it!
I don't do isolation body building; I just do practical things that help me with the kind of things that are asked of me in action movies. You know, a lot of kick boxing, a lot of sparring.
I've smashed myself around, been on crutches, and broken a couple of bones when I was a kid.
I've always had a fascination with cars and racing, not that I've ever competed.
Most of the scripts that land on my desk are stuff you read and go, 'Is someone really gonna make this?'
You don't usually meet directors on the streets.
Some comedies, they want you falling on your face and doing silly things.
I think of Paul Feig as the Scorsese of comedy. He's the best at what he does. I think people just trust everything that he's got to say.
The TV world is not what it used to be. I mean, the quality has become something quite exceptional.
A lot of good actors are turning to TV.
'The Bank Job,' for me, was a great opportunity for me to do some good acting, you know?
It's great to play the hero. You get all the good stuff. You're in it all the way through.
The Rock is the Rock, you know? He's the ultimate athlete, the professional man with precision. And you want precision from a 270-pound living, walking brick wall.
There's something quite fascinating with crooks and criminals and all things against the law.
Usually, if you've got a great script, everything falls into place.
Scorsese will only work with brilliant material. And everyone wants to work with him.
My productivity is overwhelming!
You can't be pretentious about what we do, because at the end of the day, movies are about entertainment, and if people get 10 dollars' worth, then that's okay.
For years, I've been wanting to do something that has a bit more of a dramatical drive and combine it with some action.
There's so many interesting aspects of making a movie: the costume department, the set design, the casting itself, the locations.
'Homefront' was written by Sylvester Stallone. He actually wrote it for himself, which is, for me, an amazing privilege: To be handed a script by Sly that he wrote for himself, that he asked me to do.
Just because the rest of the people in Hollywood don't do their stunts doesn't mean I don't.
If you're gonna do action movies, you're gonna get an injury at some point. It's inevitable.
Justin Lin has just been exceptional with what he does with that vehicular action.
If you can have a great story that people can follow the mystery and get the suspense, and then you have those moments of tension and a splash of visual fun, then you kind of get everything. You get your money's worth.
I do like a lot of the '70s movies. I love Charles Bronson in 'Hard Times.' All my favorite movies where ones from yesteryear. The '70s was a good era. I love all those.
My mom and dad used to tell me, 'You've got to see this film,' and they were influential to a high degree of the films I saw as a kid.
Some people are very good at that, communicating with the world; I'm not sure I'm suited to it.
I don't go in for the high-end gyms with the high-tech equipment and all the fancy stuff.
I'm naturally a protective person to those close to me.
In my misspent youth, I was risky.
Science fiction I've always been a fan of.
Each director maintains a different personality. Either you get along, or you don't.
I've always got a home in England. My family and friends are there. It's a place I hold very close to me.
I love the hip-hop scene.
I like crime thrillers. I like heist movies.
