British,Politician
Recovery begins from the darkest moment.
There are more myths about Black Wednesday than the Greeks ever created.
I don't think nations can stand aside for ethnic cleansing and genocide.
If you look at things that really affect people's lives - sport, the arts, charities - they were always at the back of the queue for government money - health, social security, defence, pensions were all way ahead. And each of those areas - sports, the arts, the lottery - got relatively petty cash from the government.
I'm very proud of what my parents achieved and what they stood for. They didn't have much, but in many ways they were richer than most.
In housing in the fifties in Britain and the sixties, we pulled down the terraces - destroyed whole communities and replaced them with tower blocks and we built walkways that became rat-runs for muggers. That was the fashionable opinion. But it was wrong.
I think it's extremely unlikely that the European Union will fracture with nations dropping off the edge.
The politician who never made a mistake never made a decision.
The argument that someone is a bad man is an inadequate argument for war and certainly an inadequate and unacceptable argument for regime change.
You don't forget crises and neither does the Queen.
It is time to return to core values, time to get back to basics, to self-discipline and respect for the law, to consideration for the others, to accepting responsibility for yourself and your family - and not shuffling it off on other people and the state.
Whether you agree with me or disagree with me; like me or loathe me, don't bind my hands when I am negotiating on behalf of the British nation.
Of course there are regrets. I shall regret always that I found my own authentic voice in politics. I was too conservative, too conventional. Too safe, too often. Too defensive. Too reactive. Later, too often on the back foot.
The first requirement of politics is not intellect or stamina but patience. Politics is a very long run game and the tortoise will usually beat the hare.
Only in Britain could it be thought a defect to be too clever by half. The probability is that too many people are too stupid by three-quarters.
Life is full of surprises.
I inherited a sick economy and passed on a sound one. But one abiding regret for me is that, in between, I did not have the resources to put in place the educational and social changes about which I cared to much; I made only a beginning, and it was not enough.
A consensus politician is someone who does something that he doesn't believe is right because it keeps people quiet when he does it.
Society needs to condemn a little more and understand a little less.
Ronnie Barker will forever be remembered as one of the great comic actors.
I don't think it's the role of the prime minister to court the press.
I think we can get respect for Parliament back providing governments and oppositions are frank.
When the euro was born, it was born in the wrong economic circumstances.
You've had an extremely weak euro on the foreign exchange markets, you've had a very dubious policy being followed.
I have a huge admiration for the House of Lords, I have a huge admiration for the people who work in the House of Lords, they're great public servants and they do an absolutely tremendous job.
Certainly we've seen the enormous changes across the whole of the Middle East. The democratic genie is out of the bottle.
Whatever efforts for peace President Gorbachev had in mind, they were pretty substantially undercut very swiftly by Saddam Hussein.
