British,Writer
Food is about communal togetherness. Our family does sit at the table. I think it's a great tragedy if a family doesn't have a table, as there is such an atmosphere of good will and warmth when we have eight people sitting around it.
For a few months when I was about 17, I smoked a small cigar because I thought it looked cool and it would get me the girls. It didn't.
I cycle, I take an hour's strenuous walk in the evening, I play tennis twice a week with a trainer, and I sail. I used to ride horses professionally - I'd ride seven or eight horses a day, so I had to be fit for that.
I ought to rejoice in the fact that our principal rival has died, but I don't.
The long, forensic interview really matters.
You have to be damn certain you're putting something better in its place.
Programme names have been changed, and we have Andrew Neil saying he won't be using long words.
Not every programme dealing with issues of global significance has to be fronted by last week's winner of Have I Got News For You-but I suppose you might be wrong.
I honestly believe that TV generally is obsessed with the ratings battle to the point of cutting its own throat.
The BBC produces wonderful programmes; it also produces a load of old rubbish.
That test should not be about ratings. What should weigh is the knowledge that a public broadcaster delivers programmes that matter.
I'm not certain that the BBC can claim to be making a wide enough range of distinctive programmes to make the case convincingly.
It's absolutely fine to think of new ways of doing things, and I'm not just asking for the traditional reporter to look into our living rooms night after night.
I deplore the loss of arts on BBC One and Two.
I fail to understand how you can justify a poll tax on the entire population, yet exclude a significant proportion of that population from programmes that this tax is paying for.
The challenge is the culture. You have to have a vision for the BBC-it can't merely be that it's big and has a place in the market.
The BBC has the obligation to think big. And at the moment, that clarion call sounds an uncertain note to me.
The moment seemed right to me for a full and, if possible, authoritative portrait of the life and character of the Prince of Wales.
I had no expectation that the Prince would offer me the unprecedented and unfettered access to the original and entirely untapped sources on which this biography is based.
Over the last two years, I have been able to comb through The Prince's archives. I have been free to read his journals, diaries and many thousands of the letters.
While I have corrected agreed factual errors, I have not been inhibited from writing what I felt to be the truth about The Prince of Wales.
I was disappointed not to be able to interview Mr. Clinton. I met him two years ago. I was looking forward to talking with him about issues from Africa to terrorism.
I have to grit my teeth sometimes, knowing I am going to be written about. But I think it is my life, and I don't want to get people interested in debating it. But I do feel that if you are going to put yourself about as a public person on a television screen, there's a curiosity.
Food is important to me, but I wouldn't say that I'm a gourmet. I don't like tricksy food.
Travelling to make television programmes means I have some unusual food memories. In Pasto, Colombia, I was taken to a restaurant where I chose my meat for the evening from a cage of white rats. It tasted perfectly good - like rabbit.
At home in Devon, my wife Jessica does a huge proportion of the cooking - I do the basics. My timing is extremely good, particularly when it comes to vegetables, perhaps because in my work, timing is everything. I know exactly what fits into a minute when broadcasting, and I apply the same to carrots.
