British,Model
The unconditional love for you child, it's truly amazing.
Happiness is making your dreams come true.
I mean, I suppose when I'm in London, I'm home so I'm more comfortable.
I don't like to attach myself to material things.
I don't have a favourite designer because I feel every designer offers something different and special, but I do really like Alexander Wang, Burberry, Stella McCartney and Balmain.
I don't wear heels. I'm all about flats from Chanel and wedges. I love my Gucci wedge boots.
Recently, I haven't had too much time to read. But I love a good romance novel.
I wear my heart on my sleeve.
London's not a white city. So why should our catwalks be so white?
I'm really ambitious.
When I go back into education, I'm going to do business studies.
I like seeing how I can look in a photo.
I go to castings and see several black and Asian girls, then I get to the show and look around there's just me and maybe one other coloured face.
I always have shoe trouble.
I practice a lot.
I am hoping to be able to lend my support to a Sickle Cell charity in the near future, as I want to try and help raise money and awareness about this disease.
I don't wear heels.
My favourite types of cuisine are Asian and Caribbean, and I love cooking new recipes for my family.
I love being around my family.
I always get so excited cooking chicken wings.
I love anything to do with cooking, from watching the Food Network to reading recipe books by Gordon Ramsay, Jamie Oliver and Levi Roots. My favourite types of cuisine are Asian and Caribbean, and I love cooking new recipes for my family.
I love being around my family. I am very close to my mum, my brother, my grandmother, my aunts - we constantly poke fun at each other, but it's all done out of love.
I'm a mum. Cooking is something I have to do. It's something I like to do.
I'm a compulsive sneaker collector, mostly limited edition.
I am not big on jewelry, but I do love hats as an accessory, specifically snap backs and beanies.
I'm always traveling, so I tend to online shop. My go-to sites are Net-a-Porter and Matches. I recently moved to N.Y.C. and frequently shop at Sur La Table for my kitchen; Flair home collection, Aedes de Venustas for all my favorite home fragrances.
