British,Journalist
My favourite thing in my wardrobe is my jewelry.
There's a difference between being posh and being rich.
The way you personally communicate is 90 per cent of how you will be evaluated by any future employer.
I can count on one hand the number of people who wrote me a thank you letter after having an interview, and I gave almost all of them a job.
A good school teaches you resilience - that ability to bounce back.
Being chaotic isn't cute.
No matter how irrelevant social class now is, even the most eager egalitarian must be quietly proud that the posh English rose is still an industry standard for peerlessly sophisticated beauty.
A good education gives you confidence to stick up your hand for anything - whether it is the job you want, or the bloke. And the more you stick up your hand, the better your chances are that you will get what you want.
Posh is a way of living that can often be quite miserly and not about money.
Anya Hindmarch is indeed a handbag designer; she has the requisite fabulous life, tasteful home, and loving husband. She is also beautiful and self-deprecating, and has five children aged 5 to 20 and a philanthropic bent which spans causes from cancer care to Britain's Conservative Party.
It doesn't matter how many A-levels you have, what kind of a degree you have, if you have good manners, people will like you.
Polo drifts gently in and out of fashion.
The trouble with glossy magazines is that they tend to be stuffed with articles about handbag designers - the sort of women who, with their perfectly styled lives, immaculate houses, and adoring partners, make you want to become a hermit.
Anything looks good if you've got the body of a Victoria's Secret model and the porelessly smooth skin-tone of a piece of glass.
Conrad Black is a picture of a man hugely enjoying himself.
Each dress symbolizes the age that it's appropriate for.
The Queen's wedding dress in 1947, there was some embroidery on the train which was definitely there to illustrate new dawn/post-war optimism, that sort of thing.
The genius of Kate Middleton is that she hasn't gone too far. She's still dressing in a way that people can relate to.
A lot of women find that their workwear acts as armour.
Personal shoppers in big department stores are seriously under-used.
It's stupid to say that there's any comfort to be had in 'knowing your place,' but there is a sense of reassuring escapism to something like 'Downton Abbey.' There's a perceived romance and elegance that is wonderful to lose yourself in.
There's no snobbery or resentment from serious polo people towards those who just come for the party.
I think, to me, the sheer joy of fancy dress is that it allows you to take a break from our very carefully considered and constructed identities.
When did you last have fun being dignified?
By doing, you become employable. It doesn't matter what the job is; by working, you learn new things, meet new people and are exposed to new ideas.
There's a particularly British wariness of appearing to try too hard. It's somehow distasteful. Everything should come to us seamlessly and, if you have to work at it, you're somehow a loser.
