British,Musician
I love being at home now, improving my cooking. I've got a really bad memory, so my first attempts were a disaster - I'd forget what ingredients to put in. But I do a lasagna that's a crowd-pleaser, and a good lemon drizzle cake, which I take to my mom's for the Sunday roast to fatten the family up.
I'd love to be the new Jools Holland, but you know, for, like, cooler people.
I don't think I represent all things dubstep. I just like clubbing, so those are the sounds I've chosen to work with.
I love clubbing - the abandon of it, the release of dancing, and being with my friends and the people I love. For me, it's never been about going out to meet guys or to show off my latest dress - it's the music.
When I was 13, listening to Choice FM, I would listen to a lot of R&B from America, and whenever a British person tried to do it, it didn't really work, they just sounded like they were trying to copy that whole style. Now the music sounds British, something real rather than an imitation.
Things go in cycles. It's like fashion, like flares go out then skinny jeans come in, people want something fresh. It's the strongest ever urban scene at the moment and I hope it can progress and keep getting stronger and be the base for something larger.
I had wanted to be a dancer when I was younger. But at some point I figured out I was a better singer.
I guess I've been making records since I was 16, and even when 50 people bought them, I thought that was amazing.
I think as long as you're being creative and finding your own work interesting, that's all that matters.
Someone asked me the other day what my favourite record shop was, and I said YouTube.
The first time I went out under the spotlight, I was proper freaked out.
I make music, and if people like it, they like it, and some people won't.
I'm a big fan of Beyonce and Rihanna. I've listened to Beyonce all my life, and she's a big influence on me.
When I do a festival, I want everyone to have a party, I think it is kind of similar to a club where everyone is there to have a good time and celebrate not being at work or just being able to have fun. I love people dancing to my music as well; if I can make them dance I feel happy.
Studying music, everyone sort of has their own style - it's not like everyone's going for the same part.
I don't want people to think they have to like me because I'm on TV every other minute.
What I do and where I come from, the kind of music that I'm making, it's definitely U.K. If I turned around and did a tune with Timbaland, it would be amazing, but it would be me kind of leaving where I'm coming from.
I would love to have the biggest band that I can have. I'd love to put on a massive show and just give people their money's worth, then just come away from it thinking, 'That was a good show', because it's kind of disappointing sometimes when you go and see someone and you can see they're not that bothered.
I used to play the piano when I was younger, and I loved Alicia Keys. I wanted to be Alicia Keys; she was such an idol to me.
My dad was a soul fan and a singer himself, and he loved vocal harmony, stuff like the Beach Boys and Motown like the Four Tops, which was a big influence on me.
My mum loved Joan Armatrading and used to play her records all the time and even took me to see her a couple of times when I was really quite young. I didn't really like her music back then because my mum was always playing it, but I've grown to appreciate it more.
The days of an open mic night when I'd rock up in an old jumper are over.
I go to a club to relax and hear the music on a big sound system. I don't go to pull a guy.
People expect you to be this weird cartoon sometimes when you're a musician. I hate that. I hate standing out. I hate people looking at me. I just want to be part of the crowd.
I went to my first drum n' bass rave when I was 16 and remember being terrified. Looking around, trying to figure out how to dance to this music, watching some girl in some hot pants, trying little ways to learn her movements.
I went to the Brit School for the performing arts in Croydon at 14, picking music as my main subject, and I'm so glad I did. I knew lots of people who'd gone there, so I always had my mind set on it.
