British,Playwright
Food is your body's fuel. Without fuel, your body wants to shut down.
Minds are like flowers. If you let it sit there without soaking anything up, it will dry up.
The prime goal of an author is the same as a musician, which is to emotionally connect with the reader in some way or another.
Childhood is a promise that is never kept.
Writing a song is much like being an author. Yes, we all have tools to write (everyone has a brain I hope!), but that doesn't all of a sudden make us best selling authors.
Composers, like authors, have a lot in common. Our main goal is to connect with the listener emotionally.
If our main goal is to connect emotionally, we should want to have as many tools as we possibly can to achieve that goal. The more abilities that we have, the more choices we can make musically.
If you are making music for other people, you will have to be aware of how people relate to it.
Music is an art form. It is a way to wordlessly communicate.
I have come up with very creative ideas that really didn't work with the song I was currently composing.
The more I do in my life, the more I can write music about new experiences.
Sometimes just getting out of the house and doing something you haven't done in a long time (or never done!) can open up the doors to musical inspiration.
Music is an art form too. Sometimes other forms of art can be inspiring to the musician.
Mistakes can be good things, because it is an unexpected thing.
Sometimes I will click on a random sequence of notes- not to actually use it in a song, but to see if I can find maybe a simple pattern that I can build off of.
Location is a very important aspect to songwriting.
Sometime I write a song off a central idea, instead of emotion.
The most important thing is that you like the music.
Hooks need to be predictable and not predictable at the same time.
Music is about textures as well as melody.
The human voice sounds thicker with a chorus and reverb than a dry signal.
People don't have fun making music all the time.
