British,Musician
I'm very sensitive and I'm quite a soft person, and I cry a lot when things upset me.
I love a beautiful gown on stage, and luckily I've been fortunate to wear some amazing dresses.
If I can inspire people by showing that following a dream by working hard and being determined is possible, it's amazing.
It takes bravery to end a relationship.
I usually dream of melodies. When I wake up I have them in my head. I usually come up with things in the middle of the night because that's when my mind is the quietest. I always have my tape recorder, pen and pad by my bed just in case.
For me, love is happiness and inspiration.
Obviously, a long-distance relationship is hard. But, like anything worth having, you make it work.
People will always show their true selves in the end.
I'm a positive person, and I try to look at the good side of everything.
I'd date someone younger or older; age doesn't matter to me. Or looks, really - it's all about maturity.
I think it's always important to be vigilant of what you're doing and aware of your surroundings.
Animal testing is needless, especially in cosmetics.
I suffer from arachnophobia. I don't mind the tiny spiders so much, it's the ones with their legs covered in thick hair.
At the end of the day, you should take every opportunity that comes your way.
Overall, I'm quite good with how I spend my cashola.
I love music but, of course, I'd choose love over that.
I love nature and enjoy learning new skills.
A part of me feels like I was an animal in my past life that wasn't treated very nicely.
I have my best ideas when I am alone.
I feel like I've lived quite a sheltered life, like my mom and dad were quite protective of me.
I would love to sing opera.
I'll never go against my morals.
I don't mind letting people in a little bit, but I have learned from the past not to talk too much about my relationships and to keep things as private as possible.
David Bowie is such a big influence to me. Everything about him as a person is intriguing to me.
I am, and always will be, proud to be a Hackney girl.
I'm really not that confident!
I'm glad I was never in a band.
I like someone who can take the reins, who knows what they want and is strong with me.
I never dress to shock.
Love is a very powerful emotion and when a break-up is unexpected, it's very hard to get over.
I want all of my songs to do well whether I've written them or not.
I've still kind of maintained a low profile but people still kind of recognize you and will come up to you, and that's taken a bit of getting used to.
My parents have always done what they've loved, and they've had many different careers.
I'm not annoying in relationships! I'm great!
I could hang with horses all day.
People write music, and the music is out there for people to interpret it how they want to.
I'd love to do a film like 'Chicago.' Something musical because I've obviously come from that background.
I've always been conscious of my weight.
I trust every single person around me, and if I feel even a whiff of uncertainty I won't have that person around me.
My mum is my best friend.
My dad is such a good man. You know how when you are a child you think your dad is invincible? Well, I still think that - he is so wise and everything I do I ask my dad's advice about first.
I would like to be a positive force for young girls.
I definitely keep myself secret.
In my life, I've dealt with tragedy.
Oh my gosh! I can't tell you the number of times people have put autotune on my voice, and I'm like, 'Please take it off!' You don't even sound human; it makes you sound like a robot!
People don't really know me at all.
Kids need somewhere to go, so they're not bored on the street.
I don't get involved in record label politics.
I am a whole lot of trouble.
I don't have many famous friends, really, except Simon Cowell.
I hate having my hair cut so I try not to.
I get such lovely gifts from fans... amazing pictures, handmade jewellery. I'm very lucky!
I'm quite curvy and I just try and exercise whenever I can. I don't do anything hardcore as I'm just not that dedicated.
I try not to diet because it never really works for me, if I tell myself I can't eat something then I tend to want to eat everything in sight.
My private life is the most precious thing to me.
I'd love to be on 'Glee.' I'd love to play a rebel. Be a real biker chick in leather and covered in tattoos.
I get road rage. I can't drive because I cuss people out.
I can't remember who told me but I was advised early on not to Google myself or read things about myself... I don't read a lot but get the gist of what's been said from friends and family. It's good to avoid it if you want to be normal person.
Fear and pain and suffering is not OK for any being to feel intentionally at the hands of us.
I dont hate L.A. There's a very beautiful side to it; it's scenic, and I can go horse riding.
I believe I could have had a career in the music industry without 'X Factor,' but it was an amazing platform that propelled me to where I am now.
I don't like going out where it's really, really crowded.
Usually when I see someone famous, for some reason, I think I know them.
All my friends I've known since I was really little.
There are so many songs I've recorded, only to hear other people singing them. It happens all the time.
