British,Soldier
The team should have implicit confidence in the captain's decisions.
Here I am in my first command - a bit dazed but feeling very grand.
My trophy value exceeded my military usefulness.
I have been driven demented in my career.
What do you do if you are asked to do a job, first by the Prime Minister, and then by the King? How can you refuse?
Churchill was the canny political animal, very devious, bursting with energy and determination, learning as hard as he could.
The primary factor in a successful attack is speed.
Even that crazy lunatic, my aunt the Empress, wa absolutely sweet and charming.
I am much more intelligent than you think.
I believe firmly that it was the Almighty's goodness, to check my consummate vanity.
I liked Truman very much. He was precise and businesslike. After a while, it was his turn.
I suppose you can say I became an odd-job man.
I was born with an ability to concentrate very hard on a job for a long time.
I was so keen to get back to sea. I was rattled.
In 1966 I became president of the British Computer Society.
It is a curious thing, but I have been right in everything I have done and said in my life.
It never entered my father's mind nor my mind ever to do a job othe than at one's best ability.
Men o' war were to be a part of the fabric of my life for the next half-century.
My father was afraid of his father, I was afraid of my father, and I don't see why my children shouldn't be afraid of me.
My mother said, Don't worry abot what people think now. Think about whether your children and grandchildren will think you've done well.
Never feel that a piece of criticism or advice is too much trouble to give, or that it exceeds your province.
No one person invented Mulberry. The knowledge that we had to have this floating harbor slowly grew.
Prince Charles is an absolute Mountbatten. The real intelligence in the royal family comes through my parents to Prince Philip and the children.
This is the war I fear.
You can divide my life into two.
