British,Politician
Learning a foreign language, and the culture that goes with it, is one of the most useful things we can do to broaden the empathy and imaginative sympathy and cultural outlook of children.
It's critical that children spend time before they arrive in school in a warm, attractive and inclusive environment, where they can learn through play, master social skills and prepare for formal schooling.
I think overall our national security is strengthened if we are able to make the decisions that we need and the alliances that we believe in outside the current structures of the European Union.
Well I've been crystal clear that we should not have schools which are set up by extremists whether they're Christian fundamentalists, Islamic fundamentalists or any other sort of outrageous and beyond the pale organization.
In this fallen world, I suspect we will never achieve perfection. But that won't stop me trying.
I put my country and my principles first.
The common fisheries policy essentially gave other European Union nations unfettered access to our fish stocks and - I would hope - that if we leave the European Union, we can once more see the ports of Peterborough and Fraserhead and Grimsby flourishing, because we will take back control of our territorial waters.
The people I admire most are those doing outstanding things for the poorest children, such as Michael Wilshaw at Mossbourne academy, Dan Moynihan and all those at the Harris academies, and those at chains such as Ark and the Haberdashers, who are driving up standards in the poorest areas.
I have a brother-in-law who lives in Spain.
Traditional Anglicans - whether in Nigeria or Nottingham - have been wary, at best, of the acceptance and welcome given to gay men and women and their sexual choices by secular society.
I sometimes think that the In campaign appears to be operating to a script written by George R.R. Martin and Stephen King - Brexit would mean a combination of 'A Feast for Crows' and 'Misery.'
I am in favour of migration; I simply want to control the numbers.
I think the depressing litany of projections about World War Three and global Brexit recession we hear from the Remain side is not the sort of approach we should take into the future.
You wouldn't tolerate an underperforming surgeon in an operating theatre, or a underperforming midwife at your child's birth. Why is it that we tolerate underperforming teachers in the classroom?
The single most important thing in a child's performance is the quality of the teacher. Making sure a child spends the maximum amount of time with inspirational teachers is the most important thing.
I have a different starting premise from those 100 academics who are so heavily invested in the regime of low expectations and narrow horizons which they have created.
Hanging may seem barbarous, but the greater barbarity lies in the slow abandonment of our common law traditions.
It's the invincible arrogance of Europe's elites that gets me. These are people who have seen the euro collapse. These are people who are presiding over a migration crisis on their borders, and yet do they ever acknowledge that they need to change? No. They say they need more integration, more of our money, more control over this country.
I won't criticise anyone else's statements, and the public will make up their own minds. And if the public think that any side or any individual has strayed too far away from what's expected of public representatives, then they'll make that judgement.
Ever since going up to university, I have accumulated new debt, and new means of becoming indebted.
We have the opportunity not just to choose our job or profession, but also to choose the sort of life we want to live and the imprint we will leave on others.
I'm clear that we do need to improve what's happening in our schools.
I think it's appropriate that we simplify, clarify and strengthen, so instead of this nebulousness, we have clarity and authority invested in teachers once more.
I believed and hoped that we would be able to secure a deal with Europe which would enable us to amend free movement.
I think the people in this country have had enough of experts with organisations from acronyms saying that they know what is best and getting it consistently wrong.
There is a slam-dunk case for extending foreign language teaching to children aged five. Just as some people have taken a perverse pride in not understanding mathematics, so we have taken a perverse pride in the fact that we do not speak foreign languages, and we just need to speak louder in English.
Many more schools can be outstanding.
When I talk to teachers they tell me the things they'd most like from any government are a reduction in bureaucracy, support to help ensure good discipline and a reformed Ofsted.
My sister and I know our lives could have been different - radically, unthinkably, irretrievably different - if we had not been adopted. We might have found ourselves in homes without love, stability or kindness. We might have found ourselves in care for much longer, without the secure attachment that being cradled in a mother's arms brings.
I love my parents in the way most children would: for having been there at every point in my youth and childhood, ready to pick me up when I fell and support me when I stumbled.
Children in dysfunctional homes at risk of abuse are kept in danger for too long because politically correct rules mean we won't challenge unfit parents.
Adopting means opening your home, and heart, to a life you've never known. But there is nothing as richly rewarding as being an adoptive parent.
You come home to find your 17-year-old daughter engrossed in a book. Which would delight you more - if it were 'Twilight' or 'Middlemarch?'
Proper history teaching is being crushed under the weight of play-based pedagogy which infantilises children, teachers and our culture.
As long as there are people in education making excuses for failure, cursing future generations with a culture of low expectations, denying children access to the best that has been thought and written, because Nemo and the Mister Men are more relevant, the battle needs to be joined.
I know myself, from my own background, the E.U. depresses employment and destroys jobs. My father had a business destroyed by the common fisheries policy.
The majority people in this country are suffering because of our membership of the E.U.
I think the principal purpose of education is to allow each of us, when we become adults, to shape our own future.
The Government wants to give young people from every community the chance to learn about the heroism and sacrifice of our great-grandparents, which is why we are organising visits to the battlefields of the Western Front.
The First World War may have been a uniquely horrific war, but it was also plainly a just war.
The next leader of this country needs to be someone who believes heart and soul that Britain should be outside the European Union.
I wanted to put the national interest before my personal interests.
I recognise that fishing is perhaps not the most high-employment industry in this country, but it's a symbol of what we lost when we entered the E.U.: control over national resources that, if we retained them, we could have husbanded in our interest and, indeed, in the interest of others.
I found reading Alan Bennett striking because you have this sudden flash of recognition when you read about a boy who has intellectual interests utterly different from his parents.
My parents adopted me, and then, by the age of four or five, I was asking all sorts of questions, and they found themselves with a son who was interested in the sorts of things that they valued but weren't natural to them.
I was very lucky in that I had a couple of teachers who were particularly supportive.
If events had taken a different course, I could have been one of those children going to a school without the sorts of opportunities that I've subsequently had.
If we, in the future, have confidence in ourselves, then there's no limit to what we can achieve, and I think the depressing litany... that we hear from the Remain side is not the type of approach we should take into the future.
I think, instead of the pessimism of the Remain campaign, we have an opportunity to think of the next generation. If we have faith in their talent, in their generosity, in their hard work, we can, if we leave the E.U., ensure the next generation makes this country once more truly great.
There are great things that Britain can do in the future as a progressive beacon. By voting Leave, we have that opportunity.
People should vote for democracy, and Britain should vote for hope.
I can't foretell the future, but I don't believe that the act of leaving the European Union would make our economic position worse; I think it would make it better.
I don't want to have anyone else as Prime Minister other than David Cameron, and if people spend their time thinking about some of this stuff, then they are getting in the way of two things: one, a fair, open, fact-based referendum debate; and two, the Conservative government continuing afterwards in a stable and secure fashion.
Our security and sovereignty stand together.
I believe that there are better opportunities to keep people safe if we are outside the European Union.
Good schools should be left alone.
Ed Balls keeps saying that we are committed to scrapping the EMA. I have never said this. We won't.
When we vote to leave, I think a majority of people in Scotland will also vote to leave as well.
The economic basis on which Nicola Sturgeon and the Scottish nationalists made the case for separation was based on an oil price much higher than it is at the moment, so there will be no case for it.
Scottish nationalism has grown since we entered the European Union.
There wasn't a Scottish nationalist MP elected at any general election when we were outside the E.U.
One thing is undeniable. If we are going to continue to have support for migration, we need to be able to control the numbers.
One of the reasons why Australia and Canada have support for migration is because they control the numbers.
In England, more than in any comparable country, those who are born poor are more likely to stay poor, and those who inherit privilege are more likely to pass on privilege. For those of us who believe in social justice, this stratification and segregation are morally indefensible.
I can't influence how other parties choose to vote.
I'm not asking the public to trust me; I'm asking the public to trust themselves.
The people who are backing the Remain campaign are people who have done very well, thank you, out of the European Union.
I'm one of many who have seen their parents and their friends lose their jobs, lose their income, lose their livelihood because of the European Union.
Don't belittle the hurt that has been caused by the job-destroying machine that is the European Union.
Barack Obama would never accept a court in Mexico decreeing what the law in the United States would be.
My judgment about what is right for this country will always guide me.
There are all sorts of people who will say disobliging things about me. I don't mind that. I would rather people said, 'This is a man that sticks to his principles, not a man who's worried about popularity.'
I prefer to take the view of businesspeople who are actually generating jobs and creating wealth.
Jamie Dimon and J.P. Morgan are contributing millions to the Remain campaign because they do very nicely, thank you, out of the E.U.
We have, in the E.U., a market rigged in favour of the rich and stacked against the poor, and I think that's wrong.
I'm not interested in defending the position of those who already have money, power and privilege.
What I think is wrong is spending £9m of taxpayers' money on one particular piece of one-sided propaganda.
The decision to trigger Article 50 is in the hands of the next prime minister. If that is me, I will make a judgement as to when is right for Britain, and I won't be hurried or hassled by anyone into pressing that button or triggering that article until I believe it is right for this country.
Whether we vote to leave or remain, there are risks to our future; there are challenges in the global economy.
My view is that those challenges will be easier to meet, those risks will be less if we vote to leave because we will have control of the economic levers; we will have control over money we send to the European Union. We will have control over our own laws, and as a result, we will be able to deal with whatever the world throws at us.
There aren't many contemporary Christian leaders who are both energetic in their condemnation of the crimes of communism and robust in their analysis of the evil of Islamism, but Justin Welby stands out.
Anyone who's working in manufacturing here should know they will have increased opportunities if we leave the European Union.
Optimists - people who believe in Britain, who believe in democracy - they're the people I believe who will vote for us to leave and take back control.
I will do exactly as the Prime Minister asks me.
I want people to concentrate not on my job but on their jobs.
Making promises and then saddling yourself with a political system and a political union that means that you cannot deliver those promises, I fear, doesn't contribute to an atmosphere of trust and confidence in politics.
I have specifically argued that we need to change our relationship with the European Union by fundamentally reforming not just our relationship but the European Union itself.
No-one is forced to stand for Parliament; no-one is compelled to become a minister. If you take on those roles, which are great privileges, you also take on big responsibilities.
I was encouraged to stand for Parliament by David Cameron, and he has given me the opportunity to serve in what I believe is a great, reforming government. I think he is an outstanding Prime Minister.
I believe that the decisions which govern all our lives, the laws we must all obey, and the taxes we must all pay should be decided by people we choose and who we can throw out if we want change.
The ability to choose who governs us, and the freedom to change laws we do not like, were secured for us in the past by radicals and liberals who took power from unaccountable elites and placed it in the hands of the people.
The free market is not a god; we have to do everything we can to make the market competitive.
If you vote to leave the E.U.... we will have additional flexibility to help industries who really need it.
At the beginning of the 20th century, the Conservative cabinet was called Hotel Cecil.
I see education in the U.K. as a civil rights struggle.
I don't think I'm a revolutionary, and I'd certainly be an unlikely one.
Democratic self-government has manifestly brought benefits to India, Japan, Norway, Switzerland, South Africa, South Korea, and scores of nations all making their way in the world.
What's a fact is that we give more than £350 million to the European Union and hand over control of that money to the European Union every week.
There are economic risks if we leave, economic risks if we remain.
I don't think there will be a recession as a result of a vote to leave.
I absolutely think that David Cameron should stay, whatever the result of the referendum, and I hope that he will stay for the full second term which he was elected to serve.
I am on the side of the people.
Too many people go to university.
The reason why I'm in Parliament is not really to see my colleagues win power; it is to see us at last in a position where we can give it up.
Life would have been easier for me if I had taken the path of least resistance.
The first thing I would like to say is that I don't think folk at Westminster - or for that matter at Holyrood - constitute an elite. They are representatives who are elected and who are at the service of voters who can fire them.
There is no prospect of any of us being able to kick out any of the presidents of Europe; they operate in a sphere and a realm well away from and out of reach of and out of touch with the people.
