British,Businessman
From my early school days, I was brought up with the belief that we have a duty to use our talents, to volunteer and to make a contribution.
I enjoy giving money away. The more you give, the more you get.
At the age of 61, my hip went. I was skiing in Chile with my son, and there was a turn, and I kept falling. I thought, 'What an idiot; what's going on here?'
You take the noise and put it in data information knowledge, and you get insight from that knowledge. How to execute the trade, the timing, sizing, long, short, and then you risk manage it.
I am not sure that I am that smart. I think we work harder. When I was at university, there were a lot of smarter people than me, and they seem not to have done quite so well.
Markets are a good thing, and they are the best way of ensuring we have fairness.
When traders were able to earn a million dollars, of which base pay was $150,000 to $200,000 and the rest was bonus, they would go for it. Now if you're sitting there earning $600,000, you become less risk-seeking. And if you have less risk-seeking, the ability of the market to be incredibly volatile is increased.
People want to make sure there is flexibility to reallocate assets. They are trusting us to make the asset allocation decisions.
I get excited about people doing stuff, and to whom I want to give. And I believe in giving back to people who have helped me and my family in the past. The key is getting excited.
My grandmother was a Greenpeace supporter. We've always done that sort of thing; we've always believed in helping others - it's part of our ethos.
For me, I get immense pleasure out of giving. I do what I can. I try and give around 10% of my earnings a year. Some years, I give more, some I give less.
I do believe in Christ, but I would not hold myself up as any paragon of virtue at all - far from it, really.
Charity is important; so is being fair and honest and honorable in your business - but you cannot mix the two.
My giving is discretionary, but keeping the business going is not.
I have been very fortunate, so much is expected of me.
