British,Musician
I was quite the quiet teenager. I was a bit of a loner, a little bit of an outsider.
The music industry doesn't exist the way it used to. You'll never have another star like the stars of the '90s.
I'm not necessarily that big of a clubbing junkie, but I really like dance music as a genre.
I'm not creating an enigma or leaving mystery, I'm just respecting myself enough as an artist to give myself room to grow and not to be devoured all in one go.
Sometimes I dress like what I want for lunch, because all I can think about is having a tuna sandwich.
I have opinions on everything. I'm a stubborn old mule. The biggest problem is keeping my mouth shut.
We all have to be dishes on a plate eventually, with the way we are marketed, but I have no intention of being a cheap Chinese all-you-can-eat buffet.
Strangely, I feel that I become increasingly reclusive in my normal life and more open and candid in my music.
They say shyness is a form of egotism, and you are only shy because you care too much about what people think of you. And maybe its true, maybe I am just an egotist.
You never know which gig is going to be your last.
I wish I had more guts when I was younger because then I would've said things to people's faces instead of just running away all the time.
If I really like the smell of something - a piece of tar or my goddaughter's plastic doll - I put a tiny piece in a bottle with a label. I keep them in a fridge in my bathroom.
I really want people to know me, to find out about me, and if they really like me, to stick with me.
New York is a bit of a dangerous place to me because you often leave in a blur.
I collect toys.
I never talk about anything to do with my sexuality.
Some people make records that are defined by their sexuality, but mine really are not.
I lack trust in others.
I was born out of classical music.
Melody is disarming. It's anarchic!
You can't believe the amount of speculation you get over your private life.
As a teenager, in my songbook, I used to script what my lighting would be like. I used to dance in my roo;, it was like putting myself in a trance, and making myself feel good about things, almost like a private ceremony of begging people to like you.
Most of the people who write pop music were outsiders at some time in their life.
The stage is my territory, my boxing ring. That's where I'm free.
Lady Gaga has a very unjaded intelligence. It's brilliant, 'cause it's anti-snob.
I've always said in the press, I can fall in love with a man. I can fall in love with a woman. And I've always said that I have no shame in that.
The best way to make the most serious point in the world is to be as unserious as possible.
I am very suspicious of people.
I was always told I was ugly. I still think I am ugly. I know I've got an odd face and you can't tell me otherwise.
Part of me sees myself as talented, and the other part sees me as strange. Ideas get stuck in your head and nothing changes them. Not even fame.
A stylist might say you look amazing in anything. Your family will always tell you if you look a complete idiot.
Most people's jobs are rooted in reality.
I was a show-off as a kid. I was wearing bow ties and matching coloured trousers.
Mixed reactions? Sure, I get them all the time. I'm a Marmite artist.
Anyone who tries to diss me in comparison to Queen, it just renders all their criticisms completely futile. That's quite pleasurable.
I'd never compare myself to Freddie Mercury because I look up to him far too much. As an artist, not necessarily as a person.
Hype is scary.
I want to make big-sounding pop records.
I found school pretty tough. I got the mickey taken out of me at school.
I write songs about fat girls and about men who run off to Mexico.
My first record was about childhood. There were a lot of nursery rhyme and fairytale references; it was all about being naive.
Never had any idols, ever. I never had any posters, nothing.
Everything I do is very visual and very aural, so I don't read music, and I draw as much as I write out lyrics.
I'm obsessed with plastic. I like the syntheticness.
I completely understand the responsibility I have in continuing the sonic style that I have created.
Well, I have to say, most of my clothes are designed and made by my mother.
It's very hard to find men's clothes that do what you want, especially when you go through them as quickly as I do. I need them to be flashy, but I never like to be overdressed. I need to make a statement, but I hate wearing too many clothes.
I certainly don't follow fashion. I think fashion, as far as the industry and the whole world that surrounds it, is quite vile, and I'm repelled by it.
I'm a big illustration and comic book fan. In my eyes, comic books and illustration are the same kind of art forms.
Some people say I've got a five-octave range, which is ridiculous. That would mean I'd sing like Mariah Carey or that alien in 'The Fifth Element.' And I'm nothing like that blue alien. I've got a range of about 3 1/2 octaves.
I'm always calling my doctor because I'm constantly injuring myself while on the road, like tearing a ligament, blasting my ears or losing my voice. Plus, I'm a total hypochondriac.
When you come from nowhere, I am fully aware of the fact that people have to compare you to other artists to kind of place you.
In fact, no one has ever really wanted to go on a date with me.
Everything I write is about me.
