British,Athlete
It has been a long journey, but if you dream and have the ambition and want to work hard, then you can achieve.
It's doesn't just come overnight, you've got to train for it and believe in yourself; that's the most important thing.
There is so much to discover in Dubai.
I'm as much of a human being as the rest of the world. But if I don't train, I don't win. If I don't focus, I don't win. So I don't have a choice: I just have to run.
I believe no matter who you are, respect yourself, respect others.
This is where I started life. This is where I went to uni. This is where the people I know are. This is my country, and when I put on my Great Britain vest, I'm proud, very proud, that it's my country.
If I look back down the years, how I was treated as a kid, if it wasn't for the teachers at my school, then I wouldn't have achieved what I have. You have to look where you came from, and we do need to get more parents involved, more running clubs and more schools. They can make a difference.
It's important you think positively not negatively. Think about your loved ones and all the people who are behind you.
I put my body through hell. I run 120 miles a week, week in, week out.
If your body needs certain food, you have to give it to it. And as an athlete, if I'm doing 100 miles a week and working out, if I eat bad food one day, it's not bad for me because I burn it off.
What drives me is winning medals and going out there and enjoying it.
All that work you put in, it's so worth it to win a medal.
I love what I do. I want to continue winning medals.
To be labelled a cheat - it's not fair. If I'm a cheat, then prove I'm a cheat or just leave me alone and let me do what I do best.
I could sit at home, watch TV, and go for the odd run. But to be the best, you have to make this sacrifice, keep going away and doing blocks of training in the mountains.
I'm especially drawn to the sand dunes. I love driving around and exploring them by dune buggy.
There's a time in everyone's career where you go, 'Ah, this is hard - how long am I going to have to do this?' But the rewards are so great. Who gets to go on the podium and hear the national anthem? The whole nation singing! Money can't buy you that.
I go through a lot of painful things. There are sessions when I will be on my back afterwards, crawling.
It triggers something in you as a human being because you forget what your parents did for you. But when you become a parent, you're like, 'Whoa! It's hard work.' No wonder your parents always tell you off! They've done a lot for you.
You imagine running 120 miles a week, week in, week out, for the past four or five years. It takes a little bit out of you.
I said to myself, 'I don't want to be coming sixth or seventh, and being the best in Britain. I want to be the best in the world and race against these Kenyan guys.'
The whole reason I moved to the U.S. to be coached by Alberto Salazar is to be able to improve 1 or 2 per cent. I was sick of coming sixth in the world, seventh in the world, and get close to a medal, but not quite there, half-a-second.
I've shown that if you dream and are willing to work hard, you can achieve your dreams.
As an athlete you want to be able to choose something that you haven't already achieved. Is it different distances, or do you come back and defend your titles? It depends what your coach says.
I always learn something from every race.
What do you want to be? If you don't put the work in, you're not going to be able to be it.
I want to thank the public, so I have to keep doing what I do, which is keep winning medals for my country.
I wasn't a fighting kid or a causing-trouble kid. I was just one of those cheeky, crazy kids running around.
I am just grateful I have a British passport and a country here.
In life, if people need help, then we should try and help them out.
You try and help something, and later on it bites you, so it's a hard decision, but as a country, as a nation, people need our help.
I don't know much about politics, but you have to look at it with the bigger picture and think what's best for us now, what's best for us in 10 years' time, what's best for our kids' kids' future - and I don't know.
Social media can be dangerous. People hide behind their computers and write negative things, so I like to keep it about communicating with my fans.
Even though running is work for me, I always miss it if I take a break. A lot of people find running relaxing, but I can never switch off from timing and competing against myself.
My first Olympics memory was watching Haile Gebrselassie in Sydney 2000. His sprint finish to defend his title really moved me.
If I am lining up for a race, and I know there is someone there who cheats, it upsets me.
I don't want to talk politics, but what I do say is I believe in rules and laws, and if you come to this country, you've got to abide by the rules here.
I work every day, and every year I spend seven months away from my family. I miss my kids' birthdays, and those are times I will never be able to go back on and share with them. That kills me.
It's hard, and I don't always get to see my kids. I will never catch up on that time I've missed.
I wished for just one medal as a junior.
Whenever I race in the U.K., the crowd just makes such a massive difference, often between winning and losing.
Everybody in middle-distance running knows each other, and we all know what we are capable of.
Every race is different. If you come down the home straight neck and neck, the crowd cheering for you can decide the race.
You've got to believe in God.
Everything happens for a reason, so you shouldn't get wound up.
Look at my success. I didn't achieve it overnight. It has been the product of many years' struggle, and every year, my times have shown gradual improvement.
I was running sub-13 minutes for 5,000 when I was still coached by Alan Storey, and I won double gold at the Europeans in 2010.
It would be great to run around with the family every day, go shopping, take the children out. At my level, though, I can only afford to do that for one week maximum. Otherwise I have to eat, sleep, train - nothing else.
Because of who I am, people ask for photos. I can't just say no to everyone.
I work every day hard. I put my body through hell. Let me tell you, every year, seven months of the year, I don't see my family. Year in, year out. I miss my kids. Kid's birthdays, anniversaries. I'll never be able to go back and be with my family.
Let me do what I do best. And that's to run and represent my country and make my country proud.
In America... it's not divided, but with Trump now, it's like you are asking for trouble. We wouldn't dare to say any of the things he is saying in our country and get away with it. It's just... blasphemy.
I'm away about six months of the year, competing here in the U.K. or in training camps in Arizona, Ethiopia, the Pyrenees.
In training camp, you know what each person is doing.
It gets to you as a father when your kids don't react to you in the way you imagine.
What I do, it's part of my job, but you want to bring your kids up the right way and give them everything - to be there for them and have that connection.
I'm the champion, and to stay ahead, I have to work harder.
If I didn't have the family and everything, I wouldn't be where I am.
I'd love to work with children. I've set up the charity, and that's going well. We've got a lot of projects we're doing in Somalia, so I'd like to see how we're doing there.
I try to be honest in what I do and in everything I do. I try to be honest with my family.
The public do get behind me, and I love the crowd. When I'm ever in London, they give me massive support - the Anniversary Games, the cheers; they are always nice to me.
My goals are to run the London Marathon and do the best that I can.
I enjoy my athletics, and I want to take it as far as I can.
When I run for my country, I'm very proud to run for my country.
There's Kenyan guys who last year or two years ago were running for Kenya, and then they switched to Qatar and Bahrain and other countries. Yes, I do have a problem with that.
I've become someone else, really, like a role model.
Come join us; see the reality of what I have to do to achieve what I achieve. There are no cutting corners.
I want to spend as much time as I can with my kids, but I know the opportunities in athletics don't often come round, so I've just got to make the most of it.
Dubai is a safe place, and I never came across anything to worry about.
Obviously, I believe in clean sport and want to do all that I can, but at the same time, you can only control yourself.
Athletics, for me, was something I was pushed towards. I really wanted to play football when I was younger. Over the years, I started to enjoy it more and learn about it.
I remember, in 1999, the first time I met Steve Cram, I didn't know who he was. It was only later, on YouTube, I started watching Seb Coe, Ovett. So it's nice to be recognised as one of the best guys in the world.
