British,Journalist
You don't go around grieving all the time, but the grief is still there and always will be.
I never taste the wine first in restaurants, I just ask the waiter to pour.
I can understand why those primitive desert people think a camera steals their soul. It is unnatural to see yourself from the outside.
At some stages of your life you will deal with things and at others you are overwhelmed with misery and anxiety.
It sounds like something on a very trite T-shirt, but life is what happens.
Cooking is actually quite aggressive and controlling and sometimes, yes, there is an element of force-feeding going on.
Also, in a funny way, if you have been happily married there are no unresolved areas, nothing to prove to yourself after the other dies.
There is a kind of euphoria of grief, a degree of madness.
I need to be frightened of things. I hate it, but I must need it, because it's what I do.
There is something wrong about being photographed that has nothing to do with vanity.
There is a vast difference between how things seem from the outside and how they feel on the inside.
I think maybe when you live with someone who is really very ill for a long time, it somehow gives you more of a greedy appetite for life and maybe, yes, you are less measured in your behaviour than you would otherwise be.
And, in a funny way, each death is different and you mourn each death differently and each death brings back the death you mourned earlier and you get into a bit of a pile-up.
Emotion is messy, contradictory... and true.
I'm not someone who's endlessly patient and wonderful.
In fact I am quite snappy and irritable, and I don't know if I'd like to make myself worse in that respect.
You need a balance in life between dealing with what's going on inside and not being so absorbed in yourself that it takes over.
I am not sure about facelifts because I wouldn't want to be someone who just looks like she's had a facelift.
Anyway, what makes people look youthful is the quality of their skin and I don't think you can change that.
On the whole, I prefer Christmas as an adult than I did as a child.
I was a quiet teenager, introverted, full of angst.
I wasn't good with authority, went to lots of schools, didn't like the fact that there was no autonomy.
People who have fabulous childhoods have this sense that nothing is ever going to be that good again. With me, I have the sense that nothing is going to be that bad.
'Statistically, people who have been happily married and then widowed tend to remarry.
The modern world is personal; people want to know intimate things.
But if you know that something has been really vicious, you don't read it, you don't let it into your head. What's damaging is when sentences go through your head and you burn with the injustice of it.
