British,Politician
The Treasury has enough trouble with forecasts even when they are trying to get them right.
If our system of cabinet government is to work effectively, the prime minister of the day must appoint ministers he or she trusts and then leave them to carry out that policy.
We should be forced to give so many exemptions and concessions (inevitably to the benefit of high spending authorities in Inner London) that the flat-rate poll tax would rapidly become a surrogate income tax.
I don't think the government needs to be frightened of the banks in the slightest.
I am in favour of a fully transferable allowance.
We already have a sabbatical system. It's called opposition, and I've had enough of it.
To govern is to choose. To appear to be unable to choose is to appear to be unable to govern.
The NHS is the closest thing the English have to a religion.
There is always, of course, a limit in a democracy as to what is politically possible, so you have to respect that limit. But in my experience, governments tend to be too timid.
The successful conduct of economic policy is possible only if there is - and is seen to be - full agreement between the Prime Minister and the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Britain's destiny lies in Europe.
As the resignation letter which I wrote to the Prime Minister clearly implies, it was not the outcome I sought, but it is one that I accept without rancour, despite what might be described as the hard landing involved.
No one, however long they have held the post, lightly gives up the great office of Chancellor of the Exchequer. Certainly I did not.
When differences of view emerge, as they are bound to do from time to time, they should be resolved privately and whenever appropriately, collectively.
I have long argued that in the modern world, corporation tax has had its day as a major source of tax revenue.
I strongly suspect that there would be a positive economic advantage to the U.K. in leaving the single market.
A flat-rate poll tax would be politically unsustainable; even with a rebate scheme, the package would have an unacceptable impact on certain types of household.
One of the most important things that a Thatcher government did was change the mood of the nation to give it back its confidence.
This clutching hold of the E.U. is a sign of a lack of national self-confidence - which is not healthy.
The 'in' campaign will attempt to scare people into believing that if the U.K. were to leave, investment and jobs would move abroad. They are as wrong about that now as they were when they warned that this would happen if we did not sign up to the Euro.
One of the things that concerned me was the way the system operated: the wife who went out to work got a full personal allowance, but the wife who was working at home got nothing. This was particularly hard on wives who gave up work for a time to bring up children.
God forbid that the United Kingdom should take a lead and introduce a sensible tax system of its own which would probably comprise a very low level of corporation tax - tax on corporate profits - and perhaps a low level of corporate sales tax, because sales are where they are, and sales in this country are sales here, which we can tax here.
I have to say to the Government that you are not even getting nowhere fast - you are getting nowhere slowly.
You have got to clear up that corporation tax in the modern way has had its day as a major source of revenue, and we have got to find a new system.
However useful computer models may be, the one thing they cannot be is evidence. Computer climate models are simply conjectures.
Those who claim that to leave the E.U. would damage the City are the very same as those who in the past confidently predicted, with a classic failure of understanding, that the City would be gravely damaged if the U.K. failed to adopt the euro as its currency.
