British,Journalist
If you're going to have a public subsidy to education, vouchers are clearly a better way of delivering it. They should result in some loosening up and privatization of the government school system.
The problem with K-12 education is socialism and the solution is capitalism.
There's no particular relationship between spending and educational results. Most education spending is actually on salaries, and that's allocated according to political muscle.
Textbook publishers don't even bother to advertise at their conventions.
Teacher unions are an interest group that acts in defense of their own interests, which means the union bosses' interests, not the members.
I think good teachers are underpaid.
Why can't teachers end up owning schools, the way waiters can open their own restaurants?
I think we spend too much on K-12 education a.k.a. teachers' salaries. It's the only industry where you never see any productivity increases.
I think the Republicans are subverted by the fact that so many of their leaders send their kids to private schools, they don't really have the stomach for the fight.
I suppose the White House thinks it's doing what Big Business wants, but it will lead to vastly increased taxes, because all these guest workers are to be allowed to bring their children.
I've been a financial journalist for 30 years.
A nation is an organic thing.
This type of mass influx is simply too much to handle. What we've had since the disaster of the 1965 Immigration Act will take 100 years or more to absorb.
Immigration enthusiasts are so hysterical.
I think Bush's immigration proposal is treason and he should be impeached.
I think the Iraq War is not particularly tailored to American interests.
I think Bush has capitulated on affirmative action and government spending. Apart from that, he's OK, I guess. About the same as Howard Dean.
Hey, nothing grows to the sky. There will be a successor movement. Right now it's nascent.
The real boneheads are the libertarians.
I regard many of the neoconservatives as personal friends, but that's not stopped them from behaving with extraordinary viciousness towards those of us who raised the immigration issue.
