British,Statesman
Know the true value of time; snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it. No idleness, no laziness, no procrastination: never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Good humor is the health of the soul, sadness is its poison.
Swift speedy time, feathered with flying hours, Dissolves the beauty of the fairest brow.
If ever a man and his wife, or a man and his mistress, who pass nights as well as days together, absolutely lay aside all good breeding, their intimacy will soon degenerate into a coarse familiarity, infallibly productive of contempt or disgust.
Our own self-love draws a thick veil between us and our faults.
In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool.
Persist and persevere, and you will find most things that are attainable, possible.
Regularity in the hours of rising and retiring, perseverance in exercise, adaptation of dress to the variations of climate, simple and nutritious aliment, and temperance in all things are necessary branches of the regimen of health.
Pleasure is a necessary reciprocal. No one feels, who does not at the same time give it. To be pleased, one must please. What pleases you in others, will in general please them in you.
A weak mind is like a microscope, which magnifies trifling things, but cannot receive great ones.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
The only solid and lasting peace between a man and his wife is, doubtless, a separation.
As fathers commonly go, it is seldom a misfortune to be fatherless; and considering the general run of sons, as seldom a misfortune to be childless.
Whatever is worth doing at all is worth doing well.
Being pretty on the inside means you don't hit your brother and you eat all your peas - that's what my grandma taught me.
I recommend you to take care of the minutes, for the hours will take care of themselves.
Distrust all those who love you extremely upon a very slight acquaintance and without any visible reason.
Be wiser than other people if you can, but do not tell them so.
The mere brute pleasure of reading - the sort of pleasure a cow must have in grazing.
A novel must be exceptionally good to live as long as the average cat.
Hear one side and you will be in the dark. Hear both and all will be clear.
Aim at perfection in everything, though in most things it is unattainable. However, they who aim at it, and persevere, will come much nearer to it than those whose laziness and despondency make them give it up as unattainable.
Let your enemies be disarmed by the gentleness of your manner, but at the same time let them feel, the steadiness of your resentment.
Honest error is to be pitied, not ridiculed.
When a person is in fashion, all they do is right.
Vice, in its true light, is so deformed, that it shocks us at first sight; and would hardly ever seduce us, if it did not at first wear the mask of some virtue.
Custom has made dancing sometimes necessary for a young man; therefore mind it while you learn it, that you may learn to do it well, and not be ridiculous, though in a ridiculous act.
Any affectation whatsoever in dress implies, in my mind, a flaw in the understanding.
The difference between a man of sense and a fop is that the fop values himself upon his dress; and the man of sense laughs at it, at the same time he knows he must not neglect it.
Modesty is the only sure bait when you angle for praise.
Knowledge may give weight, but accomplishments give luster, and many more people see than weigh.
Knowledge of the world in only to be acquired in the world, and not in a closet.
Learning is acquired by reading books, but the much more necessary learning, the knowledge of the world, is only to be acquired by reading men, and studying all the various facets of them.
Frequent and loud laughter is the characteristic of folly and ill manners.
In my mind, there is nothing so illiberal, and so ill-bred, as audible laughter.
A man of sense only trifles with them, plays with them, humors and flatters them, as he does with a sprightly and forward child; but he neither consults them about, nor trusts them with, serious matters.
I find, by experience, that the mind and the body are more than married, for they are most intimately united; and when one suffers, the other sympathizes.
Patience is the most necessary quality for business, many a man would rather you heard his story than grant his request.
He makes people pleased with him by making them first pleased with themselves.
If you would convince others, seem open to conviction yourself.
The less one has to do, the less time one finds to do it in.
Let them show me a cottage where there are not the same vices of which they accuse the courts.
Wit is so shining a quality that everybody admires it; most people aim at it, all people fear it, and few love it unless in themselves. A man must have a good share of wit himself to endure a great share of it in another.
The more one works, the more willing one is to work.
The world is a country which nobody ever yet knew by description; one must travel through it one's self to be acquainted with it.
I am very sure that any man of common understanding may, by culture, care, attention, and labor, make himself what- ever he pleases, except a great poet.
The rich are always advising the poor, but the poor seldom return the compliment.
Take the tone of the company you are in.
I look upon indolence as a sort of suicide; for the man is effectually destroyed, though the appetites of the brute may survive.
A wise man will live as much within his wit as within his income.
To govern mankind, one must not overrate them.
Most people enjoy the inferiority of their best friends.
Advice is seldom welcome; and those who want it the most always want it the least.
Our prejudices are our mistresses; reason is at best our wife, very often heard indeed, but seldom minded.
Gratitude is a burden upon our imperfect nature, and we are but too willing to ease ourselves of it, or at least to lighten it as much as we can.
It is always right to detect a fraud, and to perceive a folly; but it is very often wrong to expose either. A man of business should always have his eyes open, but must often seem to have them shut.
A young man, be his merit what it will, can never raise himself; but must, like the ivy round the oak, twine himself round some man of great power and interest.
In the mass of mankind, I fear, there is too great a majority of fools and knaves; who, singly from their number, must to a certain degree be respected, though they are by no means respectable.
There is time enough for everything, in the course of the day, if you do but one thing at once; but there is not time enough in the year, if you will do two things at a time.
Politeness is as much concerned in answering letters within a reasonable time, as it is in returning a bow, immediately.
Words, which are the dress of thoughts, deserve surely more care than clothes, which are only the dress of the person.
Never seem more learned than the people you are with. Wear your learning like a pocket watch and keep it hidden. Do not pull it out to count the hours, but give the time when you are asked.
