British,Author
I don't really like heroes who always behave heroically. That's not interesting to me.
The most interesting legal philosophy is German, so naturally I went to Germany, particularly to Berlin, quite a bit.
Religion was quite a thing in our house - we were Baptists. Some Sundays I went to church three times. If there was a talk on missionary work in the afternoon, I could be there all bloody day. But religion took its first big knock after Dad died.
The hardest thing is to write about people. First and foremost, you have to encounter their humanity. That is the only way you can make them live as characters on the page.
As a writer, you rely on whatever makes you up as a person, whether those things are twisted and nasty or otherwise.
There is always a temptation to take things for granted, to get lazy, and to presume that the reader knows more than they do.
I think the context of an hour-long drama gives breathing space that you don't get in a film.
Publishers just want you to write the same book over and over again. But why would I want to do that? It would be like putting on a threadbare dressing-gown day after day.
I write by hand and then transfer the text onto the computer. I like the process of actually having a pen in my hand. Things flow more easily for me that way.
I love sitting at my desk and facing a quiet day with a pen in my hand, and putting myself into a story. It's kind of weird, isn't it? I mean, to absent myself from real life and make up stories is strange, but I started doing this when I was ten years old. It was all I wanted to do.
If I weren't a writer, I think I might have thrown myself more enthusiastically into advertising. But, it's difficult to imagine being a diligent copywriter. It would be quite exasperating for me.
I was a member of Corstorphine Library in Edinburgh, and every Friday night, my parents took me there to borrow books. I also used to spend nearly all my pocket money on books.
James Bond was an early favourite, although I didn't understand much of it. I read the Bible a lot, too. You might say that this was my favourite, since I seemed to read it so often.
I prefer to write books for children instead of reading them. But I do strongly believe in childhood and in respecting childhood innocence. I don't like books for children that deal with adult themes.
I used to play quite a good lead guitar, R&B style. Clapton and BB King are heroes.
My parents had never been to Germany. But I knew what I didn't want to write about, and I didn't want to write about Edinburgh. A lot of writers find Edinburgh fascinating, but I never did. As a matter of fact, I couldn't wait to get away from it.
There's a great tradition among the English of writing about Berlin. It's kind of a state of mind, almost. That even translates in terms of music. A lot of people go to Berlin with the idea that it's a state of mind.
I don't think any of us know how we would react until we were put in a situation where we have to do something bad or do something good. I think I'd like to believe I'd act like a decent human being, but I'm realistic to know I don't know.
History asks us to imagine ourselves in a period, but it's a very different situation when you're in that period and faced with those situations.
I always try to find a story in the margins of history, but I don't like to do too much that's improbable.
The mark of a writer is to make a story as likely as possible, and I've done my best to deliver authentic atmosphere.
A lot of crime writing suffers from treading water. I feel an obligation to move the character on and not repeat myself. I try to fit him into a different period and a different agenda. That way, you learn slightly more about his personal history in the tradition of the unreliable narrator. It makes it more challenging to write.
Being British, we tend to think of ourselves as America's best friend. And as your best friend, that gives us a little bit of license to point out things that could have been handled better.
It's not easy being the world's policeman. No one thanks you for it.
When I feel I'm repeating myself, I'll probably pack it in.
I always worry I've probably written one too many Bernie Gunther books and that I should probably give him his gold watch.
