British,Royalty
Carry out a random act of kindness, with no expectation of reward, safe in the knowledge that one day someone might do the same for you.
Family is the most important thing in the world.
I like to be a free spirit. Some don't like that, but that's the way I am.
I don't go by the rule book... I lead from the heart, not the head.
I'd like to be a queen in people's hearts but I don't see myself being queen of this country.
I think the biggest disease the world suffers from in this day and age is the disease of people feeling unloved. I know that I can give love for a minute, for half an hour, for a day, for a month, but I can give. I am very happy to do that, I want to do that.
The greatest problem in the world today is intolerance. Everyone is so intolerant of each other.
Hugs can do great amounts of good - especially for children.
Only do what your heart tells you.
Everyone of us needs to show how much we care for each other and, in the process, care for ourselves.
HIV does not make people dangerous to know, so you can shake their hands and give them a hug: Heaven knows they need it.
Being a princess isn't all it's cracked up to be.
I don't want expensive gifts; I don't want to be bought. I have everything I want. I just want someone to be there for me, to make me feel safe and secure.
Nothing brings me more happiness than trying to help the most vulnerable people in society. It is a goal and an essential part of my life - a kind of destiny. Whoever is in distress can call on me. I will come running wherever they are.
I want my boys to have an understanding of people's emotions, their insecurities, people's distress, and their hopes and dreams.
They say it is better to be poor and happy than rich and miserable, but how about a compromise like moderately rich and just moody?
The kindness and affection from the public have carried me through some of the most difficult periods, and always your love and affection have eased the journey.
I knew what my job was; it was to go out and meet the people and love them.
There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded.
I wear my heart on my sleeve.
It's vital that the monarchy keeps in touch with the people. It's what I try and do.
If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love.
You can't comfort the afflicted with afflicting the comfortable.
The biggest disease this day and age is that of people feeling unloved.
I'm aware that people I have loved and have died and are in the spirit world looking after me.
I want to walk into a room, be it a hospital for the dying or a hospital for the sick children, and feel that I am needed. I want to do, not just to be.
