British,Cartoonist
Business should never be allowed to justify mean, thug ugly deals for any reason.
Suspicion and doubt lead to animosity and hatred.
I've done the Rolling Stones eating each other.
You know, we're really destroying ourselves because we're really making the motivating force of anything we do selfish.
Evil is always devising more corrosive misery through man's restless need to exact revenge out of his hate.
God invented mankind because he loved silly stories.
Moral authority has been laid to rest, world opinion is no more than a game show and the difference between good and evil is about as relevant as changing channels.
I get my best ideas in a thunderstorm. I have the power and majesty of nature on my side.
I see if I can make human beings look like reptiles.
Like you do about Nelson Mandela, you can't help feeling the guy's a good man.
The kids are not brought up to have minds of their own as individuals.
You see, nature will do exactly what it must, and if we are a hindrance to its development, to even its destructive powers to reform itself and we are in a way, we will go.
We seem to think we have some control over this planet.
I once saw a lump of Greenland breaking off into the sea and moving south, which of course will affect the atmosphere and us generally, and it'll happen more and more.
You see that's what I think is such a terrible, terrible betrayal, the trust that people have in government.
Hunter and I never got proper journalistic accreditation to go anywhere. Nobody was giving us passes to go in here or there. We always had to somehow talk our way in.
Man has an innate capacity for violence, but can only justify it in the name of justice.
There is no truly global justice.
Isolationism is over.
It makes me so desperately sad to witness just how unforgivably wretched our world has become.
Governments are not running the show anymore. Scumbag Entrepreneurs are, and they have a harsh and ruthless agenda.
Man's idea of God, and a God's collusion, is an essential part of the equation to wage war.
I am an artist and have no right buggering about with verbs and split infinitives, which is what being a writer says to me.
I have even written a book about Wine called The Grapes of Ralph.
