British,Actor
Little moments can have a feeling and a texture that is very real.
One of the things that binds us as a family is a shared sense of humor.
You have to just dive over the edge. You haven't got time to mess about.
There is a humanitarian impulse that one aspires to and there are days when one doesn't do it very well.
I veer away from trying to understand why I act. I just know I need to do it.
What moves me in art is how we question who we are as people.
Gardeners are good at nurturing, and they have a great quality of patience, they're tender. They have to be persistent.
The sets were fantastic. The Harry Potter sets are brilliant. You do get transported for a second.
There are those moments when you shake someone's hand, have a conversation with someone, and suddenly your all bound together because you share your humanity in one simple moment.
Within the process of filming, unexpected situations occur.
You feel yourself working to show something. I've learned to distrust that feeling.
So much of movie acting is in the lighting. And in loving your characters. I try to know them, and with that intimacy comes love. And now, I love Voldemort.
I couldn't get as big as a bodybuilder. I tried to put on as much weight in the right places as I could. My weightlifting was impressive for me, but not for some of the guys I see down at the gym.
God is not anything human. God is a force, God is chaos, God is unknown. God is terror and enlightenment at the same time.
I'm sure acting is a deeply neurotic thing to do.
I admire the world of the books and the characters that she's created, but I'm not an addict of Harry Potter. I don't feel possessive about it.
I can't go and shoot people in the back of the head because It's a kids' movie, which is actually quite a good test because you haven't got the overt threat of a knife in the face.
I certainly gained a lot by reading about Shanghai.
I don't feel particularly comfortable about actors using whatever power they may have to push their beliefs, unless they're extremely well informed.
I don't plan a career. That doesn't work for me. I just have to go with my gut.
I got to read some writings by serial killers, and they got inside my head. They were quite disturbing. I read disturbing stuff about that very detached way of manipulating people to do things.
I have a lot of stuff I want to talk about and offer up. It would be odd not to have ideas about something.
I like to keep fit, but I never lift very heavy weights.
I respond to a part just intuitively when I read a script.
I was grateful to have two weeks to shoot this one scene in Harry Potter. It's a big, big scene, but they have to deliver. And they have high expectations.
I was only interested in my scene, and I had to go through thousands and thousands of other scenes. I got my scene and I read it many, many, many, many, many times. That was my research.
I tried to play rugby but was never very good.
When I first filmed things, they were always slightly awkward.
I've never felt fallow in the sense that there's been no work.
I don't feel I'm playing villains all the time.
I'm not very good at being domesticated. I've tried. The domestic life I find claustrophobic - the rituals and habits and patterns.
I guess I'd love to be surprised by something I had never thought of.
I have no regrets.
