British,Musician
I've just grown as a person, accepting my flaws as well. Before I was very insecure and I used to just hide, and now I just accept that I'm an imperfect human.
You have to be really strong in the music industry, and I'm naturally very timid. That was really hard for me. You have to be tough. You have to make decisions and be a businesswoman.
I knew I could sing. That one thing I did believe in was that I could sing, but then constantly getting rejected, it started to get me down. But my voice was always there and my dream and my ambition was always there when I went through bad times.
Constantly having to think about money is not nice. People used to say, 'Being rich doesn't make you happy'. And I'd think, 'I've got no electricity, nothing - tell that to my empty fridge'.
You always have guilt as a working mum, and you overcompensate by buying them loads of things. That was what I was doing, anyway. I've kind of realised now that I'm the best mum that I can be.
I'm very proud of my roots, and I would never try not to be who I am.
I'm playing with music and working on different types of music. But I've realised that I can't really stray from what is my marker.
I'm able to provide for my family and the people that I love with things that I never used to be able to. I'm getting to make music and work with amazing people. I just feel really lucky.
I think that's what I love about jazz is that you can do what you want, and you're allowed to mess up.
I love hats and winter is the perfect time for them. I love winter time fashion.
I think this industry can be tough on everyone. You have to surround yourself with supportive people and know when to put your foot down and do what's best for you and your family. The first few years in the music industry can be a steep learning curve, and I've definitely developed a thicker skin!
If you are going to survive in business, show business or any business, then you have to be bold.
I'm not very good at business. I'm more of a creative, fun-loving hippie type.
I do think that when you get older, you kind of learn not to judge because you realise that no one's perfect, and we're all fighting our own private demons.
I like listening to old soul music. I like Sam Cooke. When I was growing up, the first things I was listening to was Whitney Houston and Cher. They were really big inspirations for me.
I am lucky in that I love what I do, but it can still be hard to be away from the kids for long lengths of time. At the end of the day, all I want is to be with my kids, but it's worth it to create a future for my family.
I think being a mum gives you extra qualities. I'm more feisty, fiercely protective and less selfish. The main trait I want to instill in my kids is kindness. I think it's the most important thing. If you're kind, you'll go a long way.
I absolutely love Nicole Scherzinger. She's worked really hard to get to where she is and really knows her stuff.
When I was on the X-Factor, I found that I grew a lot as a performer. I knew I could sing but I didn't believe in myself enough... I needed to hear that I was good.
I don't tend to lie. If I do, it's a little one. Like, 'I'm only around the corner...' when really I'm 10 minutes away.
I don't really read books. Wish I did.
I like to write poetry.
People think that because of my nature and the tone of my voice that I'm stupid, and that's hard.
I'm not afraid of a rant, am I? I've got to that point where I've just become a woman; I think I've just grown.
My first album is a lot of my personal experiences. I wanted people to relate to what I've been through.
I'm a better writer than I am a singer, and I express myself easily through writing.
I'm not on the stage going, 'Look at me! I'm amazing!' I accept my vulnerability, don't pretend I'm something I'm not. I don't want to come across as fake.
It's sad really, I think 'Freedom' would've done better, but it got shelved because of the pregnancy, so it might be something that might get revisited in the future; who knows?
I'm quite good at knowing, 'This isn't right for me,' or, 'That person will be really good at singing that.'
I think jazz has given me freedom with my voice.
When you're recording classic songs, you've got to kind of make them your own, and you can't always worry about what people are going to think.
That's what I've tried to do: I've tried to make music that I really love.
When I first studied Billie Holiday's life story years ago, I admit that I was quite judgmental.
Some people won't like me; that's just human nature. I battled with that for years, trying to please people, but now I haven't got time to win people over! I've got nappies to change!
There's this culture where we celebrate people snapping back into shape a week after the birth, but I don't want to be one of those people - I just want to enjoy Arabella.
Women's bodies are amazing; what our bodies can do is incredible, so it's sad that we get distracted - all this stuff about being skinny, be this, be that - they're all distractions.
I remember sitting on a bench in New York and sobbing and realising that my ambition to be a singer was making me selfish - I was a mother with two children, and I needed a backup plan.
I believe things are meant to be. It's the only way I can explain it because I had auditioned before to get on 'The X Factor' and 'Britain's Got Talent,' and I didn't get through - it was literally, 'No!'
My mum is a lovely woman, so strong but so kind and compassionate. She brought us up to be proud, loving and forgiving.
What I hated then - and hate now - is the way that people say to girls like me who get pregnant young that it ruins your life. Having a child doesn't ruin your life - having a child is a blessing.
I came from nothing. We didn't have money, so I started work at 14 because I really needed the money.
Work made me more streetwise because you can be so sheltered at home. I'd definitely encourage my kids Lillie and Karl, who are nine and seven, to get Saturday jobs in the future.
After 'X Factor,' I got loads of gigs. Then I went on holiday just after the tour and bought my Rolex in Tenerife. I needed to go through that phase - splurge and see that it's worthless - to get it out of my system.
My nan taught me never to put value on possessions but to value family, friends and people. I buy lovely things and enjoy them, but they don't rule me.
What I loved with Billie Holiday is she had a good way of parlaying the sorrow with a positive musical twist.
My first-ever date on my first tour, the sound completely cut out. So I had to go on and just shout loudly to the audience.
I've been hugely inspired by the songwriting of Lauryn Hill and Tracy Chapman - on their albums, they really tell it like it is.
I love a good remix! Moto Blanco did a great one of 'I Hope'.
I think there's definitely a dance album or at least single in me somewhere. I would want to work with a really cool Ibiza DJ, though.
I like Sam Bailey - she's got a huge voice.
I'd gone from being a mum to all of a sudden having people fussing and overly pampering me. It can easily change you.
The aim for me is to have a long career. I've got a couple of kids, and so I can't really be a fashion because I have to sustain a life for my children.
For me, it's not about quick grabs and quick sales; it's about having a sound that will last and sustain.
I feel like people are just waiting for me to fail, so I have to be careful what decisions I make in my career.
If I got married one day and settled down, I would love to have more children.
I want to go out with my friends and have a laugh. It's funny: you always attract men when you don't want them - you'll go out, and they'll want your number, while you're left thinking, 'Where were you when I wanted a boyfriend?'
There's certain people that do pop well. Beyonce's one of them, Rihanna, Rita Ora, I could go on and on. You've got to recognise what your talent and niche is.
I do love dance music, but at the same time, I'm not looking to put out a big pop album. You've got to be the best you can be.
I think, even in society, people get so caught up in how they look. I think I let that go, and I've learnt to not care.
Sometimes I won't put a lot of make up on; I won't put foundation on. I'll just pop a bit of blusher on. I'm not obsessed with trying to look like a Victoria's Secret model - it's real life.
