British,Actor
If you rile a tiger, he's going to show his claws.
People identify with being heartbroken. We've all been heartbroken, haven't we? I've been dumped, and it feels horrible.
My mom and dad put my brother and sister through university and they were very keen for us to have an academic background just to give us a chance.
Beverly Hills is too intimidating. Everyone's got lovely teeth, so you don't want to smile. Everyone's ripped, so you start working out at 4 in the morning and eating egg white omelets.
Sometimes people can be guilty of not working at relationships and if it's not working, oof, that's it.
Most actors will tell you that villains are the most interesting to play.
It's hard being gay in Edwardian times.
You don't buy evil characters lattes. That's not normal behavior.
There's definitely a wave of Brits doing great work on American television, and I wouldn't mind being one of them!
I think because of my background - I went through university and did an academic career and fell into acting - I've never had a game plan for my career because I got into it quite ad hoc.
America does not like people being not nice to dogs.
If I had a comfort blanket, I wouldn't have been as passionate and driven.
I'm a working class lad. So at 25, and with no-one in our family having any theatrical inclination, when I said, 'I'm going to scratch all that and become an actor,' I may as well have said I was going to be a Premiership footballer for the chance I'd have.
When people accuse me of being really posh, I think, 'Hang on a minute - no, I'm not!'
Obviously, I play a villain in 'Downton Abbey'. As an actor, you want to get a variety of roles, so to be offered the part of Joe, it was perfect.
I went to Huddersfield University Business School. That's where I learned my trade.
My dad doesn't watch 'Coronation Street.' But my mum is a massive fan. I'd like to think my dad will watch it for a few token episodes, as I'm in it.
Being in 'Coronation Street' is only going to make me a better actor.
My girlfriend is a great support, and I've got a big circle of mates who keep my feet on the ground.
The reason I'm an actor and am trying to make my way in drama is to move people, to affect people, to gain a response - so these people who come up to you in the street are your audience.
Particularly with internships, you have to work for a year with no money. How on Earth are you going to finance that?
Because you've done the horrible jobs, it gives you an even grittier determination to succeed.
Before 'Coronation Street,' I was a jobbing actor, and after it, I'm a jobbing actor again.
If you're going to kiss a man, let it be a beautiful man like Ed Speleers.
You know if something is good because you remember the lines because it is written so well. The rhythm of the speech is spot on.
Working on 'Downton Abbey' is amazing, but there's an ensemble cast of between 18 and 21 actors. With 'Love Life,' there are two couples and a few other key characters. As a smaller unit, you've got to take more responsibility - at the same time, you can have more ownership of the direction it's going in.
