British,Novelist
If one tries to think about history, it seems to me - it's like looking at a range of mountains. And the first time you see them, they look one way. But then time changes, the pattern of light shifts. Maybe you've moved slightly, your perspective has changed. The mountains are the same, but they look very different.
To tell a good story and to illuminate the world: the two things are completely linked. That is the point. That is what I've always wanted to do.
Social mores change all the time. In the mid-1970s, it would've been astonishing, say, to see two men holding hands in the streets. And the attitude to having a fling with a girl, or whatever, was quite different then.
We live in an age of great jitteriness in the financial markets. And there's no doubt at all, I think, that the volume of computer-traded stocks has helped contribute to that.
If you go back, 'The Great Gatsby' would be a portrait of the rich and fortune made by business.
You find out what you think by talking to yourself.
Storytelling has a narcotic power.
The true currency of life is time, not money, and we've all got a limited stock of that.
Working 14 hours a day until you're 55 and missing your kids growing up is not what I would consider a recipe for happiness.
I am sure future historians will say the biggest and most astonishing change in politics has been the embracing of all the tenets of Thatcherism by the party of Keir Hardie: trade union legislation, Europe, the replacement of Trident, 10 per cent tax for people who have made millions from their companies.
For me, as I suspect for most people, there comes a point where you have enough. If you've got £20 million, why keep going until you've got £100 million or £1,000 million? Does anyone need another vast yacht or private jet or a house full of gold?
Writers of fiction should stick to writing, not pop up on panel shows or as a talking head.
You can't ever win the war on crime, or the war on terror. You can't repeal human nature.
My father left school at 14, my mother at 13. My father was clever and well-read. He took a newspaper, always watched the news, discussed it all the time.
It's when you've stopped writing and are doing other things, especially when you're asleep, that the real work is done.
First comes an idea. Then, characters begin to evolve out of the landscape of that idea. And then, finally, characters dominate: plot is simply a function of what these people might do or be. Everything has to flow from their personalities; otherwise it will not be emotionally engaging, or plausible.
My greatest regret as a writer is that I've never been able to include as many jokes as I'd like.
One gains a double benefit in writing about the past, conjuring up how things might have been, and at the same time acquiring a different perspective on the present.
Within reason, I can write what I like and spend as long doing it as is necessary. That is a luxury beyond price.
I think that whenever a nation feels itself to be at is zenith, it starts to feel a creeping sense of anxiety.
History is what we bring to it, not just the events themselves, but how we interpret those events.
The financial world is at the cutting edge of high technology.
I write as well as I can. I'm a journalist at heart, so it's the story that matters.
I used to love politics. I can't say I do any more. All the fun has gone out of it. Each side is engaged in this trench warfare of managerialism. They're all too scared to say anything that might make them appear something other than completely bland.
Everyone thinks politics will just go on the way it is. I don't agree.
In a way I'm almost more rueful about the notion of having a non-ideological Labour party than I am about the personality of Tony Blair.
