British,Director
I think movies are a director's medium in the end. Theater is the actor's medium. Theater is fast, and enjoyable, and truly rewarding. I believe in great live performance.
Shooting action is very, very meticulous, it's increments, tiny little pieces.
It took me a long time to film the plastic bag, and then I had to get the cut of the scene right. But if you find it as beautiful as the character does, then suddenly it becomes a different movie, and so did he as a character.
I want to inspire, and be inspired.
All I know is that I operate by going out to each of them and trying to learn the territory in which they operate. My language to each of them has to suit their brain.
The movies that influenced me were movies that told their stories through pictures more than words.
One of the reasons I loved working with Tom is people feel they know who he is... I think working with an actor who the audience already has a relationship with actually helps you in a film like this.
For me, certain shots or scenes are keys in the movie.
It's a risk casting anyone against type or what they're known to do. But there's one thing better than having a great actor, which is having a great actor who's never done what you're asking him to do. He's hungry to get out of the trailer every day and hungry to test himself.
Actors get pigeonholed very quickly, particularly movie actors. In the theater, one is more used to casting people against type and trusting that their talent and skill will get them through.
One movie is only one movie. I want to have a lifetime of making films.
I want to try and work in different genres with different types of actors, on small movies and big movies.
I deliberately, in a way, went for something that was a huge challenge and was a big period film. I was excited about the canvas on which I could tell the story as much as the story itself.
The characters are trapped within the lifestyle. It's about what goes on before the movie starts.
I don't think good and evil are polarized.
The perceived wisdom is that people do not go in large numbers to black-and-white movies anymore - which is a great shame, but I'd love to make a black-and-white movie one day.
When I drive through a field, I want to see green grass sometimes, and I don't want to see black and white.
If you lived through the shooting of Jaws, you can live through anything.
You've got to believe as a filmmaker that if a movie's good enough, it's going to survive; and if it's not, well, it won't.
I don't think of it as a competition - which might surprise you, given the way movies are reported constantly.
You're in the lap of the gods. If people go, they go, and if they don't.
You think about taking audiences on a journey.
You freeze with the number of opportunities given to you and just decide to do nothing at all.
I wanted to keep exploring... I'm not about to choose a series of movies in which I can use the same bag of tricks and style that I used in the first film.
You've got to work. You've got to want an audience to sit forward in their chairs sometimes, rather than sit back and be bombarded with images.
There's good and bad in everybody. I wasn't looking for the good, or looking for the bad. This is a man who signed his pact with the devil 20 years ago, and he's learned to live with it. He's tried to protect his family from it.
