British,Actress
What you don't see backstage is what really controls the show.
When we went to Belfast we saw some beautiful countryside and coastlines.
I love photography. My boyfriend's got a great camera, which I bought for his birthday.
I found it a little bit stressful, because I wasn't used to working with Doctor Who. I got the impression I'd walked into the end of seven years and it was all a bit tense.
We had a very energetic floor manager and he was always jumping around all over the place. The director would send down messages like, Can you tell that actor to calm down?
I don't know if you've ever tried writing a Doctor Who story, but it's a lot more difficult than it initially appears, especially if you've got more than one assistant.
I like the stories with the historical themes.
I thought The Visitation was good fun. We did some of that filming at Ealing on the big set.
I'm not really a science-fiction fan, I quite like the idea of getting away from the science-fiction side of it, for two episodes. It was lovely, it was a super story and great fun.
The cybermen are good monsters, I think. My earliest memories are of the cybermen from when I used to watch when I was younger. It's nice to have them back.
There are generations who watch Doctor Who together.
I got very fit that week with all the running around that we di. I was always last, because I can't run as fast as everyone else. I'm useless at running.
I think I must have too much to eat, we were doing a scene where we were crawling, and I ripped my trousers. I was very embarrassed. I was sown in, stitched in, quickly!
After two years of doing one show, you do get attached to everyone.
I don't think I would have stayed for the second season if I hadn't been happy.
I enjoyed working with Peter, I was very pleased when I heard he was going to be the Doctor.
I went to ballet school for nine years, and there was an agent for the whole school who happened to be there visiting one of the performances. She suggested an audition.
Playing an alien gave me plenty of scope, and I was able to develop it once I became a member of the team.
Doctor Who is like any long-running series in that the cast tend to look to the star to set the general tone. Rehearsals and filming could be a lot of fun.
One of my favorite stories was Black Orchid, because it was so different from all the others. I especially enjoyed dancing the Charleston. I have always been keen on dancing.
In the studio, if they need to come down to the floor, things are a bit pushy, although it is easier for them to say things directly rather than through about five people.
Strikes always leave a bad taste with everyone.
I enjoyed showing a bit more leg in the last few stories. It was good fun, but it can be quite sexist. But it doesn't worry me personally all that much.
I'm a terrible person for carrying things around. I carry everything around with me, it's like my home.
I often look at a lot of Doctor Who stuff that's about now, which no one has approached me about.
Some of those cartoons look nothing like me.
