British,Musician
This is what I am. I have periods of enormous self-destructive depression, where I go completely off my trolley and lose all sight of reality and reason.
No stranger ever comes up and talks to me. I'm the invisible woman.
There's a lot of rage... you have to express it somehow. If I didn't express it in song, I'd become incredibly violent.
I've always been an outsider; a displaced person.
Most of my life I've had long periods of feeling down and lost. That's why every five years or so I've smashed my life to pieces and started again.
I just can't seem to write songs about peace and love. Yeah right, how do you get that?
I watched my mother waste her life on housework and swore I'd never do that. Dave does the cooking.
When do you know you're insane? And when do you known you're sane? I think I treat a fine line between the two. It's a battle to function, but somehow I manage.
I'm a hopeless mother; a hopeless wife; I have to try harder. I'm just a pathetic case history, really.
I come from the home-grown punk ethic, where it doesn't matter if you can't play a note, it's how you communicate.
I have this massive love for the whole culture of pop music. It's my fascination, my ongoing passion.
I really, really love music. I'm affected by it and uplifted by it, and made to laugh and cry, and almost fall in love with the person who has made me feel so brilliant and communicated so profoundly to me.
If you suffer from depression, anything that makes you feel has to the most important thing in your life, because it's the only thing that can save you.
I never belonged anywhere. I just felt like a creature from another planet.
Pop music allows you to be who you are without having to wear a social uniform or to conform, which some people find impossible to do.
The ultimate revenge is being on Top Of The Pops.
I'm still grappling with all the things most people resolve by the time they're 35. Maybe that's why I make music that is relevant to young people. I'm emotionally stuck at the age of 13.
We were signed to a label that wanted us to remain little girls who appealed to other little girls, who were cute and non-threatening.
It's tragic when people think feminism is a dirty word.
I've always craved to belong to somewhere, but I never have and never will.
Being a woman is really crap.
Music is a gut thing. You're working in a medium which is more in touch with the primal than the modern. A gig is a ritual. There's a congregation.
Depression scares people off. It makes me laugh that it has that kind of effect.
You put something you like on really loud, and you feel godlike.
I'm absolutely obsessed with The Jesus And Mary Chain and Patti Smith, but I'm a massive pop fan. I love pop culture, It's a total reflection of the zeitgeist.
I absolutely hate Take That, East 17, the Spice Girls.
