British,Actress
'If you believe, you can achieve' - that's my motto!
To me, bravery is to stand up for what you believe in.
Every audition that I walk out of where I think I nailed it, I never get that job, ever.
I'm an unlucky charm... don't go anywhere with me.
There are no black and white, good or bad characters in 'Game Of Thrones,' but Joffrey was an exception. Just pure evil.
Courtesy is a lady's armor.
I learn something new everyday about myself as an actor, my capabilities, how far I can stretch myself, throw out emotions I never knew I had.
I don't get any dates; that's the thing.
I think that you form the way that you act from others around you; it's a kind of an environmental thing.
My whole adolescence has been on 'Game of Thrones;' I don't know what I'm going to do without it.
My character from 'Panda Eyes,' Fay, is the character I see myself in a lot.
Some days I want to look like a hipster kid, and then other days I want to be prim and proper. I really wish I had, like, seven lives so I could go from being a hipster one day to a punk the next. But that's the great thing about fashion. In a way, it's like acting, because you can try on all these different roles.
Obviously I've had crushes, and I've tried to make things work with people, but it doesn't when you're away so much. I like to think, 'Don't go looking for it; it'll happen when it wants to happen.'
Once every lunar eclipse, you should be able to see me smile!
I found it really difficult when teachers talked down to me.
I will be able to look back on my teen years as spent on a television set just having the biggest bunch of fun.
Growing up, I always wanted a dog, but my parents never wanted one.
A lot of fans that recognize me go, 'I kind of hate you,' and I'm all, 'Cool, well, you've just made this sufficiently awkward.'
You don't want to be innocent in the world of 'Game of Thrones.'
Listen - and I don't care who knows it - I'm a Belieber!
I don't think that the status of a show, big or small, should affect a person's performance.
I don't really have a process. I'm very much an in-the-moment actress. I suppose I just kind of wing it because I feel that as long as I know my character, I should be able to be spontaneous on set.
It's quite nice coming off doing a dark, upsetting scene. It's a relief that that's over with, and then you can get back to happy old Sophie.
Ghostly things don't really scare me, but they really intrigue me.
The one fiction show I watch is 'Hannibal.' I love it!
You've got to be happy when you play a sad character; otherwise, you just get depressed. Make your real life as fun as possible.
