British,Architect
Land is the secure ground of home, the sea is like life, the outside, the unknown.
Good buildings come from good people, and all problems are solved by good design.
The Industrial Revolution was another of those extraordinary jumps forward in the story of civilization.
The frame of the cave leads to the frame of man.
The interior of the house personifies the private world; the exterior of it is part of the outside world.
The center of Western culture is Greece, and we have never lost our ties with the architectural concepts of that ancient civilization.
The greater the step forward in knowledge, the greater is the one taken backward in search of wisdom.
The garden, by design, is concerned with both the interior and the land beyond the garden.
The mystery is what prompted men to leave caves, to come out of the womb of nature.
The exterior cannot do without the interior since it is from this, as from life, that it derives much of its inspiration and character.
Houses mean a creation, something new, a shelter freed from the idea of a cave.
The Romans used every housing form known today and they have a remarkably modern look.
The American order reveals a method that was largely the outcome of material necessity, as exemplified by the Colonial style and the grid.
French architecture always manages to combine the most magnificent underlying themes of architecture; like Roman design, it looks to the community.
Human requirements are the inspiration for art.
What people want, above all, is order.
The ancient Greeks noticed that a man with arms and legs extended described a circle, with his navel as the center.
Up until the War of the Roses there had been continual conflict in England.
In cities like Athens, poor houses lined narrow and tortuous streets in spite of luxurious public buildings.
The English light is so very subtle, so very soft and misty, that the architecture responded with great delicacy of detail.
Victorian architecture in the United States was copied straight from England.
Until we perceive the meaning of our past, we remain the mere carriers of ideas, like the Nomads.
The medieval hall house was very primitive when it became the characteristic form of dwelling of the landowner of the Middle Ages.
The mandala describes balance. This is so whatever the pictorial form.
The logic of Palladian architecture presented an aesthetic formula which could be applied universally.
The largest and most influential houses chiefly demonstrate the aloofness of the French approach.
