British,Musician
I can't really change my life to accommodate people who are jealous. I don't see why I should.
When the world is running down, you make the best of what's still around.
Love is stronger than justice.
One of the rewards of success is freedom, the ability to do whatever you like.
It takes a man to suffer ignorance and smile.
The acceptance of death gives you more of a stake in life, in living life happily, as it should be lived. Living for the moment.
I do my best work when I am in pain and turmoil.
An uncle of mine emigrated to Canada and couldn't take his guitar with him. When I found it in the attic, I'd found a friend for life.
I hate most of what constitutes rock music, which is basically middle-aged crap.
I've spent a bit of time with the Prince of Wales, who I respect greatly. I'd give two cheers for the Monarchy.
I see music as one language. If one musical form eats its own tail, it dies. So it needs to be a mongrel, it needs to be hybridised.
Yoga is almost like music in a way; there's no end to it.
I'm not speaking as someone who has reached satori or anything else. I'm a student.
I can't fly a flag for monogamy or whatever the opposite is; it depends on the person and on the situation.
I've never lost perspective on who I am. Well, maybe briefly, but generally I'm pretty balanced.
Intellectually I'm probably a Republican.
There's no religion but sex and music.
I feel this music has nurtured me as I've been immersing myself in it. I've felt supported by it.
The more irrational of us are worried about the millennium ending - as if a date would really matter.
I see songs not as a commodity used up when the album goes off the charts, which is often the case with pop songs. I see them as a body of work. Life should be breathed into them.
I have been through various fitness regimes. I used to run about five miles a day and I did aerobics for a while.
I think love has something to do with allowing a person you claim to love to enter a larger arena than the one you create for them.
I want to get old gracefully. I want to have good posture, I want to be healthy and be an example to my children.
Success always necessitates a degree of ruthlessness. Given the choice of friendship or success, I'd probably choose success.
I exist in a state of almost perpetual hysteria.
I've only paid lip service to a spiritual life.
Peter Townshend shows us it's all right to grow up. There is dignity after rock'n'roll.
That sense of failure, I don't know where people put it who don't write songs and aren't able to emote physically. It must go somewhere.
The deeper you get into Yoga you realize it is a spiritual practice. It's a journey I'm making. I'm heading that way.
The logical process will often be the safe one. I tend, when I'm given that choice, to go the way that's not safe.
The Super Bowl is Americana at its most kitsch and fun.
Yoga introduced me to a style of meditation. The only meditation I would have done before would be in the writing of songs.
I realize that nothing's as it seems.
