British,Actress
You need a good, healthy diet - it's about finding out what your body needs. Sugar is a disaster for skin, as is white flour.
I'm always angry. I wake up angry. There is a lot to be angry about. Anger is a positive energy.
Having children is life-changing, to state the obvious. It's a gigantic shift in your life and I welcomed it.
Then I became a mother and it just fills every space, that isn't filled with something else important. It's just like this incredible balloon that blows up and fills life up.
I think when girls hear Beyonce, it makes them move and want to lift their arms up and be strong, be powerful. She puts this energy of positivity out there, which is good for people's souls. I think musicians are kind of like shamans: they're bringing the vibrations of a more spiritual state.
I never understood the point of juicing - I always thought I could get enough nutrients from eating fruit and vegetables - but now I'm a convert.
We have all the power. Us consumers have all the power, and if we can show that, 'Hey, I want transparency,' Hey, I want something that's going to be nutritious and great,' then suddenly, kale will be all over the marketplace, and turmeric will be all over the marketplace.
I use the film industry as a pleasure for work and that kind of thing and it's not a pursuit to make me feel happy in my life.
I don't put the pressure on myself to be a very successful movie star. I want to enjoy being an actor and I want to be challenged by the roles I take.
When I am out and about I feel watched. It's become second nature. The only time I get to be private is in my work. That is when I liberate the ego. The blessed-out sensation of liberating the ego.
I can hardly find the words to describe the peace I felt when I was acting. My dysfunctional self could actually plug in to another self, not my own, and it felt so good.
If we're all living in ourselves and mistaking it for life, then we're devaluing and desensitizing life.
I see a wiser person than when I was younger: having babies, and passing 30, were the turning points. What women in their 40s - I am 39 - lack in gorgeousness, they make up for in wisdom. I love ageing, despite the drawbacks - thinner, drier skin.
If I could change my appearance, I would have the gap between my front teeth put back in.
I'd love to do yoga every day. I don't usually have time, but a few sun salutations go a long way.
I'm good at playing the emotionally strangled person. The woman who is in the worst place in her life. That's me!
I actually see a lot of the pain and destruction, like Black Lives Matter, in the long-term as positive because it shows that we're moving forward; we're evolving and moving and challenging the frontiers.
We each have a self, but I don't think that we're born with one. You know how newborn babies believe they're part of everything; they're not separate? Well that fundamental sense of oneness is lost on us very quickly. It's like that initial stage is over - oneness: infancy, unformed, primitive. It's no longer valid or real.
I grew up on the coast of England in the '70s. My dad is white from Cornwall, and my mom is black from Zimbabwe. Even the idea of us as a family was challenging to most people.
I was the black atheist kid in the all-white Catholic school run by nuns.
I can hardly find the words to describe the peace I felt when I was acting. My dysfunctional self could actually plug in to another self, not my own, and it felt so good. It was the first time that I existed inside a fully-functioning self - one that I controlled, that I steered, that I gave life to.
I guess patriarchal stereotypes have, as is true for most people, created painful moments in my life. As a result, I'm an activist. I'm for women's rights, children's rights, human rights, animal rights. I want to be part of the solutions to try to correct imbalance. And 'Westworld,' for me, is that.
We're in this amazing frontier of transparency. WikiLeaks. Edward Snowden. 'Westworld' is reflecting that with these robots gaining consciousness. Them coming into consciousness is almost like us, human beings, coming into the truth of the fact that government is corrupt. Police are corrupt. Banks are corrupt. Etcetera, etcetera.
I'm not being cynical, but I have to find work that is allowing me to pay bills and keep our lives going in a way that we're used to and trying not to betray my political beliefs while I'm doing it. Listen, it's a tough thing to do.
I was absolutely blown away when I first talked to Lisa Joy and Jonah Nolan at how ambitious they wanted 'Westworld' to be in looking at the drives that are leading human beings over the cliff of existence.
We're all the same, and we all want the same thing. We all want to be secure. We all want food on the table. We want to know that our kids aren't going to be destroyed when they're not with us. We all want the same things, and if we've been hurt in our childhoods, we try and recreate the same hurt.
