British,Poet
And how can man die better than facing fearful odds, for the ashes of his fathers, and the temples of his Gods?
The best portraits are those in which there is a slight mixture of caricature.
He was a rake among scholars, and a scholar among rakes.
I would rather be poor in a cottage full of books than a king without the desire to read.
The measure of a man's real character is what he would do if he knew he would never be found out.
The object of oratory alone in not truth, but persuasion.
Nothing except the mint can make money without advertising.
The puritan hated bear baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but because it gave pleasure to the spectators.
The gallery in which the reporters sit has become a fourth estate of the realm.
A good constitution is infinitely better than the best despot.
American democracy must be a failure because it places the supreme authority in the hands of the poorest and most ignorant part of the society.
The English Bible - a book which, if everything else in our language should perish, would alone suffice to show the whole extent of its beauty and power.
Men are never so likely to settle a question rightly as when they discuss it freely.
Turn where we may, within, around, the voice of great events is proclaiming to us, Reform, that you may preserve!
The effect of violent dislike between groups has always created an indifference to the welfare and honor of the state.
There were gentlemen and there were seamen in the navy of Charles the Second. But the seamen were not gentlemen; and the gentlemen were not seamen.
A single breaker may recede; but the tide is evidently coming in.
Nothing is so useless as a general maxim.
Many politicians are in the habit of laying it down as a self-evident proposition that no people ought to be free till they are fit to use their freedom. The maxim is worthy of the fool in the old story who resolved not to go into the water till he had learned to swim.
He had a wonderful talent for packing thought close, and rendering it portable.
Such night in England ne'er had been, nor ne'er again shall be.
Reform, that we may preserve.
Nothing is so galling to a people not broken in from the birth as a paternal, or, in other words, a meddling government, a government which tells them what to read, and say, and eat, and drink and wear.
We know no spectacle so ridiculous as the British public in one of its periodical fits of morality.
Few of the many wise apothegms which have been uttered have prevented a single foolish action.
The knowledge of the theory of logic has no tendency whatever to make men good reasoners.
