British,Director
GM is a highly collaborative organization; we rely on a whole tier of suppliers for everything that we do.
If you look at my body of work, there's always a dark side to my characters. They've always got a skeleton in the closet; they've always got a subtext.
New York is vertical - all skyscrapers.
We think of enterprise architecture as the process we use for fully describing and mapping business functionality and business requirements and relating them to information systems requirements.
We don't ever want IT to be the thing that holds GM back.
The world is sick of big IT things that don't work.
Out of the total of 11 movies, I got slammed.
I thought that subtitles are boring because they're there generally to serve us with information to make you understand what people are saying in a different language.
A lot of actors talk about doing their homework, but very few of them do it.
I have a short attention span.
All my movies, like Revenge, are under two hours.
I make a movie because it's something that inspires me.
There's one great script that hit my desk that I didn't change at all, and that was True Romance.
I think we're lucky because there are very few people in life who get to do what we're doing.
Ridley and I talk every day. Our family is very close because we're from North England.
We come from a tough, working class background, so we're very tight.
Dad was a very gentle, sweet man.
Mum was the matriarch and the patriarch of the family.
The biggest edge I live on is directing. That's the most scary, dangerous thing you can do in your life.
The scariest thing in my life is the first morning of production on all my movies. It's the fear of failing, the loss of face, and a sense of guilt that everybody puts their faith in you and not coming through.
I like changing the pace of my life, changing my discipline. It gives me ideas for how to see the world differently.
Dad was a very gentle, sweet man. Mum was the matriarch and the patriarch of the family. She ran the roost with a steel fist, but at the same time there was respect and love for her.
We had a brilliant upbringing, and we never wanted for anything, even though we went through highs and lows of finances.
Dad never understood why Ridley wanted to go to art school, and then I came along six years later and wanted to do the same thing.
What always leads me in terms of my movies are characters.
The true excitement comes from the actors - that gives you the true drama - and whatever I can do with the camera, that's icing on the cake.
