British,Politician
Governments that block the aspirations of their people, that steal or are corrupt, that oppress and torture or that deny freedom of expression and human rights should bear in mind that they will find it increasingly hard to escape the judgement of their own people, or where warranted, the reach of international law.
There's only one growth strategy: work hard.
Let's not be afraid to speak the common sense truth: you can't have high standards without good discipline.
I don't think my principles change. I think the way in which you apply those principles to modern society changes.
The Bill of Rights was intended to secure freedom of speech - the freedom of speech of members of parliament to speak freely rather than be at threat of... the threat of an over powerful monarch at the time.
When a Cabinet Minister who is sacked for telling lies is re-appointed, in the face of every constitutional convention, only for the same man to be sacked again from the same Cabinet for the same offence by the same Prime Minister no wonder the public are cynical about politics.
Inspiring scenes of people taking the future of their countries into their own hands will ignite greater demands for good governance and political reform elsewhere in the world, including in Asia and in Africa.
It's not too late to stop the Lisbon Treaty.
To the teacher weighed down with paperwork, I say: you've been messed around too often. You came into teaching to spend your time teaching children not filling in forms.
We are making progress militarily, there is no doubt about that. You've seen the reports from Misrata, although reports of the Gaddafi forces completely pulling out of Misrata seem to be exaggerated.
If there's one thing above all that sets me apart from Tony Blair it is this - I am not embarrassed to articulate the instincts of the British people.
I think the way things have been left after Iraq is that people won't believe the Government of the day, so they have to know that lessons have been learnt and that all political parties and people, whether they were for or against the invasion of Iraq, have learnt lessons.
Egypt is a sovereign nation.
Ambition is best tempered with self-knowledge!
We have to face the reality of climate change. It is arguably the biggest threat we are facing today.
The world is not going into concentric blocs of power. It is actually going into a diffusion of power with more centres of decision-making than ever in human civilisation. That requires you to place yourself in far more hubs of power than ever before.
The total economy of Latin America is bigger than China.
Wouldn't it be better to have a watertight law designed to catch the guilty, rather than a press release law designed to catch the headlines?
Unless there is meaningful change in Syria and an end to the crackdown, President Assad and those around him will find themselves isolated internationally and discredited within Syria.
The appalling crackdown that we witnessed in Hama and other Syrian cities on 30 and 31 July only erode the regime's legitimacy and increase resentment. In the absence of an end to the senseless violence and a genuine process of political reform, we will continue to pursue further EU sanctions.
Today further EU targeted sanctions on Syria come into force. The message is clear and unambiguous: those responsible for the repression will be singled out and held accountable.
You have to have as many defences in place as you possibly can. But even then of course - and it's important to stress this - you cannot guarantee being able to prevent every attack or every kind of attack.
Remember the No campaign is Conservative people, Labour people, people of no party.
I'm not, nor is anybody I know in government part of a nasty right wing clique.
We are not directly involved in Syria. But we will be working with our partners in the European Union and at the United Nations to see if we can persuade the Syrian authorities to go, as I say, more in that direction of respect for democracy and human rights.
Time is not on Gaddafi's side. People ask about the exit strategy. It's Colonel Gaddafi who needs an exit strategy because this pressure will only mount and it will be intensified over the coming days and weeks.
I still agree with the invasion of Iraq. I don't agree with most of the decisions that accompanied it.
The British retreat is over and now the advance will begin.
The message I take all round the world is Britain is open for business.
In my view what you can't argue for is a system that is neither decisive nor proportional and can be indecisive and disproportionate at the same time.
I don't think a wise thing at this moment is for Israel to launch a military attack on Iran.
Britain does not normally these days play a huge part in peacekeeping.
The EU should be concentrated on adapting to globalisation and global competitiveness, not building more powerful centralised institutions in Brussels.
It's necessary for Israelis and Palestinians to make the compromises that are required to get the direct talks back on track.
It's really necessary for the United States to continue to give strong leadership to the Middle East peace process, supported by European countries at the same time.
I've always been opposed myself to prisoners having the vote.
If some of the people who write about mojo came with me for a week, they would drop dead on their feet.
Where defining foreign policy as 'ethical' went wrong was that it implied that all decisions would be exclusive in every respect of any dealings with unethical regimes.
I have always thought that foreign-policy idealism has to be tempered with realism.
You do have to do business with and to try to influence people you don't agree with, or find disagreeable, so it's important to stress that balance.
I don't deny that there are problems in the intelligence world, but I would argue that in the UK we try to uphold the highest standards in the world.
It must be quite rare for an interviewer to be interviewed.
People feel that in too many ways the EU is something that is done to them, not something over which they have a say.
People feel that the EU is a one-way process, a great machine that sucks up decision-making from national parliaments to the European level until everything is decided by the EU. That needs to change.
We hope that the long darkness through which the Burmese people have lived may now be coming to an end.
I believe we should reframe our response to climate change as an imperative for growth rather than merely being a way of being green or meeting environmental commitments.
The low carbon economy is at the leading edge of a structural shift now taking place globally.
Iran's continued, widespread persecution of ethnic minorities, human rights defenders and political prisoners is a disgrace and stands as a shameful indictment of Iran's leaders.
You can gain in your effectiveness as a politician from a wide acquaintance with the world and from a degree of independence that having some outside interests gives.
For the security of the UK, it matters a lot for Somalia to become a more stable place.
Whatever happens in Mogadishu, in Somalia, will happen in Great Britain. We have interlocking interests.
As far as I'm aware, everybody in the shadow cabinet accepts that there's a compelling case on climate change and a strong scientific case.
There is no budget for travel for a Shadow Foreign Secretary.
Someone once claimed I was not really a Yorkshireman!
I have found that I get a better reaction from people once I am less bothered about their reaction.
Well, if you're looking for me to lead a normal representative life, well good luck finding a foreign secretary who'd be like that - totally dependant on the political system and has never earned any money. Then you'll get the politicians you deserve.
Yes, I've never inherited a penny!
I know people are fickle.
I described the euro as a burning building with no exits and so it has proved for some of the countries in it.
Turning away Turkey from the EU would be a great, long-term - a century-long - error by Europe.
