British,Statesman
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Never, never, never give up.
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
Socialism is a philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and the gospel of envy, its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery.
We shape our buildings; thereafter they shape us.
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.
We shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
Kites rise highest against the wind - not with it.
Without tradition, art is a flock of sheep without a shepherd. Without innovation, it is a corpse.
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.
Criticism may not be agreeable, but it is necessary. It fulfils the same function as pain in the human body. It calls attention to an unhealthy state of things.
This is no time for ease and comfort. It is time to dare and endure.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
The empires of the future are the empires of the mind.
We contend that for a nation to try to tax itself into prosperity is like a man standing in a bucket and trying to lift himself up by the handle.
The power of an air force is terrific when there is nothing to oppose it.
Never hold discussions with the monkey when the organ grinder is in the room.
My rule of life prescribed as an absolutely sacred rite smoking cigars and also the drinking of alcohol before, after and if need be during all meals and in the intervals between them.
Solitary trees, if they grow at all, grow strong.
I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else.
Russia is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.
We shall draw from the heart of suffering itself the means of inspiration and survival.
I never worry about action, but only inaction.
From Stettin in the Baltic to Trieste in the Adriatic, an iron curtain has descended across the Continent.
Sure I am of this, that you have only to endure to conquer.
It is a mistake to look too far ahead. Only one link of the chain of destiny can be handled at a time.
Never give in - never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense.
The first quality that is needed is audacity.
History is written by the victors.
Ending a sentence with a preposition is something up with which I will not put.
Study history, study history. In history lies all the secrets of statecraft.
I am prepared to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
One ought never to turn one's back on a threatened danger and try to run away from it. If you do that, you will double the danger. But if you meet it promptly and without flinching, you will reduce the danger by half. Never run away from anything. Never!
Want of foresight, unwillingness to act when action would be simple and effective, lack of clear thinking, confusion of counsel until the emergency comes, until self-preservation strikes its jarring gong - these are the features which constitute the endless repetition of history.
Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have.
We shall show mercy, but we shall not ask for it.
No crime is so great as daring to excel.
Play the game for more than you can afford to lose... only then will you learn the game.
Some people regard private enterprise as a predatory tiger to be shot. Others look on it as a cow they can milk. Not enough people see it as a healthy horse, pulling a sturdy wagon.
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
He has all of the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire.
The British nation is unique in this respect. They are the only people who like to be told how bad things are, who like to be told the worst.
To build may have to be the slow and laborious task of years. To destroy can be the thoughtless act of a single day.
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations.
When I am abroad, I always make it a rule never to criticize or attack the government of my own country. I make up for lost time when I come home.
No idea is so outlandish that it should not be considered with a searching but at the same time a steady eye.
We have always found the Irish a bit odd. They refuse to be English.
In the course of my life, I have often had to eat my words, and I must confess that I have always found it a wholesome diet.
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
I always seem to get inspiration and renewed vitality by contact with this great novel land of yours which sticks up out of the Atlantic.
We do not covet anything from any nation except their respect.
Before Alamein we never had a victory. After Alamein we never had a defeat.
The short words are best, and the old words are the best of all.
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat.
It is a fine thing to be honest, but it is also very important to be right.
Really I feel less keen about the Army every day. I think the Church would suit me better.
Politics is not a game. It is an earnest business.
Eating words has never given me indigestion.
When you have to kill a man, it costs nothing to be polite.
I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me.
We occasionally stumble over the truth but most of us pick ourselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
I am certainly not one of those who need to be prodded. In fact, if anything, I am the prod.
I cannot pretend to be impartial about the colours. I rejoice with the brilliant ones, and am genuinely sorry for the poor browns.
One does not leave a convivial party before closing time.
If Hitler invaded hell I would make at least a favourable reference to the devil in the House of Commons.
Great and good are seldom the same man.
We are all worms. But I believe that I am a glow-worm.
Everyone has his day and some days last longer than others.
Personally I'm always ready to learn, although I do not always like being taught.
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you can see.
The power of man has grown in every sphere, except over himself.
India is a geographical term. It is no more a united nation than the Equator.
War is a game that is played with a smile. If you can't smile, grin. If you can't grin, keep out of the way till you can.
When the war of the giants is over the wars of the pygmies will begin.
My wife and I tried two or three times in the last 40 years to have breakfast together, but it was so disagreeable we had to stop.
I am never going to have anything more to do with politics or politicians. When this war is over I shall confine myself entirely to writing and painting.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
Too often the strong, silent man is silent only because he does not know what to say, and is reputed strong only because he has remained silent.
It is more agreeable to have the power to give than to receive.
What kind of people do they think we are? Is it possible they do not realize that we shall never cease to persevere against them until they have been taught a lesson which they and the world will never forget?
Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.
Although prepared for martyrdom, I preferred that it be postponed.
I like a man who grins when he fights.
I always avoid prophesying beforehand, because it is a much better policy to prophesy after the event has already taken place.
A politician needs the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next week, next month, and next year. And to have the ability afterwards to explain why it didn't happen.
To jaw-jaw is always better than to war-war.
Nothing can be more abhorrent to democracy than to imprison a person or keep him in prison because he is unpopular. This is really the test of civilization.
Although personally I am quite content with existing explosives, I feel we must not stand in the path of improvement.
I'm just preparing my impromptu remarks.
I have never developed indigestion from eating my words.
In those days he was wiser than he is now; he used to frequently take my advice.
Those who can win a war well can rarely make a good peace and those who could make a good peace would never have won the war.
A state of society where men may not speak their minds cannot long endure.
If it weren't for painting, I wouldn't live; I couldn't bear the extra strain of things.
It was the nation and the race dwelling all round the globe that had the lion's heart. I had the luck to be called upon to give the roar.
If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce.
A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then asks you not to kill him.
Do not let spacious plans for a new world divert your energies from saving what is left of the old.
Battles are won by slaughter and maneuver. The greater the general, the more he contributes in maneuver, the less he demands in slaughter.
Mr. Attlee is a very modest man. Indeed he has a lot to be modest about.
We are asking the nations of Europe between whom rivers of blood have flowed to forget the feuds of a thousand years.
Politics are very much like war. We may even have to use poison gas at times.
The problems of victory are more agreeable than those of defeat, but they are no less difficult.
These are not dark days: these are great days - the greatest days our country has ever lived.
If the Almighty were to rebuild the world and asked me for advice, I would have English Channels round every country. And the atmosphere would be such that anything which attempted to fly would be set on fire.
For my part, I consider that it will be found much better by all parties to leave the past to history, especially as I propose to write that history myself.
If the human race wishes to have a prolonged and indefinite period of material prosperity, they have only got to behave in a peaceful and helpful way toward one another.
Broadly speaking, the short words are the best, and the old words best of all.
We are stripped bare by the curse of plenty.
There are a terrible lot of lies going about the world, and the worst of it is that half of them are true.
The great defense against the air menace is to attack the enemy's aircraft as near as possible to their point of departure.
War is mainly a catalogue of blunders.
In war, you can only be killed once, but in politics, many times.
The reserve of modern assertions is sometimes pushed to extremes, in which the fear of being contradicted leads the writer to strip himself of almost all sense and meaning.
I was only the servant of my country and had I, at any moment, failed to express her unflinching resolve to fight and conquer, I should at once have been rightly cast aside.
There are two things that are more difficult than making an after-dinner speech: climbing a wall which is leaning toward you and kissing a girl who is leaning away from you.
Politics is almost as exciting as war, and quite as dangerous. In war you can only be killed once, but in politics many times.
Meeting Franklin Roosevelt was like opening your first bottle of champagne; knowing him was like drinking it.
In war as in life, it is often necessary when some cherished scheme has failed, to take up the best alternative open, and if so, it is folly not to work for it with all your might.
Baldwin thought Europe was a bore, and Chamberlain thought it was only a greater Birmingham.
No part of the education of a politician is more indispensable than the fighting of elections.
I have been brought up and trained to have the utmost contempt for people who get drunk.
When you are winning a war almost everything that happens can be claimed to be right and wise.
For good or for ill, air mastery is today the supreme expression of military power and fleets and armies, however vital and important, must accept a subordinate rank.
It is a fine game to play - the game of politics - and it is well worth waiting for a good hand before really plunging.
