British,Architect
I don't think that architecture is only about shelter, is only about a very simple enclosure. It should be able to excite you, to calm you, to make you think.
Architecture is how the person places herself in the space. Fashion is about how you place the object on the person.
I really believe in the idea of the future.
I've always thought that design can have equal importance to the idea of internal architecture. Professionally, things can be very dogmatic - you do the architecture, someone else does the interiors, someone else does the furniture, the fabric, etc. But I think design is all-encompassing.
When you are overworked and exhausted, there is a sense of kind of delirium and that's why I think architects do all-nighters and they kind of do those deadlines. For four days I remember doing four nights in one row with no sleep. I mean nobody, unless you are crazy, would do that, but you are totally focused on the project.
Obviously for some people there is a big connection between music and the way you can create a space.
Good education is so important. We do need to look at the way people are taught. It not just about qualifications to get a job. It's about being educated.
Education, housing and hospitals are the most important things for society.
What's nice about concrete is that it looks unfinished.
I have always appreciated those who dare to experiment with materials and proportions.
It's very important that historic cities are allowed to reinvent their future.
I don't think I am that tough, actually. Well, tough in the sense that I don't take any rubbish, and that doesn't make me very popular, frankly. I mean, because some people say something to me, and I just tell them off. I mean, why should I put up with it?
Architecture is particularly difficult for women; there's no reason for it to be. I don't want to blame men or society, but I think it was for a long time, the clients were men, the building industry is all male.
I used to not like being called a 'woman architect': I'm an architect, not just a woman architect. Guys used to tap me on the head and say, 'You are okay for a girl.' But I see the incredible amount of need from other women for reassurance that it could be done, so I don't mind that at all.
I am sure that as a woman I can do a very good skyscraper.
Of course I believe imaginative architecture can make a difference to people's lives, but I wish it was possible to divert some of the effort we put into ambitious museums and galleries into the basic architectural building blocks of society.
Wherever I am in the world, my perfect day begins with waking up and heading to the beach or the pool or somewhere I can be semi-comatose. I just wake up and go to the sun.
Contrary to popular view, I've never been patronized in the Middle East. Men maybe treat women differently, but they do not treat them with disrespect. They don't hate women. It's a very different kind of mentality.
Architecture is unnecessarily difficult. It's very tough.
I think that the training of architects allows you to see what will happen ten years ahead of time, or twenty. It's not guessing, it's not intuitive, it's based on research - and we may be wrong.
I have always appreciated designers who dare to reinterpret fabrics and proportions, so I follow the Japanese and Belgian designers. The pieces are so animated. When they lie still, they are one thing, but once you stand them up or wear them, they become something else.
I made a decision when I was in school that I'd have a lot of male friends.
You don't always have to show art in what's called a white box; you can have a kind of complexity within an exhibit which actually respects the art as well.
People say I design architectural icons. If I design a building and it becomes an icon, that's ok.
All the privileged can travel, see different worlds; not everyone can. I think it is important for people to have an interesting locale nearby.
I miss aspects of being in the Arab world - the language - and there is a tranquility in these cities with great rivers. Whether it's Cairo or Baghdad, you sit there and you think, 'This river has flown here for thousands of years.' There are magical moments in these places.
I really love Miami, but I don't think the architecture matches the city. It's a bit too commercial.
If you think about making a city that is much more porous, many accessible spaces, that is a political position, because you don't fortify, you open it up so that many people can use it.
I love driving around east London - it's always full of surprises. Actually, I don't drive myself - I like to be driven.
There are so many great galleries and museums in London, but they can be very crowded during the day.
Being Iraqi taught me to be very cautious.
I like music. Country, hip-hop, R&B, sometimes classical.
My buildings are not particularly expensive. It is not a tin shed. If you want a tinny car, you pay for that.
Society has not been set up in a way that allows women to go back to work after taking time off. Many women now have to work as well as do everything at home and no one can do everything. Society needs to find a way of relieving women.
I think it's good if areas get upgraded and gentrified, as long as the people who always lived there can stay. But they get pushed out to some place.
What's similar between Britain and America is the lack of good-quality civic buildings.
I'm a pushover. I make allowances for people if I like them.
I loved London. In the 1970s... it was very exciting, really wild.
I have been interested in fashion since I was a kid. Then I lived in London, where it was more about costume and a personal statement of who you are than about fashion.
I'm into fashion because it contains the mood of the day, of the moment - like music, literature, and art.
Life in the Middle East is quite different from other places.
Men think a woman should not have an opinion.
The spirit of adventure to embrace the new and the incredible belief in the power of invention attracted me to the Russian avant-garde.
In hospital, people should be able to have time to themselves.
I am quite sensitive to politics, because you know, as an Arab, an Iraqi, all your life, you are very conscious of it.
I don't think that everybody in the planet should have a child. I've never had the desire I should have a kid.
I can't focus when there's too many things around. Whenever I used to go to the office, I used to always say, 'Tidy up.'
The commission process in America and England is different. In America, they do it through an interview process, and it's really based on whether they like you or not. I mean, it's nothing to do with whether you do the best scheme or the worst scheme.
It's very important for cities all around the world to reinvent themselves, and Glasgow is a good example of that. The Scots are very nice. I don't think they are burdened by their history.
I find industrial cities exciting. I like their toughness.
Of course, my family helped me, my brothers helped me, but after I set up my own office I had to really help myself. Some people seem to think I had an oil well in my garden! It's a nice idea but not true.
For many years, I hated nature. As a student, I refused to put a plant anywhere - a living plant, that is. Dead plants were OK.
