Irish,Dramatist
There is no such thing as bad publicity except your own obituary.
A quotation in a speech, article or book is like a rifle in the hands of an infantryman. It speaks with authority.
I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper and the old men and old women warmer in the winter and happier in the summer.
It's not that the Irish are cynical. It's rather that they have a wonderful lack of respect for everything and everybody.
Critics are like eunuchs in a harem; they know how it's done, they've seen it done every day, but they're unable to do it themselves.
The Bible was a consolation to a fellow alone in the old cell. The lovely thin paper with a bit of matress stuffing in it, if you could get a match, was as good a smoke as I ever tasted.
The most important things to do in the world are to get something to eat, something to drink and somebody to love you.
At the innermost core of all loneliness is a deep and powerful yearning for union with one's lost self.
Every man, through fear, mugs his aspirations a dozen times a day.
If you greatly desire something, have the guts to stake everything on obtaining it.
When I came back to Dublin I was courtmartialed in my absence and sentenced to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
Other people have a nationality. The Irish and the Jews have a psychosis.
I say myself no depressed words just depressed minds.
I was court-martialled in my absence, and sentenced to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
What an author likes to write most is his signature on the back of a cheque.
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.
I have never seen a situation so dismal that a policeman couldn't make it worse.
Ah, bless you, Sister, may all your sons be bishops.
A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
What the hell difference does it make, left or right? There were good men lost on both sides.
New York is my Lourdes, where I go for spiritual refreshment... a place where you're least likely to be bitten by a wild goat.
I am a drinker with writing problems.
All publicity is good, except an obituary notice.
One drink is too many for me and a thousand not enough.
No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
No man can discover his own talents.
