Irish,Actor
Grief is exhausting. When you learn - maybe through my age or experience - trying to harness the energy, whatever it is, muted energy or a concentration to find yourself in a place? You try to use it for when it's really necessary and can arrive.
When you find somebody who doesn't give and take, you go, 'Remind me never to work with you again.'
I've worked a lot with Noah Baumbach, and he doesn't make it easy to like his characters, but the stories are funny and witty and there's an edge to that kind of humanity.
My soul is still Irish.
It's so tough to get movies made in Ireland anymore. A whole generation of Irish filmmakers doesn't have the resources to get a movie made.
Sometimes, there's not an honest engagement of Ireland in Hollywood movies.
I never saw myself as being a cop on TV.
I come from theatre and I always go back every couple of years.
My feet always danced to Irish traditional music, but I was very glad to get out of the North of Ireland in the mid-Seventies when it was really closed and tight and relentlessly unforgiving.
You get to an age when you lose people close to you.
I do believe as human beings we are a great mass of contradictions.
I'm not a comic person at all. It never reached me in the north of Ireland, in the '60s and '70s growing up. We used to get stupid comics like 'The Topper' and 'The Beezer,' things like that.
Casting is very, very important.
We've seen a lot of dirty politics in Ireland.
No nation can claim, 'We are an uncorrupt nation, therefore we will tell you what the morals of democracy are.'
I float from one project to another project, so you miss people and you don't see them for years.
Grief is exhausting.
You know, Christianity has its own superstition anyway: Why you turn three times, what this saint means, why you pray to the patron saint of lost causes, why you go this way or that way.
I know I don't go looking for directors. I always wonder why they chose me.
I don't use the word 'artists' lightly.
I'll tell you, being on set on 'Harry Potter' was nerve-wracking. It was surreal to be in a room with those three kids, all of whom know exactly what they're doing.
Christianity has its own superstition, anyway: Why you turn three times, what this saint means, why you pray to the patron saint of lost causes, why you go this way or that way.
If you're venturing into territory that is slightly operatic, it all has to be done so carefully.
I never saw myself as being a cop on TV. I come from theatre, and I always go back every couple of years.
I've never traveled to promote anything I've been in. I've only been to about two or three premieres. The way I work, I do bits, and then I'm off to something else, whether it's theater or another project.
Stuntwork... once, I've really only done one thing, which is take a punch and transport myself into the air onto a mat.
