Irish,Actor
I enjoy the preparatory elements of travel - packing my bags and choosing my outfits - but my favourite part is getting there.
I've got a hectic schedule, but I wouldn't have my life any other way.
What I'm attempting to do is to show people that if I can spend some time with very dangerous spiders and snakes and scorpions, then maybe they'll feel different about the spiders and snakes they find around their areas. I don't need people to keep them as pets. I just like them to be respectful and see that everything in nature has its place.
I'm a big fan of the misunderstood, the vilified, the underdog, the breaking of myths.
My mom and dad just loved the fact that I fooled around. They just embraced it. They'd always kind of enjoy it, and they liked it when I made them laugh.
I hope to be an actor and never retire.
The term 'geek' for me is like you having a passion, interest in something that is unabashed and you don't care if people think it's not cool. You think it's cool and that's your thing.
I'd love to play a gangster but I think people might say I looked a bit too young and cheeky to play a character who'd just blown someones head off!
I think a lot of young kids at school are very conscious of trying to keep credibility in case they kind of stand out in a crowd and get bullied by trying to stay cool and stuff. And my whole thing, all the way through school, was I was just a goof... I didn't care.
I like relationships and being in love, but I also like being single - you have to embrace all those different things.
Bureaucratic nonsense at airports drives me crazy.
I used to get quite upset that I'd make friends with a guy or a girl and then within the space of three years we'd move and go and live somewhere else, and you'd have to say goodbye to that person.
Holidays are all different depending on the company and time of your life.
I'm in this position where I can afford to wait, I'm lucky enough to be financially secure to not have to do anything that's thrown at me. You know the next couple of jobs are going to be pretty crucial in terms of how you're perceived by people. So I'm just waiting.
I never thought I could learn much from a dog or cat. They sleep when we sleep. They eat when we eat. I'm into observing animals being as wild as they can be in a captive environment.
We're electrical items and when we die the electricity goes somewhere else. When we die our energy goes into the galaxy.
I'd like to go on a hardcore safari in Africa, something off the beaten track with anti-poaching people and camping out in the savannah.
I get involved with projects based on three parameters - the script, the actors involved and the director.
People have a fear of the unknown. Insects have different senses than us, different amount of limbs and their body structure is very different. It's hard for us to really relate to them and understand them.
I could always flip between emotions and be available to suddenly do something new. I think it's a part of playing, and you hang onto it when you're a kid.
I guess we're living in a pretty sensitive world and there's nothing you can do about that.
I think if you're an actor, then you can work on stage - but if you've never done it before, you're going to have picked up a few things that you're going to need to change when you're working on stage.
I was never a big guy in pubs. I was never the main kind of aggressor or anything like that, but I found myself in trouble because I always had a mouth that would come back with something, and there was just never anyone who could make me be quiet.
I was the class clown so I was used to performing and fooling around in front of my friends.
I've always traveled, as a kid my parents moved me around, a different place in Germany every four years. But I got the travel bug when I was a kid, living in different countries.
I have been heartbroken once and it has affected all my relationships from there on. But now I look at it as a occupational hazard. If you are in the meat market at some point you are gonna get mad cows disease.
Television is face acting, and film is eye acting.
If I had a choice as to my perfect career, I would make a couple of films a year and then concentrate on natural history.
I don't tend to go out that much.
I have a lot of respect for marriage.
When I was at college, I worked in a department store called Brit Home Stores, which is a pretty lackluster department store, selling clothes for middle-aged women. My job was to walk the floor and find anything that was damaged, take it to the store room and log it.
I love having the opportunity to surf.
I think everyone's a geek in some way.
Probably a concern to either a major or minor degree with most actors if they're really motivated to kind of make a significant difference in the business is the 'pigeon-holing' thing.
My ultimate search has been for a muse.
I've learnt that the world over, everyone's essentially the same. We are all trying to have a nice time and get along with things.
