Irish,Statesman
We, of our time, have played our part in the perseverance, and we have pledged ourselves to the dead generations who have preserved intact for us this glorious heritage, that we, too, will strive to be faithful to the end, and pass on this tradition unblemished.
If there is to be any hope of prosperity for this country it is by reversing that policy which made us simply the kitchen garden for supplying the British with cheap food.
I shall strive not to be guilty of adding any fuel to the flames of hatred and passion which, if continued to be fed, promise to burn up whatever is left by the war of decent human feeling in Europe.
When we have done our best, we can, as a united people, take whatever may befall with calm courage and confidence that this old nation will survive and if death should come to many of us, death is not the end.
The economic and social problems would tend to become, like the military situation, more and more difficult as time went on and we became more and more isolated.
It is indeed hard for the strong to be just to the weak, but acting justly always has its rewards.
It is the duty of our men to enroll themselves in the national services. We need all our manpower for defence. For the military and... we need a quarter of a million men.
Unemployment is due to the large import of goods from Britain and other countries. The Government haven't used the powers which they have for the benefit of the country.
We cannot afford idleness, waste or inefficiency.
Mr. Churchill is proud of Britain's stand alone, after France had fallen and before America entered the War.
By keeping the annuities, we could build up a national industry every years as big as the Shannon Scheme.
We hope that the plain people - the labourers and small farmers - will take this opportunity of coming together and working out the National programme.
Here, in Cork district, you have in combination all the dangers which war can inflict.
If war comes upon us, it will come as a thief in the night.
Since this war began our sympathy has gone out to all the suffering people who have been dragged into it. Further hundreds of millions have become involved since I spoke at Limerick fortnight ago.
From the moment this war began, there was, for this state, only one policy possible, neutrality.
The part which American friendship played in helping us to win the freedom we enjoy in this part of Ireland has been gratefully recognized and acknowledged by our people.
We are fully aware that, in a world at war, each set of belligerents is over ready to regard those who are not with them as against them; but the course we have followed is a just course.
God has been pleased to save us during the years of war that have already passed. We pray that He may be pleased to save us to the end. But we must do our part.
