Irish,Statesman
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent.
Our patience will achieve more than our force.
To read without reflecting is like eating without digesting.
The first and simplest emotion which we discover in the human mind, is curiosity.
When the leaders choose to make themselves bidders at an auction of popularity, their talents, in the construction of the state, will be of no service. They will become flatterers instead of legislators; the instruments, not the guides, of the people.
The traveller has reached the end of the journey!
Slavery is a weed that grows on every soil.
There is but one law for all, namely that law which governs all law, the law of our Creator, the law of humanity, justice, equity - the law of nature and of nations.
Hypocrisy can afford to be magnificent in its promises, for never intending to go beyond promise, it costs nothing.
The greater the power, the more dangerous the abuse.
Frugality is founded on the principal that all riches have limits.
It is not what a lawyer tells me I may do; but what humanity, reason, and justice tell me I ought to do.
Under the pressure of the cares and sorrows of our mortal condition, men have at all times, and in all countries, called in some physical aid to their moral consolations - wine, beer, opium, brandy, or tobacco.
But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint.
Beauty is the promise of happiness.
Superstition is the religion of feeble minds.
Good order is the foundation of all things.
Never despair, but if you do, work on in despair.
Your representative owes you, not his industry only, but his judgment; and he betrays instead of serving you if he sacrifices it to your opinion.
The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
To make us love our country, our country ought to be lovely.
Whenever a separation is made between liberty and justice, neither, in my opinion, is safe.
Free trade is not based on utility but on justice.
The effect of liberty to individuals is that they may do what they please: we ought to see what it will please them to do, before we risk congratulations.
Example is the school of mankind, and they will learn at no other.
Liberty must be limited in order to be possessed.
To tax and to please, no more than to love and to be wise, is not given to men.
You can never plan the future by the past.
Religious persecution may shield itself under the guise of a mistaken and over-zealous piety.
The tyranny of a multitude is a multiplied tyranny.
Custom reconciles us to everything.
Bad laws are the worst sort of tyranny.
Nothing is so fatal to religion as indifference.
No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear.
Toleration is good for all, or it is good for none.
The person who grieves suffers his passion to grow upon him; he indulges it, he loves it; but this never happens in the case of actual pain, which no man ever willingly endured for any considerable time.
The true danger is when liberty is nibbled away, for expedience, and by parts.
A disposition to preserve, and an ability to improve, taken together, would be my standard of a statesman.
Nobility is a graceful ornament to the civil order. It is the Corinthian capital of polished society.
Beauty in distress is much the most affecting beauty.
It is, generally, in the season of prosperity that men discover their real temper, principles, and designs.
I have never yet seen any plan which has not been mended by the observations of those who were much inferior in understanding to the person who took the lead in the business.
Passion for fame: A passion which is the instinct of all great souls.
Ambition can creep as well as soar.
Society can overlook murder, adultery or swindling; it never forgives preaching of a new gospel.
He that wrestles with us strengthens our nerves and sharpens our skill. Our antagonist is our helper.
Kings will be tyrants from policy, when subjects are rebels from principle.
Falsehood is a perennial spring.
Applause is the spur of noble minds, the end and aim of weak ones.
It is the nature of all greatness not to be exact.
Circumstances give in reality to every political principle its distinguishing color and discriminating effect. The circumstances are what render every civil and political scheme beneficial or noxious to mankind.
Magnanimity in politics is not seldom the truest wisdom; and a great empire and little minds go ill together.
If you can be well without health, you may be happy without virtue.
There is a boundary to men's passions when they act from feelings; but none when they are under the influence of imagination.
Religion is essentially the art and the theory of the remaking of man. Man is not a finished creation.
Politics and the pulpit are terms that have little agreement.
He had no failings which were not owing to a noble cause; to an ardent, generous, perhaps an immoderate passion for fame; a passion which is the instinct of all great souls.
Mere parsimony is not economy. Expense, and great expense, may be an essential part in true economy.
Laws, like houses, lean on one another.
If the people are happy, united, wealthy, and powerful, we presume the rest. We conclude that to be good from whence good is derived.
Tyrants seldom want pretexts.
Whilst shame keeps its watch, virtue is not wholly extinguished in the heart; nor will moderation be utterly exiled from the minds of tyrants.
I venture to say no war can be long carried on against the will of the people.
All human laws are, properly speaking, only declaratory; they have no power over the substance of original justice.
It is the interest of the commercial world that wealth should be found everywhere.
Whenever our neighbour's house is on fire, it cannot be amiss for the engines to play a little on our own.
The march of the human mind is slow.
A spirit of innovation is generally the result of a selfish temper and confined views. People will not look forward to posterity, who never look backward to their ancestors.
