Irish,Author
We live in a fantasy world, a world of illusion. The great task in life is to find reality.
Between saying and doing, many a pair of shoes is worn out.
Love is the difficult realization that something other than oneself is real.
Happiness is a matter of one's most ordinary and everyday mode of consciousness being busy and lively and unconcerned with self.
People from a planet without flowers would think we must be mad with joy the whole time to have such things about us.
In almost every marriage there is a selfish and an unselfish partner. A pattern is set up and soon becomes inflexible, of one person always making the demands and one person always giving way.
Falling out of love is chiefly a matter of forgetting how charming someone is.
The priesthood is a marriage. People often start by falling in love, and they go on for years without realizing that love must change into some other love which is so unlike it that it can hardly be recognized as love at all.
Writing is like getting married. One should never commit oneself until one is amazed at one's luck.
In philosophy if you aren't moving at a snail's pace you aren't moving at all.
Perhaps misguided moral passion is better than confused indifference.
Falling out of love is very enlightening. For a short while you see the world with new eyes.
Art is the final cunning of the human soul which would rather do anything than face the gods.
There is no substitute for the comfort supplied by the utterly taken-for-granted relationship.
No love is entirely without worth, even when the frivolous calls to the frivolous and the base to the base.
One doesn't have to get anywhere in a marriage. It's not a public conveyance.
We can only learn to love by loving.
Perhaps when distant people on other planets pick up some wavelength of ours all they hear is a continuous scream.
The cry of equality pulls everyone down.
I daresay anything can be made holy by being sincerely worshipped.
Moralistic is not moral. And as for truth - well, it's like brown - it's not in the spectrum. Truth is so generic.
The absolute yearning of one human body for another particular body and its indifference to substitutes is one of life's major mysteries.
I see myself as Rhoda, not Mary Tyler Moore.
Only lies and evil come from letting people off.
Being good is just a matter of temperament in the end.
A bad review is even less important than whether it is raining in Patagonia.
