Irish,Musician
I have some vivid memories of walking around as a child with a cassette tape.
I don't know about folk music. I play guitar, so there's a feeling I make folk music.
I remember always looking forward to listening to country music in the car with my mother, and it wasn't even something I enjoyed in the sense of music, but just being around music itself was enough.
I think it's safe to say that if you talk to anybody in Ireland, they'll have a passing knowledge of the guitar. It was something that I couldn't get away from when I was younger: guitars played in shops and parties, just everywhere.
I didn't really learn how to play guitar until I was in college.
You get one chance to make an impression, and coasting through is a disservice.
I have no interest in making music that's built for an antique shop.
It's like half the campaign of selling a record is trying to convince people that you're an artist. Well, I am an artist. This is what I do.
I was never a 'sit down with a notepad and write lyrics' kind of person.
More often than not, changes had to be made in order for a song to make sense, and by the end of it, it would just be something different. Lyrically, I am usually fairly confused until something is finished, and then it makes perfect sense to me.
My favorite records are not easy - they're not records that reveal everything to you the first time out.
I never was the front man in any bands I played in when I was in college, and I always learned music by myself at home.
My first record was made in Termonfeckin, which is a small town on the north-east coast of Ireland. I had been in London, but it didn't click. So, at home, I didn't think about making something, just whether something could be made. There was no grand plan.
You just wake up and make music.
I heard of this Texas studio. The owner, Tony Rancich, wanted to fly us out for the day to see the studio. I booked it the next day. He's that rare guy that is in it purely for the love of it.
When I first saw Drake, I thought I was never going to like him based on the person that I saw on T.V. He's just so full on, and he's got the ladies' man thing, which isn't necessarily something that would resonate with me.
My mum was a big fan of E.L.O. and Elvis Costello. She used to play that, consistently, all the time when we were kids. And my dad, he would claim to be a singer... You know, he loves singing, and he used to sing a lot when he was a kid and at parties and stuff like that. So I come from a very party-musical family.
I didn't start playing music really until I was 18/19, so it was a relatively new thing. I didn't play much music in school.
I just essentially stayed at home for three years and just learned to play as many instruments as I could and listened to as many singers as I could. Like, when I got to about 19/20, I started listening to singers. I normally just listened to bands. Now I listen to a lot of old singers, not a lot of new stuff.
I don't know if I'm attention deficit, but I certainly am easily distracted by other things.
I moved to London with this really warped sense of expectation.
The only thing that's ever made sense to me has been sitting in the house by myself making music.
I like working by myself.
I grew up in a place called Malahide, which is by the water and is beautifully quiet, leafy, and part serene.
I've traveled quite a lot and become a coffee nut.
I'm mostly a keep-to-myself kind of guy, but you slowly find yourself getting folded into the musical tapestry.
