Irish,Novelist
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
I am tomorrow, or some future day, what I establish today. I am today what I established yesterday or some previous day.
Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.
Think you're escaping and run into yourself. Longest way round is the shortest way home.
A man of genius makes no mistakes; his errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
No pen, no ink, no table, no room, no time, no quiet, no inclination.
Writing in English is the most ingenious torture ever devised for sins committed in previous lives. The English reading public explains the reason why.
When I die Dublin will be written in my heart.
The actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts.
A nation is the same people living in the same place.
Poetry, even when apparently most fantastic, is always a revolt against artifice, a revolt, in a sense, against actuality.
Your battles inspired me - not the obvious material battles but those that were fought and won behind your forehead.
Christopher Columbus, as everyone knows, is honored by posterity because he was the last to discover America.
Shakespeare is the happy hunting ground of all minds that have lost their balance.
I fear those big words which make us so unhappy.
I've put in so many enigmas and puzzles that it will keep the professors busy for centuries arguing over what I meant, and that's the only way of insuring one's immortality.
Irresponsibility is part of the pleasure of all art; it is the part the schools cannot recognize.
You forget that the kingdom of heaven suffers violence: and the kingdom of heaven is like a woman.
My mouth is full of decayed teeth and my soul of decayed ambitions.
Whatever else is unsure in this stinking dunghill of a world a mother's love is not.
Men are governed by lines of intellect - women: by curves of emotion.
The demand that I make of my reader is that he should devote his whole Life to reading my works.
I think a child should be allowed to take his father's or mother's name at will on coming of age. Paternity is a legal fiction.
He found in the world without as actual what was in his world within as possible.
A corpse is meat gone bad. Well and what's cheese? Corpse of milk.
Ireland is the old sow that eats her farrow.
