Irish,Designer
Be kind, don't judge, and have respect for others. If we can all do this, the world would be a better place. The point is to teach this to the next generation.
We have too many poisons in our diets now, like sugar and caffeine.
It has long been a childhood dream of mine to have a farm.
I think children of divorced parents do grow up quicker. You just do.
People who read on holiday always have a better time because it's total escapism, both physically and mentally.
I want to do something to help people.
People talk about me as if I am the sole inheritor of the Guinness family fortune and worth masses, but I have hundreds of cousins.
I always dreamt that I would marry in the Piazza Del Campo in Siena and go on my honeymoon down the Amazon, up the Nile, on a gallop through the pyramids, to Nepal and Kerala, on a safari and finally to Lake Titicaca in Peru.
My face hasn't matured as I've grown up, and neither has my sense of humour. In the mirror, I see an older version of myself as a child, although I do have more wrinkles and freckles.
My husband says he wants to have the best hay field in Britain. I can't wait.
People tend to assume that I come from a long line of castle-dwelling gentry and am made of money.
I knew nothing about my mum's family. Her parents were dead by the time she was 14. She was brought up by two aunts, and she only ever met one uncle.
Mum and I were delighted to find out we were descended from 'bog-trotters.'
I've worked since I was 18. I have no trust fund and don't expect anything.
It's all very well setting up your own brand of face cream or exercise wear - but Christ, it's so shallow.
It's appalling how much money raised at some charity events gets wasted on paying personnel and admin staff.
It's really hard work being a model.
In my twenties, I was obsessed with what other people thought of me. In my thirties, it's about my children, my husband, my work. In my forties, it's going to be about me, and I shan't care what anyone else thinks. I can't wait!
People have always assumed that I am privileged. And that has been a problem sometimes. When I first started modelling, and I was schlepping around London with no money, I found it rather irksome that people thought I had a private income when I didn't.
I have always loved clothes, and the opportunity to design my own line could not be missed. It's a dream job.
The government has got to do something to help independent businesses.
We've got to make greedy banks pass on interest rate cuts in full, and we've got to see rents coming down.
I was very lucky growing up, and I got all my dad's and aunts' toys from the 1950s and 1960s and loved those old pedal cars.
It was tough going to boarding school. It was very hard work.
Because I was very big and she was very small, my mother had a horrible birth when I was born. So she always said: 'I'm never having any more kids!'
Yes, I was on the cover of 'Vogue,' but girls on the cover of 'Vogue' are the most scared of rejection. Models are the most insecure of them all. Actually, actors and actresses are, and then musicians, and then models!
