Irish,Actor
Every cliche about kids is true; they grow up so quickly, you blink and they're gone, and you have to spend the time with them now. But that's a joy.
I try to stay fit. I try and do something every day but I don't jog. My body hates jogging.
Hollywood is throwing action movies at me.
I've had an unbelievable life. I've been very lucky. You do create your own luck too, you know? I never forget where I'm from. Whenever I pass a building site or see somebody digging a ditch, I always think, 'That's real work.'
It's extraordinary to look into a baby's face and see a piece of your flesh and your spirit. It makes you realize you are a part of the human race.
It's an ongoing joy being a dad.
Yeah, well, I finally stopped smoking for good.
I don't do my own stunts, but I do my own fighting. I don't consider fighting to be a stunt.
Some mornings you wake up and think, gee I look handsome today. Other days I think, what am I doing in the movies? I wanna go back to Ireland and drive a forklift.
I always wanted to be a cowboy, and Jedi Knights are basically cowboys in space, right?
Well I think people think sex is controversial. Not always, but certainly it's something to be discussed.
I was an OK boxer, I wasn't great, I was OK, but I loved the discipline of getting together every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, usually Saturday afternoons too, with a whole bunch of mates and training, very, very hard for about two-and-half hours.
I do believe at the end of the night when you're with your family, the character gets hung up on the door like a coat, and is there to be taken on the next morning.
In real life, wolves will do anything to avoid contact with mankind.
Acting is invigorating. But I don't analyse it too much. It's like a dog smelling where it's going to do its toilet in the morning.
I certainly notice the vitality in Belfast, which wasn't there in the Seventies. There was a war going on then. Now there are cranes everywhere. There really is a sense of renewal and hope.
You think your life is going one way and then suddenly, you're on another track.
For all of nature's wonder and beauty, it is also hostile and unpredictable.
I'm a big believer in acts of kindness, no matter how small.
I think I survived by running away some. Running away to work.
I'm not the kind of actor that would know what my character had for breakfast last Tuesday.
Sitting down to eat in our house is about sharing, you know, talking about the day you've had, be it in school or work or whatever, so that's very important to us.
I'm Irish, so I'm used to odd stews. I can take it. Just throw a lot of carrots and onions in there and I'll call it dinner.
I was very slow in maths, geometry I actually enjoyed.
It's funny, but you get to a time in your life when you think you have all the friends you will ever have.
I think there must be some other life forms, even if they're microscopic.
I was reared a Catholic but I think every day we ask ourselves, not consciously, what are we doing on this planet? What's it all about?
I'm constantly reading books on God or the absence of God and atheism.
A sex symbol? A symbol of sex? I don't think that I am a sex symbol, although it's very flattering. I'm 59, now, so I think I'm possibly past my sell-by date. I think I am.
I don't know if I'm a strict parent or a pushover.
Rihanna is a very talented person. One of those people who are able to do whatever they want with great results.
I never thought about becoming a professional singer, but I am in touch with Bono about releasing a musical movie. It will be about an Irish band during the '70s who are looking for fortune in Las Vegas. I should play the singer of the band but I don't want to sing in front of anybody.
I will never become a director or a movie producer. I was always looking at picture directing because I didn't know what to do! You can't be a movie director without real preparation.
Why would anyone ever tell anything personal to a journalist?
I get fed up with plots that are driven by someone constantly getting information on a computer.
I had done some flimflam movies, but I didn't understand what being an actor meant anymore.
The Irish Catholic side was married to the life of an actor and I found out acting could be a form of prayer.
I offer my performance as prayer for someone I've worked with as an actor or someone who has died. The image that comes into my head as I walk to the stage, I offer that performance up for that person.
The putting on of vestments and lighting candles, it's a wonderful ritual that never changes from one Mass to another.
If I get rejected for a part, I pick myself up and say, 'OK, not today, maybe tomorrow I'll get this other part or something.'
I have often found that no matter where I meet people in the world, there is a path that leads back to Queen's.
Queen's University flies the flag for the arts in Northern Ireland and beyond.
I have to make it my job to be careful with my family.
It's easy enough to plan jobs, to plan a lot of work.
I'm still a proud Irishman, of course, but I've become an American citizen. I'm very, very proud of that.
Indeed I regard the enduring support which I have received over the years from all sections of the community in Ballymena as being more than sufficient recognition for any success which I may have achieved as an actor.
It is fun to explore these kick-butt characters.
There seems to be more opportunities for old guys like me to do a little fighting and running because the lead characters also require a bit of depth and maturity and gravitas that one is likely to acquire doing drama all those years.
I love doing my own stunts but it's hard.
I came to water late. I learned to swim at the age of 20.
I keep fit as much as I can.
I try to be a hard boiled sometimes. My kids see right through it. I'm acting. It's always, 'When I say you'll be back at 11, that means 11, not 11.15. Do you hear me!?' Then, 'Yeah, Dad.'
I have friends who have daughters and there's times I think I'm glad I have boys instead of girls.
I don't think I'm funny.
As you know, Hollywood loves to pigeonhole all the actors and actresses, and suddenly I got 're-pigeonholed' as an action actor.
Looking out for your children is an ongoing process throughout your life.
I'm trying to be a comedian, you know?
I do shadow boxing and use a heavy bag, but I don't spar with anyone.
To be honest, I'm scared to death of rollercoaster rides.
I've made many films and only a few times I've played real people.
Before 'Schindler's List,' I wouldn't have believed movies had a lot of power for social change.
It's best to keep acting real.
I think if you're the son or daughter of successful actors and actresses, it's a double pressure. More is expected of you.
For every successful actor or actress, there are countless numbers who don't make it. The name of the game is rejection. You go to an audition and you're told you're too tall or you're too Irish or your nose is not quite right. You're rejected for your education, you're rejected for this or that and it's really tough.
I don't think that I am a sex symbol, although it's very flattering.
I'm so touched that complete strangers will send me a script asking me to be in their film. That still amazes me - and sometimes for a lot of money too.
I gravitate toward women.
I can always act.
I loved school.
America has been very, very good to me.
I'm very much a homebody.
You can't act being a boxer. It's like being on stage.
When I see great boxers, it's like reading a wonderful poem.
It's an extraordinary thing, this tiny little province of Northern Ireland, where carnage happened. And I was part of it. I grew up in it.
I love working with children.
