Irish,Actor
My favorite food from my homeland is Guinness. My second choice in Guinness. My third choice - would have to be Guinness.
Always a bridesmaid never a bride my foot!
It's my job, it's what I do, it's what I'm on earth to do and it's who I am.
My dear sir, it haunted me for the rest of my life.
For me, life has either been a wake or a wedding.
I will not be a common man. I will stir the smooth sands of monotony.
I can make the best French toast.
There's always a hunger, when you're young, to go from peak to peak and avoid the valleys.
I have no memories I'm prepared to share with you.
Writing is a kind of performing art, and I can't sit down to write unless I'm dressed. I don't mean dressed in a suit, but dressed well and comfortably and I have to be shaved and bathed.
If you can't do something willingly and joyfully, then don't do it.
I have my very own Oscar now to be with me until death us do part.
We were doing it under the most extraordinary circumstances, but the first out of the tent in the morning would be David Lean. He said to me on the very first day of shooting, Pete, this is the beginning of a great adventure.
I'm not an actor, I'm a movie star.
I know nothing at all about women. They are an amazing, beautiful mystery.
If I'd known I was going to live this long, I would have taken better care of myself.
I'm the most gregarious of men and love good company, but never less alone when alone.
The only exercise I take is walking behind the coffins of friends who took exercise.
I can't stand light. I hate weather.
I woke up one morning to find I was famous. I bought a white Rolls-Royce and drove down Sunset Boulevard, wearing dark specs and a white suit, waving like the Queen Mum.
I was apprehensive about bringing off this Homer.
Films were never in my budget. Didn't occur to me till much later. I hoped for a long, good life, which I've had and I'm having as an actor. I didn't expect the rest.
I love working with young people which to me is a big kick.
I loved doing My Favorite Year, which was great fun, and The Ruling Class, which I made with all my chums.
I tell my children to avoid theatre and go into cinema and TV.
I wouldn't mind being a lord.
I have unqualified admiration for Brad Pitt.
I saw a man killed in front of my eyes just before my eighth birthday.
People talk about the '60s, but they were merely a mass production of what the '50s had begun.
Every three or four years, I'm hot again.
I've done everything that's possible to be done.
When I'm doing theatre, I prefer to be doing cinema. When I'm doing cinema, I prefer to be doing theatre.
I love London.
Acting is just being a man. Being human. Not forcing it.
No one should ever know where conduct ends and acting begins. Conduct unbecoming. That's what acting is.
My dad went at 86. A car killed him. He was crossing the road.
I quite like being old.
I've never looked for women. When I was a teenager, perhaps.
I'm Irish. That means I'm Catholic. But, truth is, now I'm a retired Christian.
Right after I left drama school, I had a job.
In my day England, Scotland, Wales had 80 drama schools. There are none left. So there's no training, no discipline.
Actors have given up their clout. Now decision making is in the hands of lighting men, designers, bankers, special-effects people. We need to cut that out and just go with the most able trained actors in the business.
Omar Sharif and I spent nine months in the desert, day after day for nine months.
It's such a relief for me to sit in front of a tape recorder and not be using it to learn my lines.
All the minor sports injuries you acquire over the years begin to multiply like flies when you get over 70.
I never found it easy to learn my lines. It was slog, slog, slog.
No one ever watched competitive swimming.
I had a son born to me when I was 50, and I thought, 'He needs someone to bowl to him.'
I suggest that an education and reading and facts aren't bad things on which to ponder a few notions.
No one can take Jesus away from me. There's no doubt there was a historical figure of tremendous importance, with enormous notions. Such as peace.
You know when you've found a part that you want to play. You know it because the part takes you over. It sits in the script waiting for you to play him.
A few years back I was asked if I would go and meet a director and his various acolytes, and it occurred to me halfway through the meeting that what I was doing was auditioning. And I thought, 'Well, hang on buddy. I've done half a century of this.'
An Oscar is a symbol that is known in every corner of the world.
It's a razor's edge, a romance with an old man and a young woman.
A rubber neck is a necessary part of equipment.
Public crucifixion is no fun.
I had a pretty hilariously gloomy few years in the '70s.
I'm not a French singer.
Pope Paul III was the greatest thief in the history of the church.
There are only three indispensable things: the audience, the actor and the author. The rest is dross.
