Nigerian,Writer
One of the truest tests of integrity is its blunt refusal to be compromised.
Once you allow yourself to identify with the people in a story, then you might begin to see yourself in that story even if on the surface it's far removed from your situation. This is what I try to tell my students: this is one great thing that literature can do - it can make us identify with situations and people far away.
I tell my students, it's not difficult to identify with somebody like yourself, somebody next door who looks like you. What's more difficult is to identify with someone you don't see, who's very far away, who's a different color, who eats a different kind of food. When you begin to do that then literature is really performing its wonders.
The people you see in Nigeria today have always lived as neighbors in the same space for as long as we can remember. So it's a matter of settling down, lowering the rhetoric, the level of hostility in the rhetoric is too high.
When suffering knocks at your door and you say there is no seat for him, he tells you not to worry because he has brought his own stool.
The last four or five hundred years of European contact with Africa produced a body of literature that presented Africa in a very bad light and Africans in very lurid terms. The reason for this had to do with the need to justify the slave trade and slavery.
People create stories create people; or rather stories create people create stories.
When old people speak it is not because of the sweetness of words in our mouths; it is because we see something which you do not see.
Nigera is what it is because its leaders are not what they should be.
The damage done in one year can sometimes take ten or twenty years to repair.
I was a supporter of the desire, in my section of Nigeria, to leave the federation because it was treated very badly with something that was called genocide in those days.
Nigeria has had a complicated colonial history. My work has examined that part of our story extensively.
When the British came to Ibo land, for instance, at the beginning of the 20th century, and defeated the men in pitched battles in different places, and set up their administrations, the men surrendered. And it was the women who led the first revolt.
The only thing we have learnt from experience is that we learn nothing from experience.
My parents were early converts to Christianity in my part of Nigeria. They were not just converts; my father was an evangelist, a religious teacher. He and my mother traveled for thirty-five years to different parts of Igboland, spreading the gospel.
Oh, the most important thing about myself is that my life has been full of changes. Therefore, when I observe the world, I don't expect to see it just like I was seeing the fellow who lives in the next room.
What a country needs to do is be fair to all its citizens - whether people are of a different ethnicity or gender.
The whole idea of a stereotype is to simplify. Instead of going through the problem of all this great diversity - that it's this or maybe that - you have just one large statement; it is this.
Once you allow yourself to identify with the people in a story, then you might begin to see yourself in that story even if on the surface it's far removed from your situation.
When a tradition gathers enough strength to go on for centuries, you don't just turn it off one day.
People say that if you find water rising up to your ankle, that's the time to do something about it, not when it's around your neck.
I think back to the old people I knew when I was growing up, and they always seemed larger than life.
A functioning, robust democracy requires a healthy educated, participatory followership, and an educated, morally grounded leadership.
The problem with leaderless uprisings taking over is that you don't always know what you get at the other end. If you are not careful you could replace a bad government with one much worse!
When I began going to school and learned to read, I encountered stories of other people and other lands.
People from different parts of the world can respond to the same story if it says something to them about their own history and their own experience.
