Mexican,Novelist
What the United States does best is to understand itself. What it does worst is understand others.
Literature overtakes history, for literature gives you more than one life. It expands experience and opens new opportunities to readers.
I have two children who died before reaching 30, so who am I to complain about being alive?
Diplomacy in a sense is the opposite of writing. You have to disperse yourself so much: the lady who comes in crying because she's had a fight with the secretary; exports and imports; students in trouble; thumbtacks for the embassy.
Like all of Latin America, Mexico after independence in 1821 turned its back on a triple heritage: on the Spanish heritage, because we were newly liberated colonies, and on our Indian and black heritages, because we considered them backward and barbaric. We looked towards France, England and the U.S., to become progressive democratic republics.
Perfect order is the forerunner of perfect horror.
The historical problem of the United States is to admit that it is a multiracial and multi-ethnic nation.
The United States has written the white history of the United States. It now needs to write the black, Latino, Indian, Asian and Caribbean history of the United States.
I am not interested in slice of life, what I want is a slice of the imagination.
I don't think any good book is based on factual experience. Bad books are about things the writer already knew before he wrote them.
One puts off the biography like you put off death. To write an autobiography is to etch the words on your own gravestone.
There must be something beyond slaughter and barbarism to support the existence of mankind and we must all help search for it.
I use a lot of film images, analogies, and imagination.
I am a literary animal. For me, everything ends in literature.
The real bombs are my books, not me.
The new world economic order is not an exercise in philanthropy, but in enlightened self-interest for everyone concerned.
Writing requires the concentration of the writer, demands that nothing else be done except that.
I am a morning writer; I am writing at eight-thirty in longhand and I keep at it until twelve-thirty, when I go for a swim. Then I come back, have lunch, and read in the afternoon until I take my walk for the next day's writing.
I must write the book out in my head now, before I sit down.
I started my own magazine with drawings, commentary, news, film reviews and drawings.
The United States is very good at understanding itself, and very bad at understanding others.
My system for staying young is to work a lot, to always have a project on the go.
Here among my books, my wife, my friends and my loves, I have plenty of reasons to keep living.
Work is what saves you.
I have no literary fears.
I believe in books that do not go to a ready-made public. I'm looking for readers I would like to make. To win them, to create readers rather than to give something that readers are expecting. That would bore me to death.
