Mexican,Journalist
When it comes to racism, discrimination, corruption, public lies, dictatorships, and human rights, you have to take a stand as a reporter because I think our responsibility as journalist is to confront those who are abusing power.
My only advice is, follow your dream and do whatever you like to do the most. I chose journalism because I wanted to be in the places where history was being made.
I go out on publicity tours for my books, and, you know, Latinos, they bring everybody in the family to everything, even little kids. So I always ask the kids, 'Who wants to be the first Latino President?' It used to be no hands went up, or maybe one or two. Now, with Obama, many of the little hands go up. It will happen in my lifetime.
Happiness for me is the people whom you love, love you back.
Sometimes you have to ask the question as if it's going to be your last question - as if it's going to be the last time you talk to that person.
As journalists, we cannot swallow the official line without question. We should challenge almost everything that dictators, presidents and officials say.
When journalists forget that our job is to question and annoy those in power, there can be huge consequences.
What I find most interesting about the U.S. is this idea of equality.
Young Latinos have been telling me that they want to register to vote because of Donald Trump. Not because they want to vote for him but because they want to vote against him.
Hate is contagious. A few seconds after Donald Trump has told me something hateful, somebody else repeats it. He has legitimized what people only dare say in their kitchens and bedrooms.
What I'll say is that Cuban-Americans don't have to deal with the same immigration issues as other nationalities because of the 'wet feet, dry feet' policy. For Cubans, one year after you touch United States territory, you can become a legal resident.
You turn on the TV, and you see very bland interviews. Journalists in the United States are very cozy with power, very close to those in power.
I think as journalists, we have to keep our distance from power.
I'm not seeing tough questions asked on American television. I'm not seeing those correspondents that would question those in power. It's like a club. We are not asking the tough questions.
I will go to a nice restaurant in Miami, and no one sitting at the tables will notice me or even know who I am. Then everyone in the kitchen comes out and wants to take a picture.
We in the Hispanic community are truly tired of both the Democrats and the Republicans promising all of these things during the campaigns and then forgetting about it after the campaigns are over.
The most important responsibility we have as journalists is to question those who are in power. I honestly believe that.
I don't think we've asked the right questions, the tough questions, at the right time, in Washington.
The United States gave me opportunities that my country of origin could not: freedom of the press and complete freedom of expression.
Once you are an immigrant, you never forget that you are one.
You have to go through a mental and emotional process to recognize who you really are. I finally recognized that I cannot be defined by one country.
Mexico will never accept U.S. military intervention. Mexicans always remember 1848.
We need not only one Cesar Chavez; we need a thousand Cesar Chavezes.
It's a privilege to work as an anchor for Univision, but more important, I am amazed by how Latinos are transforming America.
You wouldn't expect ABC or any of the mainstream networks to take a position on immigration, health care, anything. But at Univision, it's different. We are pro-immigrant. That's our audience, and people depend on us. When we are better represented politically, that role for us will recede.
Immigration is the issue that tells us who is with us and who is against us; there's no question about it. And it's very simple to understand why - half of all Latinos over 18 years of age were born outside the United States. It really makes no sense to attack them and criticize them if you want their vote.
