Mexican,Businessman
Ideas have consequences that can transform society.
To have a baby, raise him and educate him, is something very valuable. But we, as a society, don't see it that way.
I am honored to serve on the Board of Visitors for Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service. Being the first board member from Latin America, I hope to provide insight into the economical, social and political issues facing the region, and continue to grow and strengthen this prestigious institution.
Almost any job can make us better human beings if we do it with passion.
An entrepreneurial mind is always looking for new opportunities.
History has demonstrated that efforts to censure and control communication will not succeed.
In times of crisis, cash is king.
Free trade has been one of the tenets of the modern Mexican economy, and it's through competition and free trade that we will continue to advance.
With the acquisition of 50% of Todito, TV Azteca is getting on a very fast train. Todito will allow TV Azteca to create value for its shareholders and promote its television content on the Internet.
I don't think of myself as a kind of celebrity, but wherever I go, people know me; they greet me.
People say I'm controversial. But I think I lead a very balanced and normal life.
I'm devoted to my family and my businesses.
To me, wealth is the peace of mind you have, your family, your friends, your colleagues. Everything else is just money, and it really is funny how people pay so much attention to that.
I hope to be remembered as someone who promoted positive change in Mexican business and society - even if this is not currently understood.
Chiapas has had its problems for many centuries. The different Indian tribes that live there have always fought among themselves.
The first responsibility of the state is to guarantee the safety of the people.
Democracy is the only civilized way to govern a country.
In the rest of the world, rich people will give a donation, and businessmen give to charities. But in Mexico, the execution capacity of what we call the social sector is missing. I find it much more effective to set up the actual social organisation and then fund it with my money.
Sometimes big problems are best solved with lots of small and creative solutions.
Kids need activities and role models to stay out of trouble.
Giving teenagers some inspiration, a single role model and an opportunity to be part of something bigger at a critical point in their lives can be the difference between being a productive or being a destructive member of society.
There's a lot of bad information about TV Azteca in the market, but that's always an opportunity for smart and savvy investors.
Fear makes you do stupid things.
