English,Novelist
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors of perception.
The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm.
To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries.
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
An intellectual is a person who's found one thing that's more interesting than sex.
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
One of the great attractions of patriotism - it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous.
Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad.
The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude.
Men do not learn much from the lessons of history and that is the most important of all the lessons of history.
Every man's memory is his private literature.
My fate cannot be mastered; it can only be collaborated with and thereby, to some extent, directed. Nor am I the captain of my soul; I am only its noisiest passenger.
Speed provides the one genuinely modern pleasure.
The quality of moral behavior varies in inverse ratio to the number of human beings involved.
The most valuable of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it has to be done, whether you like it or not.
There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
The worst enemy of life, freedom and the common decencies is total anarchy; their second worst enemy is total efficiency.
Perhaps it's good for one to suffer. Can an artist do anything if he's happy? Would he ever want to do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life?
Consistency is contrary to nature, contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are dead.
People intoxicate themselves with work so they won't see how they really are.
The propagandist's purpose is to make one set of people forget that certain other sets of people are human.
Children are remarkable for their intelligence and ardor, for their curiosity, their intolerance of shams, the clarity and ruthlessness of their vision.
Happiness is a hard master, particularly other people's happiness.
Sons have always a rebellious wish to be disillusioned by that which charmed their fathers.
The most shocking fact about war is that its victims and its instruments are individual human beings, and that these individual beings are condemned by the monstrous conventions of politics to murder or be murdered in quarrels not their own.
The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that, from age to age, nothing changes and yet everything is completely different.
Words, words, words! They shut one off from the universe. Three quarters of the time one's never in contact with things, only with the beastly words that stand for them.
My father considered a walk among the mountains as the equivalent of churchgoing.
If human beings were shown what they're really like, they'd either kill one another as vermin, or hang themselves.
Most of one's life is one prolonged effort to prevent oneself thinking.
The vast majority of human beings dislike and even actually dread all notions with which they are not familiar... Hence it comes about that at their first appearance innovators have generally been persecuted, and always derided as fools and madmen.
A fanatic is a man who consciously over compensates a secret doubt.
Those who believe that they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something.
An unexciting truth may be eclipsed by a thrilling lie.
To his dog, every man is Napoleon; hence the constant popularity of dogs.
There is no substitute for talent. Industry and all its virtues are of no avail.
That all men are equal is a proposition to which, at ordinary times, no sane human being has ever given his assent.
So long as men worship the Caesars and Napoleons, Caesars and Napoleons will duly arise and make them miserable.
The impulse to cruelty is, in many people, almost as violent as the impulse to sexual love - almost as violent and much more mischievous.
Dream in a pragmatic way.
Speed, it seems to me, provides the one genuinely modern pleasure.
Chastity - the most unnatural of all the sexual perversions.
De Sade is the one completely consistent and thoroughgoing revolutionary of history.
We are all geniuses up to the age of ten.
It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous.
Every man who knows how to read has it in his power to magnify himself, to multiply the ways in which he exists, to make his life full, significant and interesting.
The author of the Iliad is either Homer or, if not Homer, somebody else of the same name.
The most distressing thing that can happen to a prophet is to be proved wrong. The next most distressing thing is to be proved right.
A bad book is as much of a labor to write as a good one, it comes as sincerely from the author's soul.
The proper study of mankind is books.
We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look.
From their experience or from the recorded experience of others (history), men learn only what their passions and their metaphysical prejudices allow them to learn.
Proverbs are always platitudes until you have personally experienced the truth of them.
Thought must be divided against itself before it can come to any knowledge of itself.
Like every man of sense and good feeling, I abominate work.
Amour is the one human activity of any importance in which laughter and pleasure preponderate, if ever so slightly, over misery and pain.
Writers write to influence their readers, their preachers, their auditors, but always, at bottom, to be more themselves.
Man is an intelligence in servitude to his organs.
There isn't any formula or method. You learn to love by loving - by paying attention and doing what one thereby discovers has to be done.
Idealism is the noble toga that political gentlemen drape over their will to power.
What we feel and think and are is to a great extent determined by the state of our ductless glands and viscera.
That we are not much sicker and much madder than we are is due exclusively to that most blessed and blessing of all natural graces, sleep.
What with making their way and enjoying what they have won, heroes have no time to think. But the sons of heroes - ah, they have all the necessary leisure.
It's with bad sentiments that one makes good novels.
Orthodoxy is the diehard of the world of thought. It learns not, neither can it forget.
There is something curiously boring about somebody else's happiness.
Habit converts luxurious enjoyments into dull and daily necessities.
Man approaches the unattainable truth through a succession of errors.
Specialized meaninglessness has come to be regarded, in certain circles, as a kind of hallmark of true science.
Official dignity tends to increase in inverse ratio to the importance of the country in which the office is held.
Europe is so well gardened that it resembles a work of art, a scientific theory, a neat metaphysical system. Man has re-created Europe in his own image.
Bondage is the life of personality, and for bondage the personal self will fight with tireless resourcefulness and the most stubborn cunning.
Like every other good thing in this world, leisure and culture have to be paid for. Fortunately, however, it is not the leisured and the cultured who have to pay.
It takes two to make a murder. There are born victims, born to have their throats cut, as the cut-throats are born to be hanged.
God isn't compatible with machinery and scientific medicine and universal happiness. You must make your choice. Our civilization has chosen machinery and medicine and happiness.
