French,Novelist
Until one has loved an animal a part of one's soul remains unawakened.
If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
The whole art of teaching is only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards.
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
Lovers who love truly do not write down their happiness.
The truth is that life is delicious, horrible, charming, frightful, sweet, bitter, and that is everything.
The greatest virtue of man is perhaps curiosity.
All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another.
Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom.
Wandering re-establishes the original harmony which once existed between man and the universe.
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself a fool.
If a million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
Nine tenths of education is encouragement.
An education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know. It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't.
It is better to understand little than to misunderstand a lot.
There are very honest people who do not think that they have had a bargain unless they have cheated a merchant.
Nature has no principles. She makes no distinction between good and evil.
The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
The poor have to labour in the face of the majestic equality of the law, which forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
The good critic is he who relates the adventures of his soul among masterpieces.
Innocence most often is a good fortune and not a virtue.
Never lend books, for no one ever returns them; the only books I have in my library are books that other folks have left me.
What can be more foolish than to think that all this rare fabric of heaven and earth could come by chance, when all the skill of art is not able to make an oyster!
To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all.
The books that everybody admires are those that nobody reads.
What frightens us most in a madman is his sane conversation.
An education which does not cultivate the will is an education that depraves the mind.
One thing above all gives charm to men's thoughts, and this is unrest. A mind that is not uneasy irritates and bores me.
