French,Novelist
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.
If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.
True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the zest of creating things new.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
The time for action is now. It's never too late to do something.
For true love is inexhaustible; the more you give, the more you have. And if you go to draw at the true fountainhead, the more water you draw, the more abundant is its flow.
A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
The meaning of things lies not in the things themselves, but in our attitude towards them.
I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks of himself. To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
Tell me who admires and loves you, and I will tell you who you are.
You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.
A civilization is a heritage of beliefs, customs, and knowledge slowly accumulated in the course of centuries, elements difficult at times to justify by logic, but justifying themselves as paths when they lead somewhere, since they open up for man his inner distance.
And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: it is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Each man must look to himself to teach him the meaning of life. It is not something discovered: it is something molded.
The aeroplane has unveiled for us the true face of the earth.
It is in the compelling zest of high adventure and of victory, and in creative action, that man finds his supreme joys.
Charity never humiliated him who profited from it, nor ever bound him by the chains of gratitude, since it was not to him but to God that the gift was made.
Life has meaning only if one barters it day by day for something other than itself.
He who has gone, so we but cherish his memory, abides with us, more potent, nay, more present than the living man.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
Night, the beloved. Night, when words fade and things come alive. When the destructive analysis of day is done, and all that is truly important becomes whole and sound again. When man reassembles his fragmentary self and grows with the calm of a tree.
The one thing that matters is the effort.
I know but one freedom, and that is the freedom of the mind.
What saves a man is to take a step. Then another step. It is always the same step, but you have to take it.
When you give yourself, you receive more than you give.
