American,Novelist
Empathy is really the opposite of spiritual meanness. It's the capacity to understand that every war is both won and lost. And that someone else's pain is as meaningful as your own.
Sometimes the strength of motherhood is greater than natural laws.
Stop a minute, right where you are. Relax your shoulders, shake your head and spine like a dog shaking off cold water. Tell that imperious voice in your head to be still.
Pain reaches the heart with electrical speed, but truth moves to the heart as slowly as a glacier.
The older I get, the more I appreciate my rural childhood. I spent a lot of time outdoors, unsupervised, which is a blessing.
Good fiction creates empathy. A novel takes you somewhere and asks you to look through the eyes of another person, to live another life.
Few people know so clearly what they want. Most people can't even think what to hope for when they throw a penny in a fountain.
Motherhood is so sentimentalised and romanticised in our culture. It's practically against the law to say there are moments in the day when you hate your children. Everyone actually has those moments.
What keeps you going isn't some fine destination but just the road you're on, and the fact that you know how to drive.
It's surprising how much memory is built around things unnoticed at the time.
The very least you can do in your life is to figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof.
To be hopeful, to embrace one possibility after another that is surely the basic instinct - crying out: High tide! Time to move out into the glorious debris. Time to take this life for what it is!
Memory is a complicated thing, a relative to truth, but not its twin.
Wars and elections are both too big and too small to matter in the long run. The daily work - that goes on, it adds up.
Small change, small wonders - these are the currency of my endurance and ultimately of my life.
What a writer can do, what a fiction writer or a poet or an essay writer can do is re-engage people with their own humanity.
My morning begins with trying not to get up before the sun rises. But when I do, it's because my head is too full of words, and I just need to get to my desk and start dumping them into a file. I always wake with sentences pouring into my head.
People's dreams are made out of what they do all day. The same way a dog that runs after rabbits will dream of rabbits. It's what you do that makes your soul, not the other way around.
It takes some courage to write fiction about politically controversial topics. The dread is you'll be labeled a political writer.
What you lose in blindness is the space around you, the place where you are, and without that you might not exist. You could be nowhere at all.
The important thing isn't the house. It's the ability to make it. You carry that in your brains and in your hands, wherever you go... It's one thing to carry your life wherever you go. Another thing to always go looking for it somewhere else.
Terms like that, 'Humane Society,' are devised with people like me in mind, who don't care to dwell on what happens to the innocent.
I'm of a fearsome mind to throw my arms around every living librarian who crosses my path, on behalf of the souls they never knew they saved.
People in my novels always have terrible problems. If they are not terrible, I make them more terrible.
I think the most interesting parts of human experience might be the sparks that come from that sort of chipping flint of cultures rubbing against each other.
Libraries are the one American institution you shouldn't rip off.
After 'The Poisonwood Bible' was published, several people believed that my parents were missionaries, which could not be further from the truth.
Most every book I bring into the world is like birthing a baby; it's a lot of effort!
The first sentence of a book is a promise.
I live in a rural part of Virginia surrounded by farms and farmers.
When people are frightened about going hungry and paying their mortgages, a scarcity model begins to prevail; they fear someone else will get their piece of the pie.
As a biologist, I can't think of myself as anything but an animal among animals and plant.
You always need that spark of imagination. Sometimes I'm midway through a book before it happens. However, I don't wait for the muse to descend, I sit down every day and I work when I'm not delivering lambs on the farm.
I know I'm a rare person, a trained scientist who writes fiction, because so few contemporary novelists engage with science.
Most of my books have been about the complex ways an individual depends on community.
In the day-to-day, farm work is stress relief for me. At the end of the day, I love having this other career - my anti-job - that keeps me in shape and gives me control over a vegetal domain.
When I sit down to write, I consider myself an artist.
Nonfiction requires enormous discipline. You construct the terms of your story, and then you stick to them.
I was trained in classical piano, but it kind of dawned on me that classical pianists compete for six job openings a year, and the rest of us get to play 'Blue Moon' in a hotel lobby.
I don't bring expectations to any of my books. I don't tell people what to do. I want to invite them in.
I live in southern Appalachia, so I'm surrounded by people who work very hard for barely a living wage. It's particularly painful that people are working the farms their parents and grandparents worked but aren't living nearly as well.
Southern Appalachians have been ridiculed since the country began. In fiction, they're usually depicted in a cartoonish manner. The region is poor, and very suspicious of outsiders, so there's a sort of 'us versus them' situation. They're easy to poke fun at.
