Novelist
Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
So long as you have food in your mouth, you have solved all questions for the time being.
Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable.
Every revolution evaporates and leaves behind only the slime of a new bureaucracy.
By believing passionately in something that still does not exist, we create it. The nonexistent is whatever we have not sufficiently desired.
Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
Productivity is being able to do things that you were never able to do before.
My peers, lately, have found companionship through means of intoxication - it makes them sociable. I, however, cannot force myself to use drugs to cheat on my loneliness - it is all that I have - and when the drugs and alcohol dissipate, will be all that my peers have as well.
A book should serve as the ax for the frozen sea within us.
You do not need to leave your room. Remain sitting at your table and listen. Do not even listen, simply wait, be quiet still and solitary. The world will freely offer itself to you to be unmasked, it has no choice, it will roll in ecstasy at your feet.
There are only two things. Truth and lies. Truth is indivisible, hence it cannot recognize itself; anyone who wants to recognize it has to be a lie.
Suffering is the positive element in this world, indeed it is the only link between this world and the positive.
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached.
God gives the nuts, but he does not crack them.
If I shall exist eternally, how shall I exist tomorrow?
A first sign of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die.
Martyrs do not underrate the body, they allow it to be elevated on the cross. In this they are at one with their antagonists.
The spirit becomes free only when it ceases to be a support.
My 'fear' is my substance, and probably the best part of me.
Anyone who cannot come to terms with his life while he is alive needs one hand to ward off a little his despair over his fate... but with his other hand he can note down what he sees among the ruins.
In a certain sense the Good is comfortless.
The mediation by the serpent was necessary. Evil can seduce man, but cannot become man.
Atlas was permitted the opinion that he was at liberty, if he wished, to drop the Earth and creep away; but this opinion was all that he was permitted.
Idleness is the beginning of all vice, the crown of all virtues.
You can hold yourself back from the sufferings of the world, that is something you are free to do and it accords with your nature, but perhaps this very holding back is the one suffering you could avoid.
It is often safer to be in chains than to be free.
How can one take delight in the world unless one flees to it for refuge?
If there is a transmigration of souls then I am not yet on the bottom rung. My life is a hesitation before birth.
It is not necessary that you leave the house. Remain at your table and listen. Do not even listen, only wait. Do not even wait, be wholly still and alone. The world will present itself to you for its unmasking, it can do no other, in ecstasy it will writhe at your feet.
In argument similes are like songs in love; they describe much, but prove nothing.
The thornbush is the old obstacle in the road. It must catch fire if you want to go further.
The indestructible is one: it is each individual human being and, at the same time, it is common to all, hence the incomparably indivisible union that exists between human beings.
Test yourself on mankind. It is something that makes the doubter doubt, the believer believe.
Don Quixote's misfortune is not his imagination, but Sancho Panza.
We are sinful not only because we have eaten of the Tree of Knowledge, but also because we have not yet eaten of the Tree of Life. The state in which we are is sinful, irrespective of guilt.
Hiding places there are innumerable, escape is only one, but possibilities of escape, again, are as many as hiding places.
Always first draw fresh breath after outbursts of vanity and complacency.
In theory there is a possibility of perfect happiness: To believe in the indestructible element within one, and not to strive towards it.
A stair not worn hollow by footsteps is, regarded from its own point of view, only a boring something made of wood.
If it had been possible to build the Tower of Babel without climbing it, it would have been permitted.
Woman, or more precisely put, perhaps, marriage, is the representative of life with which you are meant to come to terms.
Sensual love deceives one as to the nature of heavenly love; it could not do so alone, but since it unconsciously has the element of heavenly love within it, it can do so.
We all have wings, but they have not been of any avail to us and if we could tear them off, we would do so.
There is nothing besides a spiritual world; what we call the world of the senses is the Evil in the spiritual world, and what we call Evil is only the necessity of a moment in our eternal evolution.
Let me remind you of the old maxim: people under suspicion are better moving than at rest, since at rest they may be sitting in the balance without knowing it, being weighed together with their sins.
We are separated from God on two sides; the Fall separates us from Him, the Tree of Life separates Him from us.
The experience of life consists of the experience which the spirit has of itself in matter and as matter, in mind and as mind, in emotion, as emotion, etc.
No sooner said than done - so acts your man of worth.
My guiding principle is this: Guilt is never to be doubted.
Don't despair, not even over the fact that you don't despair.
In the struggle between yourself and the world second the world.
The fact that our task is exactly commensurate with our life gives it the appearance of being infinite.
Dread of night. Dread of not-night.
Heaven is dumb, echoing only the dumb.
The decisive moment in human evolution is perpetual. That is why the revolutionary spiritual movements that declare all former things worthless are in the right, for nothing has yet happened.
