Cuban,Novelist
When I write, the first blank page, or any blank page, means nothing to me. What means something is a page that has been filled with words.
You are just in the middle of a struggle with words which are really very stubborn things, with a blank page, with the damn thing that you use to write with, a pen or a typewriter, and you forget all about the reader when you are doing that.
American literature had always considered writing a very serious matter.
Many of my books have begun with the title, because naming a work already in progress makes no sense to me.
For me, literature is a complex game, both mental and concrete, which is acted out in a physical manner on the page.
I am the only British writer who writes in Spanish.
I do not consider myself a Hispanic writer.
I live in London and I am a British subject, although I do write in Spanish, of course.
A very wise author once said that a writer writes for himself, and then publishes for money. I write for myself and publish just for the reader.
But I do not have the reader in mind when I write. No true writer does that.
The relationship between reader and characters is very difficult. It is even more peculiar than the relationship between the writer and his characters.
Puns are a form of humor with words.
I think writers rush in where everybody is very frightened to tread.
Writers rush in where publishers fear to tread and where translators fear to tread.
I believe that writers, unless they consider themselves terribly exquisite, are at heart people who live by night, a little bit outside society, moving between delinquency and conformity.
I was never a true journalist, I was a movie critic.
I wrote for a weekly magazine and then edited a literary magazine, but I did not really feel comfortable with the profession of journalism itself.
I was able to read a movie before I was able to read a book.
Watching a movie from beginning to end is like reading, because even though what you see are images, they are telling you a story.
There were influences in my life that were more important than journalism, such as comic strips and radio.
I was an avid radio fan when I was a boy, as well as a great lover of comic strips.
I read the Odyssey because it was the story of a man who returned home after being absent for more than twenty years and was recognized only by his dog.
I don't have any style.
I am against the notion of style in itself.
I am a writer of fragments.
I describe my works as books, but my publishers in Spain, in the United States, and elsewhere insist on calling them novels.
