French,Novelist
The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness.
It is easy to sit up and take notice, What is difficult is getting up and taking action.
The man as he converses is the lover; silent, he is the husband.
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea.
Nobody loves a woman because she is handsome or ugly, stupid or intelligent. We love because we love.
Laws are spider webs through which the big flies pass and the little ones get caught.
True love is eternal, infinite, and always like itself. It is equal and pure, without violent demonstrations: it is seen with white hairs and is always young in the heart.
There is no such thing as a great talent without great will power.
Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on earth can ever turn it into a fact.
One should believe in marriage as in the immortality of the soul.
Clouds symbolize the veils that shroud God.
The motto of chivalry is also the motto of wisdom; to serve all, but love only one.
In diving to the bottom of pleasure we bring up more gravel than pearls.
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
The more one judges, the less one loves.
Love has its own instinct, finding the way to the heart, as the feeblest insect finds the way to its flower, with a will which nothing can dismay nor turn aside.
Marriage must incessantly contend with a monster that devours everything: familiarity.
The art of motherhood involves much silent, unobtrusive self-denial, an hourly devotion which finds no detail too minute.
The fact is that love is of two kinds, one which commands, and one which obeys. The two are quite distinct, and the passion to which the one gives rise is not the passion of the other.
A mother's happiness is like a beacon, lighting up the future but reflected also on the past in the guise of fond memories.
An unfulfilled vocation drains the color from a man's entire existence.
Behind every great fortune lies a great crime.
Study lends a kind of enchantment to all our surroundings.
A good husband is never the first to go to sleep at night or the last to awake in the morning.
Great love affairs start with Champagne and end with tisane.
Finance, like time, devours its own children.
The habits of life form the soul, and the soul forms the countenance.
The most virtuous women have something within them, something that is never chaste.
A lover always thinks of his mistress first and himself second; with a husband it runs the other way.
Modesty is the conscience of the body.
Virtue, perhaps, is nothing more than politeness of soul.
Lovers have a way of using this word, nothing, which implies exactly the opposite.
Excess of joy is harder to bear than any amount of sorrow.
To those who have exhausted politics, nothing remains but abstract thought.
Nature makes only dumb animals. We owe the fools to society.
Love is a game in which one always cheats.
Old maids, having never bent their temper or their lives to other lives and other tempers, as woman's destiny requires, have for the most part a mania for making everything about them bend to them.
We exaggerate misfortune and happiness alike. We are never as bad off or as happy as we say we are.
First love is a kind of vaccination which saves a man from catching the complaint the second time.
Power is not revealed by striking hard or often, but by striking true.
Passion is universal humanity. Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless.
There is something great and terrible about suicide.
Suicide, moreover, was at the time in vogue in Paris: what more suitable key to the mystery of life for a skeptical society?
A grocer is attracted to his business by a magnetic force as great as the repulsion which renders it odious to artists.
Chance, my dear, is the sovereign deity in child-bearing.
But reason always cuts a poor figure beside sentiment; the one being essentially restricted, like everything that is positive, while the other is infinite.
Many men are deeply moved by the mere semblance of suffering in a woman; they take the look of pain for a sign of constancy or of love.
It would be curious to know what leads a man to become a stationer rather than a baker, when he is no longer compelled, as among the Egyptians, to succeed to his father's craft.
Those who spend too fast never grow rich.
It is as absurd to say that a man can't love one woman all the time as it is to say that a violinist needs several violins to play the same piece of music.
At fifteen, beauty and talent do not exist; there can only be promise of the coming woman.
Conscience is our unerring judge until we finally stifle it.
Women are tenacious, and all of them should be tenacious of respect; without esteem they cannot exist; esteem is the first demand that they make of love.
If those who are the enemies of innocent amusements had the direction of the world, they would take away the spring, and youth, the former from the year, the latter from human life.
Nothing is a greater impediment to being on good terms with others than being ill at ease with yourself.
Vocations which we wanted to pursue, but didn't, bleed, like colors, on the whole of our existence.
To kill a relative of whom you are tired is something. But to inherit his property afterwards, that is genuine pleasure.
Power is action; the electoral principle is discussion. No political action is possible when discussion is permanently established.
What is a child, monsieur, but the image of two beings, the fruit of two sentiments spontaneously blended?
Manners are the hypocrisy of a nation.
Ideas devour the ages as men are devoured by their passions. When man is cured, human nature will cure itself perhaps.
Towns find it as hard as houses of business to rise again from ruin.
Wisdom is that apprehension of heavenly things to which the spirit rises through love.
It is only in the act of nursing that a woman realizes her motherhood in visible and tangible fashion; it is a joy of every moment.
A husband who submits to his wife's yoke is justly held an object of ridicule. A woman's influence ought to be entirely concealed.
The country is provincial; it becomes ridiculous when it tries to ape Paris.
Death unites as well as separates; it silences all paltry feeling.
A flow of words is a sure sign of duplicity.
A man is a poor creature compared to a woman.
When law becomes despotic, morals are relaxed, and vice versa.
The man whose action habitually bears the stamp of his mind is a genius, but the greatest genius is not always equal to himself, or he would cease to be human.
Small natures require despotism to exercise their sinews, as great souls thirst for equality to give play to their heart.
Men die in despair, while spirits die in ecstasy.
Between the daylight gambler and the player at night there is the same difference that lies between a careless husband and the lover swooning under his lady's window.
Thought is a key to all treasures; the miser's gains are ours without his cares. Thus I have soared above this world, where my enjoyment have been intellectual joys.
The life of a man who deliberately runs through his fortune often becomes a business speculation; his friends, his pleasures, patrons, and acquaintances are his capital.
When Religion and Royalty are swept away, the people will attack the great, and after the great, they will fall upon the rich.
Children, dear and loving children, can alone console a woman for the loss of her beauty.
