American,Novelist
If moderation is a fault, then indifference is a crime.
The only people for me are the mad ones: the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who... burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow Roman candles.
Maybe that's what life is... a wink of the eye and winking stars.
Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion.
My fault, my failure, is not in the passions I have, but in my lack of control of them.
All human beings are also dream beings. Dreaming ties all mankind together.
I had nothing to offer anybody except my own confusion.
Mankind is like dogs, not gods - as long as you don't get mad they'll bite you - but stay mad and you'll never be bitten. Dogs don't respect humility and sorrow.
My witness is the empty sky.
Our battered suitcases were piled on the sidewalk again; we had longer ways to go. But no matter, the road is life.
Avoid the world, it's just a lot of dust and drag and means nothing in the end.
Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
All our best men are laughed at in this nightmare land.
I hope it is true that a man can die and yet not only live in others but give them life, and not only life, but that great consciousness of life.
My story is endless. I put in a teletype roll, you know, you know what they are, you have them in newspapers, and run it through there and fix the margins and just go, go - just go, go, go.
I got all my boyhood in vanilla winter waves around the kitchen stove.
You can't teach the old maestro a new tune.
The Catholic Church is a weird church. Much mysticism is sown broadspread from its ritual mysteries till it extends into the very lives of its constituents and parishoners.
Symbolism is alright in 'fiction,' but I tell true life stories simply about what happened to people I knew.
As you get older, you get more... genealogical.
It is not my fault that certain so-called bohemian elements have found in my writings something to hang their peculiar beatnik theories on.
All of life is a foreign country.
All my editors since Malcolm Cowley have had instructions to leave my prose exactly as I wrote it. In the days of Malcolm Cowley, with 'On the Road' and 'The Dharma Bums', I had no power to stand by my style for better or for worse.
My father and my mother and my sister and I have always voted Republican, always.
I really hate to write.
A pain stabbed my heart as it did every time I saw a girl I loved who was going the opposite direction in this too-big world.
