Polish,Novelist
It is not the clear-sighted who rule the world. Great achievements are accomplished in a blessed, warm fog.
Who knows what true loneliness is - not the conventional word but the naked terror? To the lonely themselves it wears a mask. The most miserable outcast hugs some memory or some illusion.
There is nothing more enticing, disenchanting, and enslaving than the life at sea.
The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary; men alone are quite capable of every wickedness.
Going home must be like going to render an account.
Facing it, always facing it, that's the way to get through. Face it.
This magnificent butterfly finds a little heap of dirt and sits still on it; but man will never on his heap of mud keep still.
History repeats itself, but the special call of an art which has passed away is never reproduced. It is as utterly gone out of the world as the song of a destroyed wild bird.
They talk of a man betraying his country, his friends, his sweetheart. There must be a moral bond first. All a man can betray is his conscience.
For all that has been said of the love that certain natures (on shore) have professed for it, for all the celebrations it has been the object of in prose and song, the sea has never been friendly to man. At most it has been the accomplice of human restlessness.
Resignation, not mystic, not detached, but resignation open-eyed, conscious, and informed by love, is the only one of our feelings for which it is impossible to become a sham.
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life.
The sea - this truth must be confessed - has no generosity. No display of manly qualities - courage, hardihood, endurance, faithfulness - has ever been known to touch its irresponsible consciousness of power.
Words, as is well known, are the great foes of reality.
Only in men's imagination does every truth find an effective and undeniable existence. Imagination, not invention, is the supreme master of art as of life.
Truth of a modest sort I can promise you, and also sincerity. That complete, praiseworthy sincerity which, while it delivers one into the hands of one's enemies, is as likely as not to embroil one with one's friends.
In order to move others deeply we must deliberately allow ourselves to be carried away beyond the bounds of our normal sensibility.
He who wants to persuade should put his trust not in the right argument, but in the right word. The power of sound has always been greater than the power of sense.
You shall judge a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
The conquest of the earth, which mostly means the taking it away from those who have a different complexion or slightly flatter noses than ourselves, is not a pretty thing when you look into it too much.
Any work that aspires, however humbly, to the condition of art should carry its justification in every line.
As to honor - you know - it's a very fine mediaeval inheritance which women never got hold of. It wasn't theirs.
It is a maudlin and indecent verity that comes out through the strength of wine.
A man that is born falls into a dream like a man who falls into the sea. If he tries to climb out into the air as inexperienced people endeavor to do, he drowns.
To have his path made clear for him is the aspiration of every human being in our beclouded and tempestuous existence.
The sea has never been friendly to man. At most it has been the accomplice of human restlessness.
A man's real life is that accorded to him in the thoughts of other men by reason of respect or natural love.
Some great men owe most of their greatness to the ability of detecting in those they destine for their tools the exact quality of strength that matters for their work.
