Singaporean,Novelist
I've always been drawn to the Edwardian period in England. To me, it seems like such a fascinating time, when the British Empire was at the height of its powers and the strict mores of the Victorian age were dissipating into the decadence of King Edward's reign.
One of the dreams on my wish list is to spend more time in Thailand.
I think snobbery is one of the oldest customs in the world, and the rich will always find ways to rank each other and make themselves feel more special than others.
No matter our background, we all have crazy families.
Asian literature is evolving with the people. It's always a reflection on what's happening to the culture at large.
My grandmother used to get her shoes made in Paris in the '30s, and they would be shipped to her in Singapore.
Even if they're not Asian or super rich... everyone has a nagging mother. Everyone has that obnoxious uncle, or that cousin who's a bit too snobby.
I was born in Singapore, and I lived there until I was 12. I had a very fortunate upbringing.
In Asia, it's customary to get together with your entire extended family on a regular basis, and it's all rife with politics.
I'm not revealing any deep, hidden secret that there are wealthy people in Asia.
I sort of wanted to reveal this other side of Asia: Southeast Asia, where the Chinese have been wealthy for generations and have different ways of relating to money. I wanted to sort of reveal this world to readers.
I do believe that peoples' natures can be changed, and they have to be changed if we want to live in this modern world and be a part of it.
To me, families are fascinating. I choose to explore it through comedy and through comic situations.
I've recently rediscovered Anthony Trollope. I used to read him back in college, and a friend turned me on to a whole new series of his work, 'The Palliser Series.' It's a series of seven or eight books.
There's always been this tradition of satirizing these rich groups of people.
'China rich' is the new 'crazy rich.' It's a new level of outrageousness. It comes from this world where overnight fortunes have been made, but the fortunes are so ginormous compared to anything we've ever seen in the history of the world.
If you're the water boiler king of China, you're selling a billion water boilers.
Especially in the West, people want to understand Asia on a deeper level because it's become the engine of the world economy, like it or not.
The characters that populate my books are global nomads in their own right, keeping multiple homes around the world and constantly jet-setting to new places.
My books are comedies; I want to take my readers on a jet-setting romp, make them laugh, make them swoon at the beautiful settings, and maybe even make their mouths water at all the food.
If I were to generalize a bit, I would say that the ultra rich in Asia live on a scale that far surpasses the wealthy in the U.S. or Europe.
I've lived in New York City for over twenty years now, and every single day is like a new adventure. At this point, there are many places I'd love to visit, but I can't imagine living anywhere else on the planet.
Canada has become such a staging area for Chinese money.
Old money in Southeast Asia is much more discrete and low key. It's about not wearing brand names. It's about being invisible, almost. The billionaire can be taking the bus with you.
People have always been fascinated by the foibles of the wealthy and privileged.
All Americans knew was 'The Joy Luck Club' and children of dry cleaners trying to assimilate. The Asia that I was seeing was a world of people who are incredibly sophisticated, and I wanted to represent that side.
It's human nature when you first make your big fortune to want to show off a bit. I don't begrudge that whatsoever.
My father came from old money. There was less of an expectation for the children to earn a living.
I spent the first 12 years of my life growing up in Singapore. Back then, in the early '80s, it was still a tropical island at the tip of the Malay Peninsula striving to shine on the world stage.
As a child, I could bike down the hill from my house and grab an ice-cold bottle of soda from the neighborhood grocer, which was nothing more than a corrugated metal shack run by two Indian men clad in sarongs.
I know an elderly society matron in Singapore who would rather walk in the scorching sun for blocks on end rather than have her chauffeur drive into the Central Business District at peak hour and pay the $1.50 surcharge.
I go to Shenzhen, China, and am taken to a vast luxury spa with a hundred leather recliners and a hundred accompanying plasma screen televisions bolted to the ceiling.
The most important thing to keep in mind is the incredible diversity of talent that's out there - there are so many great actors from all over Asia, from Singapore and Hong Kong to the Philippines and Mainland China, not to mention many great Asian-American actors who are eager for fun and challenging roles.
In Singapore, there may be 50 old-money families, but you wouldn't know them to look at them.
Such huge money has been made in China - it can be hundreds of millions in a year - and there's a need to validate it by showing what they can buy and how much of it.
At least when it comes to food, there's no snobbery in Singapore.
