American,Novelist
I quickly realized that shopping on Amazon had made the idea of parking my car and going into a store feel like an outrageous imposition on my time and good nature.
I survived many a youth hostel bunk room reading Tolstoy by flashlight.
There's something uniquely exhilarating about puzzling together the truth at the hands of an unreliable narrator.
After decades spent in rewrite rooms surrounded by other shouting writers, I discovered that I work best alone. I like being in charge of my time, working out the problems according to my own rhythms and being able to nap. That's a big one, the napping on demand!
My talent isn't so much in traditional research as in finding really smart people and badgering them with questions.
I always write authors after I read their books. I've been doing it for years. I write a formal letter and send it to them in care of their agent. My mother always taught us to write thank you notes, and if an author puts themselves out there, they like to hear that their book connected with someone.
An artist must create. If she doesn't, she will become a menace to society.
I love epistolary novels and became wildly excited when the form presented itself to me.
My summer reading suggestion: Pick a really famous, really long novel.
I think a novel has to be about where you are at a given moment in time. I think it really needs to represent some specific pain you're going through. it's not just a story.
Ruthless concern with story is what I learned in television.
And dialogue, I'm good at it, and it's because it's the only thing you have to work with in TV writing.
I drop my kid off at school and then race home, and it's a very limited time. I can only do really serious writing for a couple of hours. And then I always go on a walk, I do a one-to-two-hour walk; I don't go running or hard hiking.
On my walks, that's when the good ideas come. The kind of hard, gritty work is when you're sitting at the computer and it's kind of intense and you're kind of in super control of it - the walks are when you let go. That's when the really big breakthroughs come in, and it's very strange.
In a lot of ways, TV writing taught me how to be a good storyteller. I learned about dialogue, scenes, moving the plot forward.
My father was a screenwriter, and I kind of grew up in that world.
'Mad About You' fit my sensibility the most of any show that I worked on, and as a result, it was really fun. It felt like a very natural fit.
I think because I try to keep things as real as I can, or I try to start from a place of reality, I almost don't have the imagination to write a book that's not set where I am.
I think that's the most important job of a novelist - to bring authority to their writing.
I keep an elaborate calendar for my characters detailing on which dates everything happens. I'm constantly revising this as I go along. It gives me the freedom to intricately plot my story, knowing it will at least hold up on a timeline.
There's a happiness that comes from writing that I won't live without.
My first novel didn't sell well. It was really painful and humiliating and shocking to me.
My strength as a TV writer was my total lack of interest in television.
In TV writing, I felt like Gulliver being tied down by the Lilliputians. There's so much more freedom in fiction writing.
I learned that comedy is born out of strong characters. I won't begin writing a character until I have a clear take on them.
I never understood the concept of a fluffy summer read. For me, summer reading means beaches, long train rides and layovers in foreign airports. All of which call for escaping into really long books.
I attended TED in 2007 and 2008, the last two years the conference was held in Monterey.
When I came back from my first TED, very few people knew what it was. But around the time I was sitting down to write 'Where'd You Go, Bernadette,' in 2010, TED was exploding.
If you're an artist and you're on Twitter, you are doomed to mediocrity.
Creating art is painful. It takes time, practice, and the courage to stand alone.
I guess that's what art is: Turning something painful into something people can relate to.
When you need a good laugh, do you reach for a book? I don't. I expect books to move me deeply and submerge me in another reality. So when a novel makes me roar with laughter, it's always a delightful surprise.
On Jan. 1, 2012, I resolved to not buy anything from Amazon for a year.
We need to preserve our neighborhoods, our small business, our local economy.
This is Seattle. We're supposed to have superior taste.
When I graduated high school, I was one of many English-majors-to-be traveling through Europe with a copy of 'Let's Go Europe' in one hand, 'Anna Karenina' in the other, a Eurail pass for a bookmark.
'Where'd You Go, Bernadette' is an epistolary novel - one told in letters. I had no idea how much fun it would be, puzzling together the plot with letters and documents.
The one constant in my life has been my love of books: reading them, thinking about them, talking about them, holding them, turning people on to new ones.
'Where'd You Go, Bernadette' was surprisingly easy and fun to write because I was feeling such strong emotions.
When I wrote for TV, I was always thinking in terms of character and story. After fifteen years, it became hard-wired in me.
I must say, it was a lot easier writing novels than I thought it would be. I think it's because I'm a novelist at heart, and it took me a while to figure that out.
Both 'Where'd You Go, Bernadette' and my first novel, 'This One is Mine,' are pretty complex on a story level, and fun reads as a result.
