Chinese,Novelist
A writer should express criticism and indignation at the dark side of society and the ugliness of human nature, but we should not use one uniform expression.
Loneliness and hunger were my fortunes of creation.
I heard so many stories from Gaomi's peasants that I had an irrepressible urge to write them down. Today, Gaomi's peasants know that they have become famous around the world through my writings, but I think they are a little puzzled by this.
For a country boy, poor as I was, whose constant worry was to be able to have enough to eat, the Army guaranteed one's survival.
When someone forces me to do something I don't do it.
I think writers write for their consciences, they write for their own true audiences, for their souls.
No person writes to win awards.
I think that China has many outstanding authors, and their great works should also be recognised by the world.
My works are Chinese literature, which is part of world literature. They show the life of Chinese people as well as the country's unique culture and folk customs.
I'll continue on the path I've been taking, feet on the ground, describing people's lives, describing people's emotions, writing from the standpoint of the ordinary people.
One of the biggest problems in literature is the lack of subtlety.
A writer should bury his thoughts deep and convey them through the characters in his novel.
I write about my region, the countryside in which I grew up.
I have always been independent.
I am also well aware that literature only has a minimal influence on political disputes or economic crises in the world, but its significance to human beings is ancient.
When literature exists, perhaps we do not notice how important it is, but when it does not exist, our lives become coarsened and brutal. For this reason, I am proud of my profession, but also aware of its importance.
Possibly because I've lived so much of my life in difficult circumstances, I think I have a more profound understanding of life.
I know what real courage is, and I understand true compassion.
