Egyptian,Novelist
The writer interweaves a story with his own doubts, questions, and values. That is art.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
I love Sufism as I love beautiful poetry, but it is not the answer. Sufism is like a mirage in the desert. It says to you, come and sit, relax and enjoy yourself for a while.
I was a government employee in the morning and a writer in the evening.
An allegory is not meant to be taken literally. There is a great lack of comprehension on the part of some readers.
I defend both the freedom of expression and society's right to counter it. I must pay the price for differing. It is the natural way of things.
Events at home, at work, in the street - these are the bases for a story.
Without literature my life would be miserable.
It's clearly more important to treat one's fellow man well than to be always praying and fasting and touching one's head to a prayer mat.
I consider Khomeini's position dangerous. He does not have the right to pass judgment-that is not the Islamic way.
I was reading a lot of books I admired, and thought that I would like to write something like that someday.
It is simply not part of my culture to preserve notes. I have never heard of a writer preserving his early drafts.
If the urge to write should ever leave me, I want that day to be my last.
The Arab world also won the Nobel with me. I believe that international doors have opened, and that from now on, literate people will consider Arab literature also. We deserve that recognition.
I started writing while I was a little boy. Maybe it's because I was reading a lot of books I admired, and thought that I would like to write something like that someday. Also, my love for good writing pushed me.
According to Islamic principles, when a man is accused of heresy, he is given the choice between repentance and punishment.
As the tension eases, we must look in the direction of agriculture, industry and education as our final goals, and toward democracy under Mr Mubarak.
At my age it is unseemly to be pessimistic.
God did not intend religion to be an exercise club.
History is full of people who went to prison or were burned at the stake for proclaiming their ideas. Society has always defended itself.
Hosni Mubarak... his constitution is not democratic, but he is democratic. We can voice our opinions now. The press is free.
I accepted the interviews and encounters that had to be held with the media, but I would have preferred to work in peace.
I am practically in the employ of Mr. Nobel. I have to meet everyone he sends my way.
I believe society has a right to defend itself, just as the individual has the right to attack that with which he disagrees.
I didn't make any money from my writing until much later. I published about 80 stories for nothing. I spent on literature.
I reject any path which rejects life, but I can't help loving Sufism because it sounds so beautiful. It gives relief in the midst of battle.
