American,Novelist
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind.
Words - so innocent and powerless as they are, as standing in a dictionary, how potent for good and evil they become in the hands of one who knows how to combine them.
The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove one's self a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed.
Love, whether newly born, or aroused from a deathlike slumber, must always create sunshine, filling the heart so full of radiance, this it overflows upon the outward world.
Mountains are earth's undecaying monuments.
Every individual has a place to fill in the world and is important in some respect whether he chooses to be so or not.
Our Creator would never have made such lovely days, and have given us the deep hearts to enjoy them, above and beyond all thought, unless we were meant to be immortal.
Moonlight is sculpture.
Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature.
Accuracy is the twin brother of honesty; inaccuracy, of dishonesty.
What other dungeon is so dark as one's own heart! What jailer so inexorable as one's self!
No man for any considerable period can wear one face to himself and another to the multitude, without finally getting bewildered as to which may be the true.
Sunlight is painting.
A pure hand needs no glove to cover it.
What we call real estate - the solid ground to build a house on - is the broad foundation on which nearly all the guilt of this world rests.
It contributes greatly towards a man's moral and intellectual health, to be brought into habits of companionship with individuals unlike himself, who care little for his pursuits, and whose sphere and abilities he must go out of himself to appreciate.
We sometimes congratulate ourselves at the moment of waking from a troubled dream; it may be so the moment after death.
A stale article, if you dip it in a good, warm, sunny smile, will go off better than a fresh one that you've scowled upon.
We must not always talk in the market-place of what happens to us in the forest.
Caresses, expressions of one sort or another, are necessary to the life of the affections as leaves are to the life of a tree. If they are wholly restrained, love will die at the roots.
A hero cannot be a hero unless in a heroic world.
You can get assent to almost any proposition so long as you are not going to do anything about it.
Life is made up of marble and mud.
In our nature, however, there is a provision, alike marvelous and merciful, that the sufferer should never know the intensity of what he endures by its present torture, but chiefly by the pang that rankles after it.
The world owes all its onward impulses to men ill at ease. The happy man inevitably confines himself within ancient limits.
