American,Novelist
If you are a certain kind of hands-on learner and have been in a writers room and know how scripts get made, and you know what pre-production is, then mostly it's making sure the actors get what they need, and you are providing creative oversight while allowing room for everyone else to own the material, too.
If there was one overarching theme to 'True Detective,' I would say it was that, as human beings, we are nothing but the stories we live and die by - so you'd better be careful what stories you tell yourself.
You just do the best you can, and when you're able to connect with people, and when you do, it's just incredibly gratifying.
If I write scripts that nobody likes, I don't think we'll be doing 'True Detective.'
The conspiracies that I've researched and encountered, they seem to happen very ad hoc: they become conspiracies when it's necessary to have a conspiracy.
For me, the worst writing generally just 'flips' things: this person's really a traitor; it was all a dream; etc. Nothing is so ruinous as a forced 'twist,' I think.
I made 'True Detective' like it was going to be the only thing I ever made for television. So put in everything and the kitchen sink. Everything.
I was raised by television. It was my first cultural window. It was a constant companion.
Art was always for me an escape and a way to relate to the world around me.
It's better to not have a reputation than a bad one.
I don't think you can create effectively toward expectation. I'm not in the service business.
If landscape is a character for me, then it helps if I'm familiar with it and I already have a take on it.
For me as a storyteller, I want to follow the characters and the story through what they organically demand.
There's never been anything I didn't love that I didn't connect with on a personal level because, to some degree, I projected upon it.
I was raised in a heavily Catholic family. Early and consistent encounters with mysticism.
I read 'The Conspiracy Against the Human Race' and found it incredibly powerful writing. For me as a reader, it was less impactful as philosophy than as one writer's ultimate confessional: an absolute horror story, where the self is the monster.
You know how people say that young people feel immortal? I don't know what they're talking about. I was planning for how I would deal with my death in good conscience well before I even hit puberty.
When you're a confused 19-year-old filled with questions you can't even articulate and a kind of black rage that feeds at your heart from the moment you wake up in the morning, and you discover Marcus Aurelius' 'The Meditations,' that changes your life.
I'd want to bring a flamethrower to faculty meetings. The preciousness of academics and their fragile personalities would not be tolerated in any other business in the known universe.
I didn't come to Hollywood to be subservient to anyone else's vision.
Whatever I watched, whatever I loved in 36 years of life on Earth, probably had some influence on me.
Often, what allows someone to behave heroically in dire circumstances is unpalatable in day-to-day life.
Most television shows are going to require an actor sign up from four to six years, but an anthology show really amounts to five or six months at the most. I thought serious actors might be attracted to that.
I enjoy a third act, and I like stories with ending. A lot of my frustration with serialized storytelling is a lot of shows don't have a third act. They have an endless second act, and then they find out it's their last year and often have to hustle to invent a third act, but they were never necessarily organically meaning to begin with.
In the summer of 2010, I was working on a version of 'True Detective' that I was thinking might be my next novel, and it was told in these two first-person voices; Cohle and Hart's voices.
Nothing in the television show 'True Detective' was plagiarized.
