American,Novelist
I really practiced hard and got to a certain level of technical proficiency. I overcame some of my limitations. I was a hard-working, dedicated bassoonist, but I have to say I'm not a natural musician.
I hadn't played any music since freshman year of college, more than thirty years ago, so I had to relearn everything. I started writing songs. Some were dance and trance songs (I listen to them a lot while I'm writing), and some were love songs, because that after all is what music is about - dancing and trancing and love and love's setbacks.
Printed books usually outlive bookstores and the publishers who brought them out. They sit around, demanding nothing, for decades. That's one of their nicest qualities - their brute persistence.
Spoon the sauce over the ice cream. It will harden. This is what you have been working for.
First, if you love the Kindle and it works for you, it isn't problematic, and you should ignore all my criticisms and read the way you want to read.
Until a friend or relative has applied a particular proverb to your own life, or until you've watched him apply the proverb to his own life, it has no power to sway you.
I keep thinking I'll enjoy suspense novels, and sometimes I do. I've read about 20 Dick Francis novels.
Haven't you felt a peculiar sort of worry about the chair in your living room that no one sits in?
I no longer want to live in an apartment furnished with forklifts and backhoes.
Rarely do pens go dry in restaurants.
That was the problem with reading: you always had to pick up again at the very thing that had made you stop reading the day before.
For me, as a beginning novelist, all other living writers form a control group for whom the world is a placebo.
Shoes are the first adult machines we are given to master.
I don't do all that well in the writerly world. I'm happier being outside the flow.
The music wasn't going to happen, and I realized I had read so little. I didn't know my way around any century. I was very under read.
I was very shy and somewhat awkward. I studied too hard. And to have this exciting dorm life was a whole new thing.
When I really want to be soothed and reminded of why people bother to fiddle with sentences, I often read poetry.
Many good poets are really essayists who write very short essays.
E.B. White's essays are the best things I've read about Maine - especially the one in which he's not sure if he can go out sailing any more in his sloop.
The nice thing about a protest song is that it takes the complaint, the fussing, the finger-pointing, and gives it an added component of sociable harmony.
You can register a political objection in a number of ways.
I ordered a Kindle 2 from Amazon. How could I not? There were banner ads for it all over the Web. Whenever I went to the Amazon Web site, I was urged to buy one.
I've never been a fast reader. I'm fickle; I don't finish books I start; I put a book aside for five, ten years and then take it up again.
True, the name of the product wasn't so great. Kindle? It was cute and sinister at the same time - worse than Edsel, or Probe, or Microsoft's Bob. But one forgives a bad name. One even comes to be fond of a bad name, if the product itself is delightful.
Maybe the Kindle was the Bowflex of bookishness: something expensive that, when you commit to it, forces you to do more of whatever it is you think you should be doing more of.
While I was writing I assumed it would be published under a pseudonym, and that liberated me: what I wrote was exactly what I wanted to read.
