American,Novelist
The highest prize in a world of men is the most beautiful woman available on your arm and living there in her heart loyal to you.
Masculinity is not something given to you, but something you gain. And you gain it by winning small battles with honor.
Obsession is the single most wasteful human activity, because with an obsession you keep coming back and back and back to the same question and never get an answer.
With the pride of the artist, you must blow against the walls of every power that exists the small trumpet of your defiance.
Ultimately a hero is a man who would argue with the gods, and so awakens devils to contest his vision. The more a man can achieve, the more he may be certain that the devil will inhabit a part of his creation.
If a person is not talented enough to be a novelist, not smart enough to be a lawyer, and his hands are too shaky to perform operations, he becomes a journalist.
Because there is very little honor left in American life, there is a certain built-in tendency to destroy masculinity in American men.
Culture's worth huge, huge risks. Without culture we're all totalitarian beasts.
Every moment of one's existence one is growing into more or retreating into less. One is always living a little more or dying a little bit.
America is a hurricane, and the only people who do not hear the sound are those fortunate if incredibly stupid and smug White Protestants who live in the center, in the serene eye of the big wind.
Hip is the sophistication of the wise primitive in a giant jungle.
Growth, in some curious way, I suspect, depends on being always in motion just a little bit, one way or another.
In America few people will trust you unless you are irreverent.
Revolutions are the periods of history when individuals count most.
The difference between writing a book and being on television is the difference between conceiving a child and having a baby made in a test tube.
There is nothing safe about sex. There never will be.
When I read it, I don't wince, which is all I ever ask for a book I write.
There are four stages in a marriage. First there's the affair, then the marriage, then children and finally the fourth stage, without which you cannot know a woman, the divorce.
Each day a few more lies eat into the seed with which we are born, little institutional lies from the print of newspapers, the shock waves of television, and the sentimental cheats of the movie screen.
A modern democracy is a tyranny whose borders are undefined; one discovers how far one can go only by traveling in a straight line until one is stopped.
There was that law of life, so cruel and so just, that one must grow or else pay more for remaining the same.
The function of socialism is to raise suffering to a higher level.
Once a newspaper touches a story, the facts are lost forever, even to the protagonists.
It's not a good idea to put your wife into a novel; not your latest wife anyway.
Tough guys don't dance. You had better believe it.
Giving a camera to Diane Arbus is like putting a live grenade in the hands of a child.
