American,Novelist
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life.
True love stories never have endings.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world the master calls a butterfly.
Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness. Listen to it carefully.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly.
Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
Here is a test to find whether your mission on Earth is finished: If you're alive, it isn't.
To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
There are no mistakes. The events we bring upon ourselves, no matter how unpleasant, are necessary in order to learn what we need to learn; whatever steps we take, they're necessary to reach the places we've chosen to go.
One of the great cosmic laws, I think, is that whatever we hold in our thought will come true in our experience. When we hold something, anything, in our thought, then somehow coincidence leads us in the direction that we've been wishing to lead ourselves.
Our soulmate is the one who makes life come to life.
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself. Being true to anyone else or anything else is not only impossible, but the mark of a fake messiah.
A professional writer is an amateur who didn't quit.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
If it's never our fault, we can't take responsibility for it. If we can't take responsibility for it, we'll always be its victim.
Same with anyone who's been flying for years and loves it still... we're part of a world we deeply love. Just as musicians feel about scores and melodies, dancers about the steps and flow of music, so we're one with the principle of flight, the magic of being aloft in the wind!
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.
I know there's a principle of spirit. It works without space-time. I am subject to that principle, in spirit and in belief of body. Learn how spirit works, a few simple rules, living a perfect spiritual life is easy.
Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.
To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.
Civilization... wrecks the planet from seafloor to stratosphere.
Kindle Singles is publishing on skates. It prints like lightning; our book meets readers in hours. I've spent so many years waiting for publishers to consider whether they wanted to print a book of mine, making contracts, taking months to fit it into the Fall list or the Spring list, fitting it into an advertising plan.
If you will practice being fictional for a while, you will understand that fictional characters are sometimes more real than people with bodies and heartbeats.
Jonathan is that brilliant little fire that burns within us all, that lives only for those moments when we reach perfection.
Not being known doesn't stop the truth from being true.
The simplest things are often the truest.
