Canadian,Novelist
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
Fanaticism is overcompensation for doubt.
A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight.
Authors like cats because they are such quiet, lovable, wise creatures, and cats like authors for the same reasons.
Do not suppose, however, that I intend to urge a diet of classics on anybody. I have seen such diets at work. I have known people who have actually read all, or almost all, the guaranteed Hundred Best Books. God save us from reading nothing but the best.
Extraordinary people survive under the most terrible circumstances and they become more extraordinary because of it.
The great book for you is the book that has the most to say to you at the moment when you are reading. I do not mean the book that is most instructive, but the book that feeds your spirit. And that depends on your age, your experience, your psychological and spiritual need.
You never see what you want to see, forever playing to the gallery.
The love of truth lies at the root of much humor.
There is no nonsense so gross that society will not, at some time, make a doctrine of it and defend it with every weapon of communal stupidity.
The quality of what is said inevitably influences the way in which it is said, however inexperienced the writer.
What we call luck is the inner man externalized. We make things happen to us.
I never heard of anyone who was really literate or who ever really loved books who wanted to suppress any of them.
May I make a suggestion, hoping it is not an impertinence? Write it down: write down what you feel. It is sometimes a wonderful help in misery.
The most original thing a writer can do is write like himself. It is also his most difficult task.
I see Canada as a country torn between a very northern, rather extraordinary, mystical spirit which it fears and its desire to present itself to the world as a Scotch banker.
Students today are a pretty solemn lot. One of the really notable achievements of the twentieth century has been to make the young old before their time.
Their very conservatism is secondhand, and they don't know what they are conserving.
The drama may be called that part of theatrical art which lends itself most readily to intellectual discussion: what is left is theater.
Only a fool expects to be happy all the time.
We wanted to meet him, for though we were neither of us naive people we had not wholly lost our belief that it is delightful to meet artists who have given us pleasure.
Literary critics, however, frequently suffer from a curious belief that every author longs to extend the boundaries of literary art, wants to explore new dimensions of the human spirit, and if he doesn't, he should be ashamed of himself.
I do not 'get' ideas; ideas get me.
The world is full of people whose notion of a satisfactory future is, in fact, a return to the idealised past.
If we seek the pleasures of love, passion should be occasional, and common sense continual.
Few people can see genius in someone who has offended them.
