Irish,Novelist
When you grow up on an island, what matters is how you stand to the sea.
I see people in terms of dialogue and I believe that people are their talk.
If you are a writer you're at home, which means you're out of touch. You have to make excuses to get out there and look at how the world is changing.
Schools don't really allow failure and yet it's a valid part of any endeavour, not just writing.
It's a big con job. We have sold the myth of Dublin as a sexy place incredibly well; because it is a dreary little dump most of the time.
When I started writing full time I had not long stopped being a teacher and when at last I had a full day to write, I would put music on and wonder to myself - am I allowed to do this? Then I thought: 'I am control of this and no one is telling me what I can do.'
Ulysses could have done with a good editor. You know people are always putting Ulysses in the top 10 books ever written but I doubt that any of those people were really moved by it.
When I was a kid, if you didn't speak Irish, you really wanted to. And you played Gaelic games and you didn't pay any attention to what was happening in the outside world, because really, Ireland was the center of the universe. And I don't think that's the case anymore. Although, admittedly, it is the center of the universe.
I had to make sure I kept an eye on the real world.
I don't work to any commissions. I do what I want to do.
My novels come from within me; they are things I feel I want to do.
I'm not recognised that much. I'm just a bald man in glasses and there's a rash of them in Dublin. It'd be different if I had a mohican.
When I was growing up, the exam system didn't allow you to write fiction, so you never did.
I've been asked why does Ireland produce so many great musicians, and the answer is it doesn't. When you count the great musicians Ireland has given the world in the last 20 years, you can do it on one hand.
I'm going to sound like an old man but at my age, it's lovely doing something that you've never done before.
Sometimes adults seem as though they have cut a chord from being a child.
It's great meeting children because you never know what they will say.
I like naming characters.
Some of the people who look the most normal are probably the maddest people trying to look normal.
Most working days I can be at my desk for nine hours a day.
The problem with being Irish... is having 'Riverdance' on your back. It's a burden at times.
I wouldn't go out of my way to experience the indignity of middle-age just because it might be good meat for a story.
I write short stories when a little idea occurs to me, that I know isn't a part of a novel that will stand by itself and should be concentrated.
Good ideas are often murdered by better ones.
No matter how close to personal experience a story might be, inevitably you are going to get to a part that isn't yours and, actually, whether it happened or not becomes irrelevant. It is all about choosing the right words.
I do enjoy Gothic fiction or books about zombies if they are well written and I like vampires.
