French,Novelist
Never touch a butterfly's wing with your finger.
Be happy. It's one way of being wise.
The lovesick, the betrayed, and the jealous all smell alike.
I am going away with him to an unknown country where I shall have no past and no name, and where I shall be born again with a new face and an untried heart.
You must not pity me because my sixtieth year finds me still astonished. To be astonished is one of the surest ways of not growing old too quickly.
What a wonderful life I've had! I only wish I'd realized it sooner.
Smokers, male and female, inject and excuse idleness in their lives every time they light a cigarette.
A woman who thinks she is intelligent demands the same rights as man. An intelligent woman gives up.
Sincerity is not a spontaneous flower nor is modesty either.
One keeps forgetting old age up to the very brink of the grave.
A pretty little collection of weaknesses and a terror of spiders are our indispensable stock-in-trade with the men.
Total absence of humor renders life impossible.
Sit down and put down everything that comes into your head and then you're a writer. But an author is one who can judge his own stuff's worth, without pity, and destroy most of it.
You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.
Our perfect companions never have fewer than four feet.
The woman who thinks she is intelligent demands equal rights with men. A woman who is intelligent does not.
As for an authentic villain, the real thing, the absolute, the artist, one rarely meets him even once in a lifetime. The ordinary bad hat is always in part a decent fellow.
A happy childhood is poor preparation for human contacts.
Look for a long time at what pleases you, and a longer time at what pains you.
The faults of husbands are often caused by the excess virtues of their wives.
If I can't have too many truffles, I'll do without truffles.
January, month of empty pockets! let us endure this evil month, anxious as a theatrical producer's forehead.
In its early stages, insomnia is almost an oasis in which those who have to think or suffer darkly take refuge.
Writing only leads to more writing.
There are days when solitude is a heady wine that intoxicates you with freedom, others when it is a bitter tonic, and still others when it is a poison that makes you beat your head against the wall.
No temptation can ever be measured by the value of its object.
