American,Novelist
All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was.
Make a difference about something other than yourselves.
If there is a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, you must be the one to write it.
I'm always annoyed about why black people have to bear the brunt of everybody else's contempt. If we are not totally understanding and smiling, suddenly we're demons.
If there's a book you really want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it.
If you surrendered to the air, you could ride it.
No one ever talks about the moment you found that you were white. Or the moment you found out you were black. That's a profound revelation. The minute you find that out, something happens. You have to renegotiate everything.
Everybody gets everything handed to them. The rich inherit it. I don't mean just inheritance of money. I mean what people take for granted among the middle and upper classes, which is nepotism, the old-boy network.
Freeing yourself was one thing; claiming ownership of that freed self was another.
I always looked upon the acts of racist exclusion, or insult, as pitiable, from the other person. I never absorbed that. I always thought that there was something deficient about such people.
I'm not entangled in shaping my work according to other people's views of how I should have done it.
I don't think a female running a house is a problem, a broken family. It's perceived as one because of the notion that a head is a man.
She is a friend of mind. She gather me, man. The pieces I am, she gather them and give them back to me in all the right order. It's good, you know, when you got a woman who is a friend of your mind.
There is really nothing more to say-except why. But since why is difficult to handle, one must take refuge in how.
Women's rights is not only an abstraction, a cause; it is also a personal affair. It is not only about us; it is also about me and you. Just the two of us.
When there is pain, there are no words. All pain is the same.
The ability of writers to imagine what is not the self, to familiarize the strange and mystify the familiar, is the test of their power.
If you're going to hold someone down you're going to have to hold on by the other end of the chain. You are confined by your own repression.
Black literature is taught as sociology, as tolerance, not as a serious, rigorous art form.
I don't think anybody cares about unwed mothers unless they're black or poor. The question is not morality, the question is money. That's what we're upset about.
I like marriage. The idea.
In becoming an American, from Europe, what one has in common with that other immigrant is contempt for me-it's nothing else but color.
We die. That may be the meaning of life. But we do language. That may be the measure of our lives.
You marvel at the economy and this choice of words. How many ways can you describe the sky and the moon? After Sylvia Plath, what can you say?
In this country American means white. Everybody else has to hyphenate.
At some point in life the world's beauty becomes enough. You don't need to photograph, paint or even remember it. It is enough.
