Trinidadian,Novelist
I read many things. I read to fill in my knowledge of the world.
All the details of the life and the quirks and the friendships can be laid out for us, but the mystery of the writing will remain. No amount of documentation, however fascinating, can take us there.
In Trinidad, where as new arrivals we were a disadvantaged community, that excluding idea was a kind of protection; it enabled us - for the time being, and only for the time being - to live in our own way and according to our own rules, to live in our own fading India.
The world outside existed in a kind of darkness; and we inquired about nothing.
I read a piece of writing and within a paragraph or two I know whether it is by a woman or not.
An autobiography can distort; facts can be realigned. But fiction never lies: it reveals the writer totally.
Trinidad may seem complex, but to anyone who knows it, it is a simple, colonial, philistine society.
Some writers can only deal with childhood experience, because it's complete. For another kind of writer, life goes on, and he's able to keep processing that as well.
In a way my reputation has become that of the curmudgeon.
My life is short. I can't listen to banality.
Judgment is contained in the act of trying to understand.
In England I am not English, in India I am not Indian. I am chained to the 1,000 square miles that is Trinidad; but I will evade that fate yet.
One isn't born one's self. One is born with a mass of expectations, a mass of other people's ideas - and you have to work through it all.
A cat only has itself.
What I felt was, if you spend your life just writing fiction, you are going to falsify your material. And the fictional form was going to force you to do things with the material, to dramatize it in a certain way. I thought nonfiction gave one a chance to explore the world, the other world, the world that one didn't know fully.
You need someone to see what you've done, to read it and to understand it and to appreciate what's gone into it.
The first 50 years of the cinema were absolutely great years. Original minds were at work establishing the ways to tell a story. And what is happening now is a copying, a pastiche-ing of what was done by great men.
Home is, I suppose just a child's idea. A house at night, and a lamp in the house. A place to feel safe.
I've been a free man.
There are two ways of talking. One is the easy way, where you talk lightly, and the other one is the considered way. The considered way is what I have put my name to.
It was a good place for getting lost in, a city no one ever knew, a city explored from the neutral heart outward, until after many years, it defined itself into a jumble of clearings separated by stretches of the unknown, through which the narrowest of paths had been cut.
That element of surprise is what I look for when I am writing. It is my way of judging what I am doing - which is never an easy thing to do.
The world is what it is; men who are nothing, who allow themselves to become nothing, have no place in it.
Great writing can be done in biography, history, art.
If you decide to move to another country and to live within its laws you don't express your disregard for the essence of the culture. It's a form of aggression.
The world is always in movement.
I really wasn't equipped to be a writer when I left Oxford. But then I set out to learn. I've always had the highest regard for the craft. I've always felt it was work.
It's very attractive to people to be a victim. Instead of having to think out the whole situation, about history and your group and what you are doing... if you begin from the point of view of being a victim, you've got it half-made. I mean intellectually.
To be converted you have to destroy your past, destroy your history. You have to stamp on it, you have to say 'my ancestral culture does not exist, it doesn't matter.'
If a writer doesn't generate hostility, he is dead.
Writers should provoke disagreement.
Africans need to be kicked, that's the only thing they understand.
I don't feel I can speak with authority for many other people.
The ancillary aspect of every British city now is the council estate.
To be a writer you have to be out in the world, you have to risk yourself in the world, you have to be immersed in the world, you have to go out looking for it. This becomes harder as you get older because there's less energy, the days are shorter for older people and it's not so easy to go out and immerse oneself in the world outside.
In England people are very proud of being very stupid.
It is important not to trust people too much.
I profoundly feel that people are letting you down all the time.
I always knew who I was and where I had come from. I was not looking for a home in other people's lands.
I went to India and met some people who had been involved in this guerrilla business, middle-class people who were rather vain and foolish. There was no revolutionary grandeur to it. Nothing.
Making a book is such a big enterprise.
I still think it's really quite wonderful when I read a sentence of mine and it has that quality of lastingness.
Many writers tend to write summing-up books at the end of their lives.
Whenever I have had to write fiction, I've always had to invent a character who roughly has my background.
I grew up in a small place and left it when I was quite young and entered the bigger world.
There are certain things that are too painful for people to even write about sometimes, and there are certain things that are too hard to read about again.
If you write a novel alone you sit and you weave a little narrative. And it's O.K., but it's of no account.
I became very interested in the Islamic question, and thought I would try to understand it from the roots, ask very simple questions and somehow make a narrative of that discovery.
A civilization which has taken over the world cannot be said to be dying.
All the things that were read to me by my father were stories about things becoming all right.
My grief is that the publishing world, the book writing world is an extraordinary shoddy, dirty, dingy world.
I have a very small public.
I'm thought to be a tough writer, but I'm really a softie.
I could meet dreadful people and end up seeing the world through their eyes, seeing their frailties, their needs.
I'm very content.
Writing has to support itself.
Africa is not a fun place, you know. A fun place is somewhere that lifts the spirits, that cossets the senses. I don't think that can be said of the Africa I traveled in.
When I learnt to write I became my own master, I became very strong, and that strength is with me to this very day.
The writer is all alone.
If a man begins writing at thirty, by the time he is fifty or sixty, the bulk of his work has been done. By the time he is eighty, he's got nothing more, you know?
How can you be an atheist and have an ideology to go with it? To be an atheist is to be free of some areas of belief. I don't see how that can become an ideology.
One is made by all the things around one. There are many things that have made one. For a writer to go around looking for things that have made him is asking for trouble. It's like giving a character to yourself. Can't do it. Can't do it. These things are just there. Is that enough?
If you want to write serious books, you must be ready to break the forms, break the forms.
At school I had only admirers; I had no friends.
I have always moved by intuition alone. I have no system, literary or political. I have no guiding political idea.
