English,Novelist
When you look at me, when you think of me, I am in paradise.
A good laugh is sunshine in the house.
Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children.
The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face.
When I walk with you I feel as if I had a flower in my buttonhole.
Next to excellence is the appreciation of it.
Do not be in a hurry to succeed. What would you have to live for afterwards? Better make the horizon your goal; it will always be ahead of you.
Bravery never goes out of fashion.
To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best.
The two most engaging powers of an author are to make new things familiar, familiar things new.
Follow your honest convictions and be strong.
The book of female logic is blotted all over with tears, and Justice in their courts is forever in a passion.
It is impossible, in our condition of Society, not to be sometimes a Snob.
Kindnesses are easily forgotten; but injuries! what worthy man does not keep those in mind?
I would rather make my name than inherit it.
Dinner was made for eating, not for talking.
There are a thousand thoughts lying within a man that he does not know till he takes up a pen to write.
It is only hope which is real, and reality is a bitterness and a deceit.
I never knew whether to pity or congratulate a man on coming to his senses.
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
There are many sham diamonds in this life which pass for real, and vice versa.
People who do not know how to laugh are always pompous and self-conceited.
'Tis strange what a man may do, and a woman yet think him an angel.
It is best to love wisely, no doubt; but to love foolishly is better than not to be able to love at all.
Except for the young or very happy, I can't say I am sorry for anyone who dies.
If a secret history of books could be written, and the author's private thoughts and meanings noted down alongside of his story, how many insipid volumes would become interesting, and dull tales excite the reader!
