Irish,Dancer
It's either not good enough and dies altogether, or it develops.
Classical ballet will never die.
Somebody must always be doing something new, or life would get very dull.
Oh yes, after the war, and we were all starving - we had no proper food or anything - no proper shoes.
You can't stop what comes into a country, you can be influenced, but you can't stop it, you shouldn't, because it makes all the others interesting, we all get muddled up together, and produce something that belongs to everyone.
So it takes years to make a solid company.
Well, I mean, we are developing the other parts, and we can't give quite all our attention to the upper part, but soon the lower parts will be developed, and the upper part and the lower part will become partners, that will be wonderful.
Oh yes, technique has definitely advanced. But you never advance without losing something en passant, and you lose it because you're paying so much attention to the new thing.
There would never have been a British Ballet without Diaghilev. He had a wonderful influence.
First of all, the most important, that is to learn everything good that has survived from other times, and carefully to watch the bad - and throw it out.
And then you have the classical ballerinas, they're like sopranos. Applied to the dance.
All the children in the school should learn the steps of everything, before they learn the thing, then they know which step they're doing better, because your voice is in certain steps and has to do most of the things that have been composed in those steps.
Nearly everything in life goes in threes and fours.
As time goes on, all schools only get left alive if they have found something special themselves.
Hardly any generation wants to take the whole of the last generation, it just wants to take its best bits.
The best way to study is to go to the Cecchetti method for about a year and draw onto all the highest points and then put that into the general method.
Also, if you have an accident, you can't start to dance again at the top, you're too weak; you start with the easy things - the way you did them when you were young, and come up up up, the way you did then.
Exactly the same with dancing, you can't dance until you've learnt steps, the things your feet can do.
There's nothing in the world that isn't good, bad, and indifferent.
God gave us all exactly the same fingers, arms, legs, and feet, but in our different countries we divided them all a little differently as we feel it, do you understand?
