Indian,Dancer
Firstly, 'Dance plus' is the only dance reality show in India with an entire panel of captains who rose to fame through their dancing skills. The show will introduce audiences to new trends and evolved dance forms through solo, duo, and group performers.
I never compromise with my work.
I would love to make Madhuri Dixit dance. If I do a film with her, it definitely has to be a 'Madhuri Dixit film'. I don't want to cast her in a small role. I will do a full- fledged dance film with her.
I had two good films: 'ABCD2' and 'Bajirao Mastani.'
Our films have immense power, and we have always accepted international artistes with open arms. If Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone can do wonders in Hollywood, then they can also do it here.
I have worked with Salman a lot of times and have choreographed him earlier also. He doesn't do rehearsals; he never comes for that. He is the only actor who has never opened the door for rehearsals.
Like a film, dance steps or sequences are creative works. If a script can have a copyright, and so can songs, why can't dance sequences as well?
I want to create a superhero... which everyone will say that we have a superhero called 'A Flying Jatt'.
'A Flying Jatt' is a good superhero with no dark side. So, it is all good vs. all bad without any shades of grey.
Hollywood and Bollywood films cannot be compared because of their budgets!
'ABCD...' was a dance movie, but it had an emotional story, and now 'ABCD 2' is a very emotional film, too.
My chemistry with Salman goes long back, and we have a great equation. Doing a film with him is no less than a dream.
People think that Salman does his own style of dancing, which he doesn't do most of the time.
I am happy. I have won many awards, but it is the national award that I was waiting for. This means everything to me.
If you have won a national award, it means you have done something great.
Even after choreographing some big numbers, I didn't qualify as the top choreographer. You need to have godfathers and big people to support you for others to take you seriously.
It is now, after doing TV shows and so much work, that people have accepted me as a great choreographer. So I had to struggle too much, and I am happy with my journey today, though there is a lot more left now.
It's not necessary that every film that I direct will have dance in it. I would love to explore different areas.
My journey has practically been a typical Hindi film script. I was a boy from a small town who wanted to make a future in dancing. Everyone though that I won't be able to do anything.
I entered the film industry as a background dancer and then gradually rose step by step. Now I am a judge and a filmmaker, but amongst everything, my personal favourite continues to be dancing, as it is what has led me to the rest.
Dance has helped me overcome a lot of personal challenges. If I feel sad or depressed, I just go to the set and dance. It makes me feel alive.
I believe that reality shows are extremely important for the talented. Contestants get a platform where they can prove their talent. If they are good at what they do, their life is made. Personally, reality shows have helped me get fame and money.
'ABCD' is impossible without Prabhudheva. So 'ABCD 3' will have Prabhudheva for sure. The first and second films were written keeping Prabhu in mind, and same goes for the third series as well.
Apart from Michael Jackson, the only man I look upto and admire his dancing skills is Prabhudheva.
'Flying Jatt' is a superhero movie, and the villain needs to be really strong.
The dancing style in Bollywood has changed a lot after 2000, mainly because of the dance-based reality TV shows. Everyone knows about the varied dance styles nowadays. The actors are also quick to pick up dance forms such as locking, popping, breaking and hip-hop. So, this factor has changed the industry's dancing style as a whole.
