American,Dancer
Being natural is incredibly empowering for women because it's just who you are. You're embracing all the beautiful things about you from your head to your toes. Because when you mask so much of your natural beauty, people don't get to see that.
Everybody's got a silly side in them.
I want everybody to know that I don't care who you are, where you're from, if you're popular or not: we all have haters. But you have to be resilient. You have to not allow them to have the power over you, where you start believing the things they say.
Even if you hurt my feelings and you lie, be a man and admit it. I'd rather someone be honest to me.
You can't do TLC dances successfully in high heels.
When you drink water and stay hydrated all the time, it's good for all the organs in your body.
In any relationship, even when it came to my relationship with Usher, when it was time to make a move, I had to do that. I don't care how much my heart was hurting, sometimes you're just supposed to be with people for a reason, and it's not always a lifetime. Even if you want it to be, it just doesn't work out that way.
Usher did the ultimate no-no to me. I will never be with him again, and that is that.
You should be held accountable for your actions.
I personally didn't go to any marches or anything like that. For me, all lives matter, you know what I mean?
Of course Black Lives Matter and the killing of young black boys is heartbreaking to all of us. Everyone knows I am a black mother of a black son, so there is no way I could watch what's happening and not be affected.
I was a late bloomer, and that was my issue growing up.
The teenage years are my least favorite, though my son is phenomenal. He does not get in trouble, and he's not a bad kid. But the fact that they think they know so much.
I like Taylor Swift a lot. She has really fun, catchy songs. It's so funny: I always say any guy that's gonna date her, just be careful, because if it doesn't work out, they know by now the next single is gonna be about them! I love how real she is. I really respect her a lot as an artist.
We go into the studio with the mindset of simply wanting to make something great.
I was on 'That '70s Show' as the sexy nurse. I like that show, but I hated my character. I was like, 'I will never do anything like this again in my life. I feel crazy.'
TLC's always been sexy but always tasteful.
What is not cool is if we have a problem with an artist or if an artist has a problem with us, come to us directly. Talk to us. Don't start a Twitter war and all that kind of stuff. That's silly.
When we're talking about people not wearing clothes or being naked or whatever, that's a whole lot of people. And I said this: if that's their thing, and they feel comfortable doing that, then whatever; that works for them, but you don't have to go that route if you don't want to. We don't want people to think that that's what you have to do.
If you're dude, and you're still living at the crib, at home, and you're not taking care of your kid, that's the worst thing ever.
If I had a dollar for every guy that came up to me to say, 'I'm not a scrub,' oh my God, I'd have a billion dollars.
I think people kind of know me, although I am pretty private when it comes to my private life.
I'm very healthy. I'm into eating right, and there are just some things to me, when you talk about eating right, you shouldn't eat.
Life shows us all the time, really and truly, that you're not in control of most things, but at the same time, the things that you are able to control, you should definitely hold on to that. But it's okay that you can't control every aspect of your life.
I just want a guy that is secure with himself and is not intimidated by what I do and how I can provide for myself, because I don't need a man for that, nor have I ever looked for a man to just take care of me.
What we eat will tell everything when it comes to our bodies, our skin, our hair, how we feel, your endurance for things.
We can't be tamed at all. We've never been that kind of group. We always used to talk about how our image was as big as our sound.
In the early '90s, all the girl groups were dressing super feminine. And then we came on the scene wearing Cross Colours, Girbaud, and Nautica.
When I met T-Boz and Left Eye, they were buying jeans that were a size 38. Three little cute girls dressed like boys was cool back then. Our style was cartoonish but fly at the same time.
From day one, we always admired male R&B groups. They would go onstage with no shirt on and baggy jeans, and girls would scream.
We all have the same problems with family or friends, boyfriends, all that stuff.
We're like everybody else. We hurt like everybody.
I'm, for real, the biggest En Vogue fan.
We all like all kinds of music. Like, I love Shania Twain.
