American,Dancer
I come from a long line of people who express themselves through the dance. I come from a long line of people who create music through their feet.
A tapper sticks to existing routines. Whereas hoofing... a hoofer pushes the art form.
I don't like being too serious. I'm the type of person that, if the mike isn't in the right place when I go on, I just move it. Other people, they'll be all frantic. I'm more relaxed.
When Puffy asked me to do the video, I said yes. Cuz it's all about the Benjamins!
Jimmy Slyde was more a musician than a dancer; Greg Hines was more musician than dancer.
I search for different tonalities in my taps. But my greatest pleasure is hearing a note I haven't heard before, hearing a chord that sparks something new.
I like to be around dancers who are totally committed to the art form, totally committed to the men and women around them.
I actually wanted to be a fireman when I was younger.
The connection of what I do to flamenco lies in the whole lament, whole cry, whole pouring back into the earth and giving energy back to the earth. It's a cry and a celebration. That's what music, sound, vibration should do. It should spark energy in someone.
Just like a comedian has a certain joke or a jazz musician has a riff that they know will get the crowd, a tap dancer always has a step.
La Cave was a great platform for me to learn and be able to listen in on conversations and just get a lot of notes and teachings from those older guys.
It wasn't until I did a musical revue in Paris in the 1980s called 'Black and Blue,' and met the great men and women responsible for the progress of tap dance, that my relationship with the dance really began.
I love riding my ATV 450.
What I'm trying to do is bring young people into doing tap so that the art form will keep going.
Tap's foundation is jazz, just like hip-hop, so relating tap-dancing to rap is natural for me.
I'm more a percussion instrument than a dancer.
Whether it is Jimmy Slyde or Lon Chaney or Gregory Hines, their dance shows what they experienced, what they had to go through.
My personal style at this point in my life is more audio; it's more driven on less visual and more musicality. But because of my upbringing, my fabulous mentors and teachers that I've had throughout my dance journey or career, I also possess a style that is of the past. It was just a matter of me reaching back.
I was always looking at footage of dancers from Nicholas Brothers to Ralph Brown to Sand Man to Miller Brothers and Lois, and I grew up looking at old footage.
Authenticity is the most important thing. You have to know where it all comes from, study who pioneered it.
I try to convey the musical notes through dance, take on the music.
When I wake up in the morning, I just go.
I never really stop and think about should I put my hat on this way or that, not thinking that little JoJo down the street would be copying that. I'm more conscious about it now and tell the kids that it's not about the shoes or what kind of shoes... it's all about the dance.
I was a drummer in a group called Three Plus. We were performing at a club in New York, and my mother signed me up for tap classes. I fell in love from the door... so you can blame it on my mother.
I'm thankful I am able to continue to share the joy and the inspiration tap brings.
I've changed my whole angle for dance. I'm moving towards moving back rather than hanging out with my peers. I'm reaching back to older dudes for a second.
I can hold a note, but that's about it.
I can produce any instrument, any sound that I can imagine; it may be percussive to the audience, but in my mind it may be a piano, a melody, or a tuba, or a harp, or a harmonica. My mission is to allow people to hear the dance in its purity and up against any other type of sound or music.
I don't really care what the visual is looking like. I've gotten away from - not shenanigans, but spectacle.
What we're looking for at my school is intellectuals. People who want to talk about the art and be knowledgeable about it. People who want to know the history. Not everybody needs to be performing.
For me, the importance in learning about the dance is using it as a voice. It's not about a step, it's about a way to express oneself.
I don't deal in terminology, I deal with expressions: colors, shapes, tones, characteristics.
You can go to see a singer and love the show, but you don't need to know all the songs. What you want to do when you leave is go and find out more about the music.
They're taking away the arts programmes in the schools, and that's a terrible thing.
I'm committed to the purity of my art form.
The spirituality of the dance, that's something that's evolved for me in the past ten years or so. I'm still trying to figure out where that's taking me.
We need these figures who don't exactly go against the grain but create a new grain.
I deal with more complex rhythmical patterns than a regular tap dancer. I even think in rhythms.
I grew up watching Gregory Hines banging out rhythms like drum beats, and Jimmy Slyde dancing these melodies, you know, bop-bah-be-do-bap, not just tap-tap-tap. Everyone else was dancing in monotone, but I could hear the hoofers in stereo, and they influenced me to have this musical approach towards tap.
It's as if my left heel is my bass drum and my right heel is the floor tom-tom. I can get snare out of my right toe by not putting it down on the floor hard, and, if I want cymbals, I land flat on both feet, full strength on the floor.
There's a whole new generation who know about tap dancing thanks to 'Happy Feet.'
I want to entertain, but I'm interested in a whole range of feelings.
Every performance is different because I'm different; my mood is different.
Other dances are like languages, like French or Spanish, but my steps are slang, and slang is always changing.
I'm a basketball freak.
The youth coming up is interested in dance now, and they're coming to the shows. That's a blessing for those of us who create.
Great athletes last because they let the mental do all the work. What we do as hoofers is not so much a physical strain as everybody thinks. It's more of a mental stretch.
When you find real jazz on the radio dial, it comes in all static-y. It's just like tap dancers. You have to go uptown to find the real hoofers. We only come to midtown if we're called upon.
I go for a nice walk in my neighborhood and search for vinyl, old jazz, classics. Then I go home and listen to them.
I'm continuing the educational process of getting people to accept dance as music.
There's a tendency to think tap's had its day, but 'Happy Feet' kept us in the race. That penguin is our Shirley Temple.
There's no dancer alive better than those of the 1950s and 1960s. It's only the energy that changes. Every now and then, someone like me comes along, and people say, 'Oh, this guy is this new thing.' But that's not so. There is no me without them. The tradition just goes on.
What does genius mean? God has put us here specifically... every person has a job or journey to do. It's just a matter of finding what we're here to fulfill or execute. That's genius to me.
I'm just blessed, man. I'm just happy to share my art form with everyone. That's cool.
I see myself helping the next generation of dancers who come along, helping them to keep the dance focused, so we don't get into a position where they're saying in 2050, or whatever, that around 2001 or 2002 or something the dance died.
My mom couldn't afford dance shoes, so she put me in these old cowboy boots with a hard bottom so I could get some sound out. I used them for seven months. When I finally got real tap shoes, I was nervous. I kept moving my feet, thinking, 'Oh, so this is how it's supposed to sound.'
My show mode is that the dressing room is like going into the cockpit. Going down the stairs is like going on the runway, and once we begin performing, it's flight time. I'm just floatin' on that stage.
I don't think I'm a genius. Not yet.
I've never looked at what I do as show business, I guess, because of my connection to the art and how I was introduced to the dance.
I feel it's my duty, my job, now to allow people to hear the dance to different genres of music, to ensure audiences have the chance to listen to tap dancing up against all these other styles.
I try new stuff every time I perform. I have steps I do that I know are definite, and stuff I can make up right then and there and then forget.
I dance anywhere. I just start moving my feet.
I wasn't into tapping when it began dying down. Ever since I started, it's been alive for me. I just want to keep on dancing. I want to do it all.
Tap dancing is like... it's equivalent to music, not only for the African American community, but also for the world. Tap dancing is like language; it's like air: it's like everything else that we need in order to survive. I'm blessed and honored to be knowledgeable of the art form and to be a part of the art form.
I did a production called 'Classical Savion,' where I did some Shostakovich, Mendelssohn, Bach, Vivaldi, and all these great pieces.
When I'm on TV or whatever, I'm able to bring my instruments, my board, and my sound is intact. But other kids who are on TV, when they're doing tap, sometimes they're just on the regular floor. It's not as safe; it's not as sound-worthy as it should be.
I'm always inspired by music, things of that nature. Just life in general. I'm happy to be waking up and having another chance at it.
I'm still growing, still learning. I'm still open and vulnerable enough to know there's much more to be taught to me and learned by me. I hope I don't reach my pinnacle on this earth where I think I know it all.
I am realizing and accepting my role as a tap dancer in this world is not only to tap dance for the sake of performance, but through tap dance be able to share and spread a message and congregate with people I would not necessarily be with had it not been for dance.
Tap is still the central driving force of my life. I think and talk in dance.
I'm going to continue to tap until I can't move.
I'm happy that people think of me as the greatest tap-dancer that ever lived. But it's just a rumor. Because the greatest dancer that ever lived knows everything, and I don't. I'm still learning. I still have a lot of work to do.
The Nicholas Brothers were the best tap-dancers. I'm not talking about their flash-dancing, I'm talking about tap-dancing. They were really saying something with their feet.
