New Zealander,Musician
It's easy listening to a record, but a live performance is so personal and real.
You just feel better when you look nice.
I don't think I'm a diva.
Being a black sheep is a way I would describe myself.
I try not to think too much about where my voice comes from. I'm channeling characters and emotion to come up with beautiful words that tell a story.
You can't go round looking like a rag.
The beauty of being a musician is writing songs. That's the best part. It's therapeutic and honest and private.
I don't think I'm a good-enough songwriter.
I'm very open with people, very warm, when I meet them. My fans in particular find that strange and refreshing.
People might think I'm a bit more intimidating than I am.
I think I was probably a cowboy in a past life.
I've got some real diehards down in New Zealand; I look after them and make sure they always get tickets.
When you're young, you need to be silly and be stupid and not be trying to do that when you're 40 in a red sports car.
I was in a band in Auckland, and I remember they all hated me. They had a big intervention. They said, basically, 'Gin, we think you suck.' I was miserable. I cried and cried. But looking back, that taught me about social skills and how to communicate with musicians.
When I went to Memphis and Mississippi and Nashville, I learnt the blues is a whole way of life. I don't really have the blues, but I can appreciate the honesty and the simplicity of it.
Writing music is such a freeing exercise, and it's really nice to play in that world of being confident, vengeful - getting back at all the bad boyfriends.
You break up, and you say something pathetic, or you don't even speak at all when someone's telling you they don't love you anymore. But then you think about it five minutes later, and you have all these great comebacks!
That's the great thing about songwriting: You have that time to have perspective and look back and think about all the things you'd want to say.
I've lived a lot since I was 16, so I've got more things to write about. I've started playing around the world and met some great people along the way who've taught me lots of things.
I remember when I wrote songs when I was about 16, they all sounded the same because I didn't know anything. And all the subject matter was all the same because I hadn't actually done much.
I've got a very short attention span, and this has been part of the reason I'm so kind of dumbfounded at the fact that I've still stayed with music. Nothing has ever stuck for me, and music's the only thing that's managed to stick out for a long period of time.
I'm a big believer that when we put so much into our jobs - and everyone does - you deserve to be get paid for it instead of doing a gig and then having to work in a bar for eight hours.
My dad dying was actually a reason for me to stop music properly for about a year, because he was a big supporter. All I wanted to do was write a song about him and, you know, when something's too fresh, you can't quite word it.
I want to let everyone hear my music and enjoy it, but just as long as it's fun. I'll go as far as until it gets too much like a day job.
I'm not aiming to be someone like Christina Aguilera.
I want a long career in music, so you've gotta keep trying things out; it's gotta get progressively better.
