New Zealander,Actor
I think it's part of my personality - I love to travel; I love different cultures and philosophies and perspectives on things.
I love new places, new people, new ideas. I love cultural differences, and I'm fascinated by the truth - all the different versions of it.
My mom sent me money for a car, but the cops impounded it because I had no insurance.
My dad was my hero when I was a young boy. And then it's a toss-up between Han Solo, the New Zealand All Blacks Rugby team, and Marlon Brando.
Where typically the cops are generally the good guys, 'The Red Road' blurs the lines intelligently and shows corruption from all sides of the law. It provides unpredictable drama where the audience is kept guessing about how these characters will each choose to act.
Definitely, I'd love to do more in New Zealand if it was the right time.
When I'm not acting, I'm usually sailing or camping or exploring or travelling or spending time in New Zealand.
Heath, I believed in him when I first met him, and helped and supported him. He went on to obvious success in the States and then I had him support me. It can be a lonely, horrible, hard place. It's great just to have someone to call to say 'I know, man, I was there'
It is a little weird now, going over to Heath's place. It's like, 'Hi Heath, hi Nomes.' Very strange!
I always thought I'd go to university and then get a real job, you know. Now I want to do stuff that really makes me happy. Although I'm still trying to work out what that is. But for me there are always constants.
Most horror films fail to scare me. I think 'The Ring' plays more as a psychological thriller. It's smarter, there's more character development and some of the themes explored go a little deeper.
The accent got lost somewhere along the way. I'm a little embarrassed about it. When I arrived in LA I assumed I'd be able to put on the American accent. It proved difficult so I had six months working with a dialect coach and it's become a habit.
It's a great challenge to come from little New Zealand and beat the odds in Hollywood.
What's exciting about Sundance is that they're making a name for themselves in this boutique television niche world, and there's energy behind that.
Most people start eating healthy after the doctor says they have a problem. That's just human nature.
It's very rare you get a director who's that invested in the actors. So yeah, when 'Little Fish' came around, there wasn't much negotiation!
Most horror films fail to scare me.
When I arrived in L.A., I assumed I'd be able to put on the American accent. It proved difficult, so I had six months working with a dialect coach, and it's become a habit.
As soon as I got off the plane in L.A., I heard they'd cast the 'Lord of the Rings' trilogy and that it was all being shot in New Zealand! That was pretty ironic.
With a thriller, you're going to have your red herrings, as different suspects are thrown up as possible culprits. You can only explore that for so long - if you do that more than a few times, it starts to get a little redundant.
Sometimes America gets tempted by the glitz and glamour.
You've got to not care about what people think. You learn that as an actor. If you get a bad review, will you be destroyed by it? Or will you think you're God's gift when you get a rave review?
I try not to invest time in what other people think of me.
I feel for anybody who has that level of celebrity where you can't lead a normal life.
I've become a lot more relaxed about my career, but maybe that's a part of growing up. I realise there are things I hold dear and value, aside from professional achievements.
I always intended to move back to New York when I was first there.
It's actually reassuring to see people struggling to do our accent instead of us constantly trying to emulate British or American accents, which we are always asked to do.
It's a tough accent. It's difficult for actors who are not Kiwis.
I don't even know who my character is in 'Grey's.'
I walked two hours to an audition once and was so sweaty that someone said, 'Oh, you guys from New Zealand don't shower.'
