Scottish,Celebrity
So long as you've got your friends about you, and a good positive attitude, you don't really have to care what everyone else thinks.
Bald is the new black!
I do mixed martial arts, mainly kickboxing.
I try to cope with everything through humor.
Mmm, I love Yoda. I didn't like Jar Jar Binks though, he was all wrong.
I didn't have any problem bonding with Honey, but I was plagued with insecurities about my ability to bring up my baby.
I used to be pretty reckless. When I was a runner for a production company, I drove a massive 16 seater van. I was only 18. I mean I look young now, but then I looked about 12.
Usually I trundle about in trainers and baggy jeans, looking about as attractive as a potato.
Every day I do something that freaks me out.
I read everything and anything. I love books.
I read in the paper that I'd slashed my wrists. But I didn't.
People say, what is she thinking? I'm thinking: fun; cash; travel.
The more I read about feeding times, sleep times and waking-up times, the more inadequate and miserable I felt.
But I love New York. I used to set my alarm clock when I was there, and get up at 4am and get a coffee, just because I could.
Exercise keeps me occupied, which is good for my mental health.
You can go to the doctor a million times if you're feeling down, and get nowhere, but if you go for a run it makes you feel really good.
I do tend to overdo everything.
I love books.
I don't think I'm that intelligent. I think I'm semi-intelligent.
TV presenting isn't the hardest job in the world, and I've done all right financially out of it.
Love has no age.
Scotland is the best place in the whole world.
What's so brave about being bald? I've not fought for my country or found the cure for cancer - I've just gone out without my hat on!
When I was bald, I went through a period where I seemed to do nothing except TV programmes about being bald.
I've always had an addictive nature.
I'm a mum, so my wardrobe consists of sweaters and jeans. As long as I don't leave the house forgetting my jeans, I count that as a fashion success.
