Scottish,Writer
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
A friend is a gift you give yourself.
There is only one difference between a long life and a good dinner: that, in the dinner, the sweets come last.
It is not so much for its beauty that the forest makes a claim upon men's hearts, as for that subtle something, that quality of air that emanation from old trees, that so wonderfully changes and renews a weary spirit.
Wine is bottled poetry.
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.
I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.
You can give without loving, but you can never love without giving.
Keep your eyes open to your mercies. The man who forgets to be thankful has fallen asleep in life.
Nothing like a little judicious levity.
Sooner or later everyone sits down to a banquet of consequences.
That man is a success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much.
The difficulty of literature is not to write, but to write what you mean; not to affect your reader, but to affect him precisely as you wish.
I never weary of great churches. It is my favorite kind of mountain scenery. Mankind was never so happily inspired as when it made a cathedral.
We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend.
Books are good enough in their own way, but they are a poor substitute for life.
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
The obscurest epoch is today.
All human beings are commingled out of good and evil.
Quiet minds cannot be perplexed or frightened but go on in fortune or misfortune at their own private pace, like a clock during a thunderstorm.
Once you are married, there is nothing left for you, not even suicide.
Every heart that has beat strongly and cheerfully has left a hopeful impulse behind it in the world, and bettered the tradition of mankind.
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive.
There are no foreign lands. It is the traveler only who is foreign.
We must accept life for what it actually is - a challenge to our quality without which we should never know of what stuff we are made, or grow to our full stature.
To become what we are capable of becoming is the only end in life.
No man is useless while he has a friend.
Even if the doctor does not give you a year, even if he hesitates about a month, make one brave push and see what can be accomplished in a week.
Nothing more strongly arouses our disgust than cannibalism, yet we make the same impression on Buddhists and vegetarians, for we feed on babies, though not our own.
The correction of silence is what kills; when you know you have transgressed, and your friend says nothing, and avoids your eye.
Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police.
The world is so full of a number of things, I'm sure we should all be as happy as kings.
Absences are a good influence in love and keep it bright and delicate.
The cruelest lies are often told in silence.
There is no progress whatever. Everything is just the same as it was thousands, and tens of thousands, of years ago. The outward form changes. The essence does not change.
Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary.
Perpetual devotion to what a man calls his business is only to be sustained by perpetual neglect of many other things.
Give us grace and strength to forbear and to persevere. Give us courage and gaiety and the quiet mind, spare to us our friends, soften to us our enemies.
So long as we are loved by others I should say that we are almost indispensable; and no man is useless while he has a friend.
The price we have to pay for money is sometimes liberty.
Most of our pocket wisdom is conceived for the use of mediocre people, to discourage them from ambitious attempts, and generally console them in their mediocrity.
When I am grown to man's estate I shall be very proud and great. And tell the other girls and boys Not to meddle with my toys.
Marriage is like life - it is a field of battle, not a bed of roses.
It is better to lose health like a spendthrift than to waste it like a miser.
An aim in life is the only fortune worth finding.
It is not likely that posterity will fall in love with us, but not impossible that it may respect or sympathize; so a man would rather leave behind him the portrait of his spirit than a portrait of his face.
He who sows hurry reaps indigestion.
Of what shall a man be proud, if he is not proud of his friends?
I've a grand memory for forgetting.
Man is a creature who lives not upon bread alone, but primarily by catchwords.
Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.
The web, then, or the pattern, a web at once sensuous and logical, an elegant and pregnant texture: that is style, that is the foundation of the art of literature.
It is the mark of a good action that it appears inevitable in retrospect.
If a man loves the labour of his trade, apart from any question of success or fame, the gods have called him.
The body is a house of many windows: there we all sit, showing ourselves and crying on the passers-by to come and love us.
Vanity dies hard; in some obstinate cases it outlives the man.
When it comes to my own turn to lay my weapons down, I shall do so with thankfulness and fatigue, and whatever be my destiny afterward, I shall be glad to lie down with my fathers in honor. It is human at least, if not divine.
We live in an ascending scale when we live happily, one thing leading to another in an endless series.
The truth that is suppressed by friends is the readiest weapon of the enemy.
The world is full of a number of things, I'm sure we should all be as happy as kings.
Each has his own tree of ancestors, but at the top of all sits Probably Arboreal.
I regard you with an indifference closely bordering on aversion.
You can kill the body but not the spirit.
So long as we love, we serve; so long as we are loved by others, I should say that we are almost indispensable; and no man is useless while he has a friend.
If your morals make you dreary, depend on it, they are wrong.
You can read Kant by yourself, if you wanted to; but you must share a joke with someone else.
To forget oneself is to be happy.
It is one thing to mortify curiosity, another to conquer it.
It's a pleasant thing to be young, and have ten toes.
Every man has a sane spot somewhere.
Talk is by far the most accessible of pleasures. It costs nothing in money, it is all profit, it completes our education, founds and fosters our friendships, and can be enjoyed at any age and in almost any state of health.
Compromise is the best and cheapest lawyer.
Nothing made by brute force lasts.
Well, well, Henry James is pretty good, though he is of the nineteenth century, and that glaringly.
Marriage is one long conversation, chequered by disputes.
You could read Kant by yourself, if you wanted; but you must share a joke with some one else.
