English,Mathematician
No one who achieves success does so without acknowledging the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.
No period of history has ever been great or ever can be that does not act on some sort of high, idealistic motives, and idealism in our time has been shoved aside, and we are paying the penalty for it.
The absolute pacifist is a bad citizen; times come when force must be used to uphold right, justice and ideals.
In formal logic, a contradiction is the signal of defeat, but in the evolution of real knowledge it marks the first step in progress toward a victory.
Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking of them.
It requires a very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the obvious.
We think in generalities, but we live in detail.
Not ignorance, but ignorance of ignorance, is the death of knowledge.
Civilizations can only be understood by those who are civilized.
Our minds are finite, and yet even in these circumstances of finitude we are surrounded by possibilities that are infinite, and the purpose of life is to grasp as much as we can out of that infinitude.
If a dog jumps into your lap, it is because he is fond of you; but if a cat does the same thing, it is because your lap is warmer.
I would be a billionaire if I was looking to be a selfish boss. That's not me.
Without adventure civilization is in full decay.
It takes an extraordinary intelligence to contemplate the obvious.
True courage is not the brutal force of vulgar heroes, but the firm resolve of virtue and reason.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous; and it is among the merits of science that it equips the future for its duties.
Art is the imposing of a pattern on experience, and our aesthetic enjoyment is recognition of the pattern.
Intelligence is quickness to apprehend as distinct form ability, which is capacity to act wisely on the thing apprehended.
The deepest definition of youth is life as yet untouched by tragedy.
Simple solutions seldom are. It takes a very unusual mind to undertake analysis of the obvious.
The total absence of humor from the Bible is one of the most singular things in all literature.
Periods of tranquility are seldom prolific of creative achievement. Mankind has to be stirred up.
Seek simplicity but distrust it.
What is morality in any given time or place? It is what the majority then and there happen to like and immorality is what they dislike.
Life is an offensive, directed against the repetitious mechanism of the Universe.
There are no whole truths: all truths are half-truths. It is trying to treat them as whole truths that plays to the devil.
Fools act on imagination without knowledge, pedants act on knowledge without imagination.
The guiding motto in the life of every natural philosopher should be, seek simplicity and distrust it.
Philosophy begins in wonder. And, at the end, when philosophic thought has done its best, the wonder remains.
I have always noticed that deeply and truly religious persons are fond of a joke, and I am suspicious of those who aren't.
Knowledge shrinks as wisdom grows.
