German,Theologian
Loneliness expresses the pain of being alone and solitude expresses the glory of being alone.
Language... has created the word 'loneliness' to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word 'solitude' to express the glory of being alone.
Doubt is not the opposite of faith; it is one element of faith.
The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself, in spite of being unacceptable.
We can speak without voice to the trees and the clouds and the waves of the sea. Without words they respond through the rustling of leaves and the moving of clouds and the murmuring of the sea.
The first duty of love is to listen.
Man is asked to make of himself what he is supposed to become to fulfill his destiny.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
Boredom is rage spread thin.
Being religious means asking passionately the question of the meaning of our existence and being willing to receive answers, even if the answers hurt.
Faith consists in being vitally concerned with that ultimate reality to which I give the symbolical name of God. Whoever reflects earnestly on the meaning of life is on the verge of an act of faith.
The courage to be is rooted in the God who appears when God has disappeared in the anxiety of doubt.
He who risks and fails can be forgiven. He who never risks and never fails is a failure in his whole being.
Man's ultimate concern must be expressed symbolically, because symbolic language alone is able to express the ultimate.
Religion is the state of being grasped by an ultimate concern, a concern which qualifies all other concerns as preliminary and which itself contains the answer to the question of a meaning of our life.
Our language has wisely sensed the two sides of being alone. It has created the word loneliness to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word solitude to express the glory of being alone.
The awareness of the ambiguity of one's highest achievements (as well as one's deepest failures) is a definite symptom of maturity.
I hope for the day when everyone can speak again of God without embarrassment.
If my tongue were trained to measures, I would sing a stirring song.
Neurosis is the way of avoiding non-being by avoiding being.
Faith is an act of a finite being who is grasped by, and turned to, the infinite.
There is no love which does not become help.
Faith is the state of being ultimately concerned.
Cruelty towards others is always also cruelty towards ourselves.
Astonishment is the root of philosophy.
