Italian,Theologian
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
The things that we love tell us what we are.
If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever.
Sorrow can be alleviated by good sleep, a bath and a glass of wine.
To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible.
Three things are necessary for the salvation of man: to know what he ought to believe; to know what he ought to desire; and to know what he ought to do.
Love takes up where knowledge leaves off.
Every judgement of conscience, be it right or wrong, be it about things evil in themselves or morally indifferent, is obligatory, in such wise that he who acts against his conscience always sins.
Good can exist without evil, whereas evil cannot exist without good.
We can't have full knowledge all at once. We must start by believing; then afterwards we may be led on to master the evidence for ourselves.
Justice is a certain rectitude of mind whereby a man does what he ought to do in the circumstances confronting him.
Reason in man is rather like God in the world.
All that is true, by whomsoever it has been said has its origin in the Spirit.
If, then, you are looking for the way by which you should go, take Christ, because He Himself is the way.
By nature all men are equal in liberty, but not in other endowments.
Law is nothing other than a certain ordinance of reason for the common good, promulgated by the person who has the care of the community.
It is requisite for the relaxation of the mind that we make use, from time to time, of playful deeds and jokes.
The truth of our faith becomes a matter of ridicule among the infidels if any Catholic, not gifted with the necessary scientific learning, presents as dogma what scientific scrutiny shows to be false.
Love must precede hatred, and nothing is hated save through being contrary to a suitable thing which is loved. And hence it is that every hatred is caused by love.
Man cannot live without joy; therefore when he is deprived of true spiritual joys it is necessary that he become addicted to carnal pleasures.
Because philosophy arises from awe, a philosopher is bound in his way to be a lover of myths and poetic fables. Poets and philosophers are alike in being big with wonder.
Wonder is the desire for knowledge.
Temperance is simply a disposition of the mind which binds the passion.
Well-ordered self-love is right and natural.
Beware of the person of one book.
Three conditions are necessary for Penance: contrition, which is sorrow for sin, together with a purpose of amendment; confession of sins without any omission; and satisfaction by means of good works.
Pray thee, spare, thyself at times: for it becomes a wise man sometimes to relax the high pressure of his attention to work.
To convert somebody go and take them by the hand and guide them.
The test of the artist does not lie in the will with which he goes to work, but in the excellence of the work he produces.
The principal act of courage is to endure and withstand dangers doggedly rather than to attack them.
The highest manifestation of life consists in this: that a being governs its own actions. A thing which is always subject to the direction of another is somewhat of a dead thing.
In order for a war to be just, three things are necessary. First, the authority of the sovereign. Secondly, a just cause. Thirdly, a rightful intention.
It is necessary to posit something which is necessary of itself, and has no cause of its necessity outside of itself but is the cause of necessity in other things. And all people call this thing God.
The theologian considers sin mainly as an offence against God; the moral philosopher as contrary to reasonableness.
Distinctions drawn by the mind are not necessarily equivalent to distinctions in reality.
Law; an ordinance of reason for the common good, made by him who has care of the community.
Not everything that is more difficult is more meritorious.
Because of the diverse conditions of humans, it happens that some acts are virtuous to some people, as appropriate and suitable to them, while the same acts are immoral for others, as inappropriate to them.
It is possible to demonstrate God's existence, although not a priori, yet a posteriori from some work of His more surely known to us.
God should not be called an individual substance, since the principal of individuation is matter.
The knowledge of God is the cause of things. For the knowledge of God is to all creatures what the knowledge of the artificer is to things made by his art.
