American,Dancer
If you want to do something, just do it. No one is going to do it for you.
Determination is kind of like rhythm: you can't teach it.
We all have baggage. The question is: What baggage can you deal with?
I'm a really good cook. I left home to start my career at 15 - so my choices were to either learn to cook or eat Ramen noodles for the rest of my life.
I don't want to be the Hollywood girl... I'm Southern and old-fashioned.
Some women just skip having babies or adopt because they don't want to get fat or they haven't put in the time to find a partner. It's great to adopt, but a lot of adoptions are motivated by vanity and laziness.
Everything I did and continue to do happens for a reason, and honestly, I don't regret much in my life.
Your core supports your spine and your torso. Everything you do depends on it.
Jason Lee and Ethan Suplee are like my brothers. If it wasn't for them, I wouldn't have gotten through my pregnancy.
It's like the old thing: The parents stay together for the kids, but the kids know that you don't want to be together. The kids would rather you be happy - and separate - than together and miserable. I don't want my kid to grow up around two parents who just don't work.
I do think being a prissy tomboy helps me in raising a son in general. I wrestle with him, play ball, play in the sandbox with him. As a mom, you get bruises, scrapes on your knee.
I'm blessed with a great memory. To be honest, a lot of times, being on my own at such a young age, my memories were all I had. I didn't have many pictures.
I performed in public for the first time at three years old. I remember it like it was yesterday. It was on a big stage. There were probably three or four hundred people in the audience. We were doing this dance, this Kermit the Frog routine, all of us in our little green leotards.
I've always had an interest in design, and I have always loved creating things.
Anytime someone has said to me, 'You can't do that,' I have answered, 'Watch me.'
I have worked so hard since I was 15 years old, all because I wanted to be a mom.
Being invisible would be pretty great. You could watch everybody, sneak into places and know what people were saying.
As a dancer, I'd dance with broken toes. Just like acting, you compete with yourself and drive forward. That discipline helped in Hollywood.
Southern people are raised with a work ethic. My son is 5 years old and does chores. My mom was a dance teacher, and the training and discipline it takes to be a dancer I've carried with me in Hollywood.
The truth is that I love my baby to bits, but the rest of it sucked. Pregnancy was the biggest killer for me. I hated it - I hated being fat.
I know a lot of very rich, very successful, very lonely women in Los Angeles, and I never wanted to be one of them.
So many Hollywood actresses become successful and then just keep on going - they miss out on having a partner and a baby and end up lonely.
I think it's sexy when women have shapely bodies.
I used to perform with the Pussycat Dolls before Nicole Scherzinger, before they were a musical group.
The process of doing films is not my favorite, but I love television. Television is a quicker turnaround. You shoot more during the day, which makes me feel more productive. It would be like, 'I did five scenes today and ten pages.' That's television.
I don't have one specific dream role: I'm an actor, so I want to play everything. In this business, they'll pigeonhole you in two seconds if you're great at the role you play. Everyone assumes that you're really just like that character.
