American,Dancer
Any kind of loss helps when you talk about it.
Find something you're passionate about, and focus on it.
I have faith that I'll find love again, and if I don't, I'm okay with that.
Prince was my first crush, and my first love, but we didn't start to get serious until I turned 18. He was very respectful.
To lose two babies is really scary. It really caught on me emotionally, physically, everything. It took me at least 15 years to get over it and still, to this day, I miss my son.
When I got divorced, it was another culture shock. It was going from this world I had been into since the age of 16 to literally standing on the streets of New York in kind of shock.
I never called him Prince because I wanted him to be a person to me, not the man behind 'Purple Rain'. Plus, technically, I was married to the Symbol... When we got married, it was much easier. If someone else was there, I could say, 'Could I speak to my husband, please?'
Prince never, ever mentioned it except to say he wished he was taller so he could play basketball. He was actually a really great basketball player.
Sleep is over-rated. When you're creating, travelling, and having the best time of your life the last thing on your mind is sleep.
I think I'm now screwed for life because my first relationship was the most bizarre relationship ever, and I'm not normal any more. I've kind of been spoiled, and I guess I am kind of screwed up now.
I'd always been a very focused dancer and very protected.
I've been making notes of my life, but when it finally came time to write it, it took me back, and I cried many tears. But I also think that it's liberating.
When I got married, the idea of starting my own family was at the top of my list.
I basically gave up my dream of becoming a mom.
As you all know, Prince is no longer with us. It is extremely difficult for me, and that is why I have chosen not to discuss it.
Like most women, I always dreamed of becoming a mother.
For years, my marriage to Prince was mine. The idea of exposing myself to the world... was terrifying.
