Swiss,Writer
You do not travel if you are afraid of the unknown, you travel for the unknown, that reveals you with yourself.
I had to live in the desert before I could understand the full value of grass in a green ditch.
One travels to run away from routine, that dreadful routine that kills all imagination and all our capacity for enthusiasm.
The sooner we learn to be jointly responsible, the easier the sailing will be.
The true traveller is the one urged to move about for physical, aesthetic, intellectual as well as spiritual reasons.
The wideness of the horizon has to be inside us, cannot be anywhere but inside us, otherwise what we speak about is geographic distances.
The benefits of the accomplished journey cannot be weighed in terms of perfect moments, but in terms of how this journey affects and changes our character.
Certain travellers give the impression that they keep moving because only then do they feel fully alive.
The timelessness of a concept has to be woven into the running warp of dying time, vertical power has to be wedded to the horizontal earth.
One travels to escape from it all, but that is the great illusion: It cannot be done, since one travels with one's mind.
One of the main points about travelling is to develop in us a feeling of solidarity, of that oneness without which no better world is possible.
When the heart speaks, its language is the same under all latitudes.
Not only does travel give us a new system of reckoning, it also brings to the fore unknown aspects of our own self. Our consciousness being broadened and enriched, we shall judge ourselves more correctly.
Those who appreciate the ways of simple tribes, where every activity is direct and immediately understandable, are able to live among them.
It is always our own self that we find at the end of the journey. The sooner we face that self, the better.
Every time I took a long leave from home, I felt as if I were going to conquer the world. Or rather, take possession of what is my birthright, my inheritance.
From the beginning, I wanted to live my own life, and patiently I shored up that desire against wind and tide.
Humanity is made up of an infinity of different individuals. Each of us travels for motives exclusively his own.
I am sure that instinctively we wish to be everything, to possess it - why cut the rose or marry the man, otherwise?
I can see now that a concept or even a feeling makes no sense unless out of our substance we spin around it a web of references, of relationships, of values.
I did not want to be depressed by the gap existing between my weakness and my ambition.
I gained direct knowledge of the life of the poor in big towns: I have lived the narrowing mechanism of its conditioning and feared it.
I refuse to imprison our acts in the rigid mould of sentences.
I wanted to learn a few foreign languages, and therefore I had to go abroad.
One travels so as to learn once more how to marvel at life in the way a child does. And blessed be the poet, the artist who knows how to keep alive his sense of wonder.
Only when one is able to grasp wideness can one possess it.
