Swiss,Psychologist
The goal of education is not to increase the amount of knowledge but to create the possibilities for a child to invent and discover, to create men who are capable of doing new things.
The principle goal of education in the schools should be creating men and women who are capable of doing new things, not simply repeating what other generations have done.
Play is the work of childhood.
It is with children that we have the best chance of studying the development of logical knowledge, mathematical knowledge, physical knowledge, and so forth.
The child often sees only what he already knows. He projects the whole of his verbal thought into things. He sees mountains as built by men, rivers as dug out with spades, the sun and moon as following us on our walks.
Logic and mathematics are nothing but specialised linguistic structures.
Everyone knows that at the age of 11-12, children have a marked impulse to form themselves into groups and that the respect paid to the rules and regulations of their play constitutes an important feature of this social life.
Intelligence is what you use when you don't know what to do: when neither innateness nor learning has prepared you for the particular situation.
I always like to think on a problem before reading about it.
From the moral as from the intellectual point of view, the child is born neither good nor bad but master of his destiny.
During the first few months of an infant's life, its manner of taking the breast, of laying its head on the pillow, etc., becomes crystallized into imperative habits. This is why education must begin in the cradle.
On the one hand, there are individual actions such as throwing, pushing, touching, rubbing. It is these individual actions that give rise most of the time to abstraction from objects.
Scientific knowledge is in perpetual evolution; it finds itself changed from one day to the next.
During the earliest stages the child perceives things like a solipsist who is unaware of himself as subject and is familiar only with his own actions.
The main functions of intelligence, that of inventing solutions and that of verifying them, do not necessarily involve one another. The first partakes of imagination; the second alone is properly logical.
Before playing with his equals, the child is influenced by his parents. He is subjected from his cradle to a multiplicity of regulations, and even before language he becomes conscious of certain obligations.
Every acquisition of accommodation becomes material for assimilation, but assimilation always resists new accommodations.
Logical activity is not the whole of intelligence. One can be intelligent without being particularly logical.
Children's games constitute the most admirable social institutions. The game of marbles, for instance, as played by boys, contains an extremely complex system of rules - that is to say, a code of laws, a jurisprudence of its own.
One of the most striking things one finds about the child under 7-8 is his extreme assurance on all subjects.
Reflective abstraction, however, is based not on individual actions but on coordinated actions.
Childish egocentrism is, in its essence, an inability to differentiate between the ego and the social environment.
Knowing reality means constructing systems of transformations that correspond, more or less adequately, to reality.
Play is the answer to the question, 'How does anything new come about?'
The self thus becomes aware of itself, at least in its practical action, and discovers itself as a cause among other causes and as an object subject to the same laws as other objects.
To express the same idea in still another way, I think that human knowledge is essentially active.
