Swiss,Scientist
Poison is in everything, and no thing is without poison. The dosage makes it either a poison or a remedy.
Medicine is not only a science; it is also an art. It does not consist of compounding pills and plasters; it deals with the very processes of life, which must be understood before they may be guided.
The art of healing comes from nature, not from the physician. Therefore the physician must start from nature, with an open mind.
For it is we who must pray for our daily bread, and if He grants it to us, it is only through our labour, our skill and preparation.
Medicine rests upon four pillars - philosophy, astronomy, alchemy, and ethics.
Man is a microcosm, or a little world, because he is an extract from all the stars and planets of the whole firmament, from the earth and the elements; and so he is their quintessence.
What the eyes perceive in herbs or stones or trees is not yet a remedy; the eyes see only the dross.
What sense would it make or what would it benfit a physician if he discovered the origin of the diseases but could not cure or alleviate them?
Life is like music, it must be composed by ear, feeling and instinct, not by rule. Nevertheless one had better know the rules, for they sometimes guide in doubtful cases, though not often.
Dreams must be heeded and accepted. For a great many of them come true.
When a man undertakes to create something, he establishes a new heaven, as it were, and from it the work that he desires to create flows into him... For such is the immensity of man that he is greater than heaven and earth.
Once a disease has entered the body, all parts which are healthy must fight it: not one alone, but all. Because a disease might mean their common death. Nature knows this; and Nature attacks the disease with whatever help she can muster.
The dreams which reveal the supernatural are promises and messages that God sends us directly: they are nothing but His angels, His ministering spirits, who usually appear to us when we are in a great predicament.
This is alchemy, and this is the office of Vulcan; he is the apothecary and chemist of the medicine.
This process is alchemy: its founder is the smith Vulcan.
From time immemorial artistic insights have been revealed to artists in their sleep and in dreams, so that at all times they ardently desired them.
The interpretation of dreams is a great art.
We do not know it because we are fooling away our time with outward and perishing things, and are asleep in regard to that which is real within ourself.
The dose makes the poison.
For one country is different from another; its earth is different, as are its stones, wines, bread, meat, and everything that grows and thrives in a specific region.
The physician must give heed to the region in which the patient lives, that is to say, to its type and peculiarities.
Dreams are not without meaning wherever thay may come from-from fantasy, from the elements, or from other inspiration.
However, anyone to whom this happens should not leave his room upon awakening, should speak to no-one, but remain alone and sober until everything comes back to him, and he recalls the dream.
If we want to make a statement about a man's nature on the basis of his physiognomy, we must take everything into account; it is in his distress that a man is tested, for then his nature is revealed.
Nature also forges man, now a gold man, now a silver man, now a fig man, now a bean man.
Often the remedy is deemed the highest good because it helps so many.
