Egyptian,Actor
My philosophy is that when I go out of my room, I'm prepared to love everybody I meet, unless they're bad.
The reason it has relevance is because I, as a popular Arab personality - the Arab people like me and respect me - thought it was time for me to make an ever so tiny statement about what I thought about this whole thing.
They didn't accept me theory - not a theory, but just a thought I had about this character. I noticed that this man only exists when the boy comes into the grocery.
This character in the film, these things that he says which sound like advice and wise things, they are very common for Orientals. It's all the tradition.
Working gets in the way of living.
Women know when they've got the menopause but men don't quite know. They know it afterwards.
There are lots of wonderful old Italian actors. You don't need to take an Egyptian to play an Italian actor.
I had too many big passions in life and it gets in the way of work. You can't concentrate properly on the one thing.
I can't say I gave up totally my passion for women but almost.
I didn't want to be a slave to any passion anymore. I gave up card playing altogether, even bridge and gambling - more or less. It took me a few years to get out of it.
I love to be with my son and my grandchildren, like normal people. I have no particular idea of what I represent to other people. It's very mysterious to me. I don't understand it.
I don't know what women are attracted to. I can't tell, but certainly I have no notion of having sex appeal or being seductive in any way.
I don't know what sex appeal is. I don't think you can have sex appeal knowingly. The people who seduce me personally are the people who seem not to know they're seductive, and not to know they have sex appeal.
I see only defects because I'm not following the scene as it were. I'm not following the other person. It's like the best thing to clarify this is the theater.
I'm very wary about giving advice. I think it's very dangerous to give advice to people, except if you know them very well.
I don't think any actor feels comfortable watching themselves in movies. You must be very narcissistic. The problem with your own opinion of yourself is that contrary to the normal spectators, when you watch a film you are in, you only watch yourself.
I want to live every moment totally and intensely. Even when I'm giving an interview or talking to people, that's all that I'm thinking about.
This is one of the factors that also made me very much want to make this film, apart from the fact that I loved it. If the boy hadn't been Jewish and the man hadn't been Muslim, it wouldn't have made any difference to the film. I don't think it's relevant, really.
He read his mind. He's a strange sort of man, isn't he? It's not just the advice and the wisdom that he has.
