Israeli,Designer
My dream is to be a doctor. I'm almost working in a laboratory, because I'm trying new techniques, new directions and fabrics, new weaving.
I wanted to go out of fashion, to study medicine. I thought, you know, who needs fashion? How important is it if you wear a red dress and an orange jacket? It's not, really.
Run away from laziness; work hard. Touch intuition and listen to the heart, not marketing directors. Dream.
When I was either 7 or 8 years old, I did a sketch every day of my teacher and what she wore. At the end of the year, I gave her the sketchbook. For me, the sketching of dresses was about fantasy and dreams.
To be a fashion critic is easy because you just say, 'I love it, I hate it,' but life is more than love and hate.
Nothing is ever enough for me. I'm always thinking what is wrong, what needs to be fixed.
For me, the sketching of dresses was about fantasy and dreams. In my little room at home, I felt that I was somewhere else. In Paris, for instance.
Why not touch things that we hate and turn them upside down and inside out?
If I wasn't a designer, I would love to be a doctor. That is my fantasy, my dream. A doctor will give you a tablet if you have a headache, and I will give you a dress, and we both make you feel good.
Women try to be the best everywhere, and it's impossible. I want my clothes to give women the freedom to just be - I want them to put on my dresses and shine.
If I am in a beautiful place, but I don't like the people, I am miserable.
I don't think that you can write music if you don't know how to play an instrument. You have to know the basics, then you can go forward.
I adore women, and the one thing I want to do more than anything is to see a transformation of personality when someone puts on one of my dresses.
It's a major job to help men and women look beautiful.
I used to hate L.A., but I met such a great group of people there that I fell in love with it.
When I'm traveling the world, I don't ever look anymore at the geography - just enough to catch galleries and paintings.
I am very much a people person.
I think that if you want to pass emotion, you have to write a letter. Emotions do not pass in SMS or in e-mail.
Fashion is not always about what's new, it's also about what's good. And I think if you need to see what's good, you have to be there.
I think a good designer can exist everywhere and anywhere and all the time. It's all about being good, and I think that our job basically is to make women and men look good.
I hate the word 'cool.' It gives me a rash.
The worst thing that can happen is if you're stuck within a bubble and you think that is what life is all about. It's great to see other people and hear from people of different ages and opinions.
The designers, photographers and models I work with, they are really hard-working people who are devoting their lives to fashion. They're kind of like nuns of fashion.
Almost every collection I do has 200 different references. I don't have two of the same coat, two of the same dress. I have it in one color, in one fabric. I've tried to adapt the culture of couture, and the know-how and the heritage, but I try to update it.
Fashion is not enough anymore. It's not just about what you wear. I mean, I don't know how many women can afford to take the time to come to Paris for three fittings.
The problem with couture is not designers; it's what happens when the couturier will no longer be there.
My job is to do. My job is to make women beautiful. What do I have to say?
I don't think you can be a designer if you don't care.
I love women. I get along with women more than men, and I have more women friends.
I hate bridges. I'm always very insecure on bridges.
Fashion doesn't look good only on models; it can look good on different people of different ages and different body shapes.
In high fashion, we're always accused of doing things that are not very relevant, not the real world. I know that it's important sometimes to do fantasy, but I felt like touching people and going back to different women and men, especially the idea of different ages and body shapes.
I'm always looking for a story.
How do you stand out as a fashion ad campaign? By using people off the street; it does generate buzz.
I am not interested in perfection, and neither are the women who wear my clothes.
I'm not a plastic surgeon, and I cannot change the DNA of a person, but when I see a woman try on my clothes and she feels beautiful, I know I am doing my job.
Stay big in your work and small in your life.
I'm not a religious person in the regular sense, but in the Bible you're not allowed to steal, you're not allowed to lie and you're not allowed to feel you're above other people.
If you take something out of the freezer, it's cold, but what happens when it melts? It's a cool party, a cool person, a cool collection. What does that mean? I'm more interested in things that are uncool, things that have a certain individuality, a certain soul, a certain longevity, emotion, fragility.
I live many lives at once.
Mine is a job that never ends, a function where it is almost impossible to set aside time to rest or take a breather.
I barely finish one pre-collection before I must start on another. Sales start, but I am already elsewhere creatively. The men's show is being prepared, but we also need to think about accessories, perfumes and other items. In sum, I never stop.
I certainly can't complain. I work six days a week, if not seven, and eighteen hours out of twenty-four - fortunately, with a great deal of pleasure. Why? Because I only do something if I want to do it; I need to feel a desire, to find pleasure in moving forward, creating, moving, inventing.
I was a fat child; I was asthmatic. No wonder I'm a hypochondriac.
We are being accused that some models are anorexic. But we as fashion designers cannot be blamed, because you know, when I talk to women around the world, rich and poor and young and old and intellectual and not, what they want to be is skinny. You ask them, 'What is your dream?' It's to be skinny. That's all they want.
Me, as a designer who is not exactly skinny, all I want is comfortable clothes.
All I want is beautiful. I mean, I like grey hair, I love wrinkles. But this is me.
Our logo for Lanvin is a mother and a daughter. I've always said, 'It's not a lion, and it's not a horse. It's a mother and a daughter.' I find the logo very emotional.
I love and respect women. I work mostly with women.
'Commercial' is not the word that has to be said only by CEOs. It has to be something that is maybe the essence of design, because design has some sort of art in it and creation, but it's also some object that you have to use. There is also this pragmatic end to it.
When you come into a house like Saint Laurent, or Chanel, or Lanvin, and you go into a place that existed before you were born and will exist after you die, it takes some time to get in, to get to people, and to get the energy of the place.
I always think, if I were an editor, and I was invited to a show, and I would have to wait for 45 minutes in the dark or in the cold or in the heat, maybe I would like to have a fresh drink or a piece of chocolate.
