Israeli,Politician
Every place in the world where there are two peoples - two religions, two languages - there is friction and conflict.
People can choose between the sweet lie or the bitter truth. I say the bitter truth, but many people don't want to hear it.
Even between the best of friends, mistakes and misunderstandings can happen.
The dividing line for Yisrael Beiteinu is who supports terror and who fights terror.
I think I can hold every portfolio - defense, finance and Foreign Ministry. I think personally I'd like the foreign office.
The security of the citizens of Israel, the future of the state of Israel, this is the Israeli government's responsibility.
I've always been controversial because I offer new ideas. For me to be controversial, I think this is positive.
I think the biggest problem of the 21st century is how to deal with minorities.
When Jews are sacrificed, you have to ask yourself who will be next.
Terrorism attacks Jews, but it targets all countries and Western values. Israel is just an hors d'oeuvre.
We established Israel as a Jewish country. I want to provide an Israel that is a Jewish, Zionist country.
In Israel politics, four years is like 400 years in Europe.
The threats against Israel are growing.
Without any doubt, the Iranian threat is the biggest threat facing the Jewish people since the Second World War.
Israel never interferes in the domestic issues of any other country. It's not our matter; it's not our policy.
It's their choice, the choice of the people of Gaza, to create the real peace or at least to create conditions of coexistence.
At the end of the day, Americans know that the ones they really can trust, in all the Middle East, it's only Israel.
It's impossible always to be with the majority in coalition government, especially when it's a very complicated coalition.
What I really - and I would like to clarify my position, to topple Hamas. And I think it's possible to bring reasonable people, moderate people to take power in Gaza Strip.
We see what Hamas, what kind of this organization, how radicals, their ideology, and we see the consequences every day. You know, the rockets on Israel - and I don't know any other countries that they will accept reality with, every day, rockets on their towns, cities.
Israel's relations with the United States are a cornerstone, and without them, we cannot make our way in the current global climate.
The Swedish government needs to understand that relations in the Middle East are more complicated than a piece of furniture from IKEA that you assemble at home.
It is hard to find a country friendlier to Israel than Canada these days. No other country in the world has demonstrated such a full understanding of us.
Any negotiation on the basis of land for peace is a fatal mistake.
The last thing Israel is interested in is an escalation or some military action against Iran.
For some, I will always be 'Ivet the Terrible.'
Those who want peace should prepare for war and be strong.
There is no country that has made as many concessions as Israel. Since 1967, we gave up territory that is three times the size of Israel. We showed willingness.
Israel is under a dual terrorist attack, from within and from without. And terrorism from within is always more dangerous than terrorism from without.
Al Jazeera has abandoned even the semblance of a credible media outlet, and it broadcasts - both within Gaza and outside it, to the world - anti-Semitic incitement, lies, provocation, and encouragement to terrorists.
Israel cannot afford a war of attrition.
I am at peace with all my actions.
Unfortunately, the international community is not ready to deal with Iran's repeated provocations.
It is to be regretted when internal considerations determine a counterproductive and irresponsible foreign policy.
Friendly governments do not act so as to undermine the national security of their friends, and do not presume to know better than their friends how they should contend with the many challenges they face. The Swedish government would do well to rethink its intention to act in this way towards its friend Israel.
Anti-Semitic insults by 'Svoboda' have caused outrage on number of occasions both in Ukraine and in Israel.
Every day, every week, you have another case of Israeli Arabs that are taking part in terrorist activity.
What you have in the Middle East is tension not between Jews and Arabs, not between Israelis and Palestinians, but between the radical wing and the moderate people.
I am the mainstream.
I am waiting for the day when the German Bundestag debates the violation of human rights in Saudi Arabia.
You cannot stop an Islamist tsunami by building a small island somewhere in the ocean.
If, God forbid, a war with Iran breaks out, it will be a nightmare. And we will all be in it, including the Persian Gulf countries and Saudi Arabia. No one will remain unscathed.
I very much favor democracy, but when there is a contradiction between democratic and Jewish values, the Jewish and Zionist values are more important.
I don't believe in the polls. I try to concentrate on the day of elections.
