Israeli,Politician
I flee from symbols. I think those who don't want to solve problems go to the symbols. I'm looking for content.
Attacking innocent people is always obscene.
Every nation has a flag.
The struggle for equality is really a struggle for democracy, and that's why it's a struggle for all the population.
Our beautiful homeland is enough for us, Arabs and Jews. If we turn her into a battlefield, she will spit us out.
Netanyahu personally is leading the campaign against the Arabs.
The Knesset members - Jews and Arabs - don't represent the state of Israel. The government is the one that represents the state of Israel officially.
My people are from Haifa.
I agree with myself on 80 percent of things, but when I look at myself in the mirror in the morning, I still have inner debates about the right thing to do.
The U.S. is friends with dictatorial regimes, then invades places like Iraq and Afghanistan, and what happens afterwards is a catastrophe. In the place of their leaders, fundamentalist movements that use the name of Islam spring up, and all that's left is terror and bloodshed.
If America would really stand behind the two-state solution, they could make real pressure on Israel.
I was a member of the Haifa City Council when I was 23 years old, which made me the youngest city councilman in Israel.
When I began my political career, I identified with Malcolm X.
Israel made peace with Egypt, the largest Arab State. There are militant Islamists there, but there is also law. There are agreements and also defense arrangements there.
Where there is law, and where there is government, there is security.
I am very wanted in my homeland. I am part of the scenery, part of the region. I resemble it.
An Arab who works and pays taxes is good for everyone. An Arab who doesn't work and receives social security stipends is bad for everyone.
The Right everywhere in the world gains more by forming a security agenda while the Left gains from a social agenda.
Just as Jews in the U.S. joined Martin Luther King, I'm sure hundreds of thousands of Jews will join the struggle for civil equality in Israel.
I can argue like a Marxist about whether there was a global Jewish nation 200 years ago or whether it was just a religion. But this really doesn't matter.
If you believe you're a nation, then I accept you as a nation.
In reality, civil rights are more important than national rights. They're the content, the day-to-day: work, life. But people are sensitive to national rights.
I remember, I used to get off a bus, and if there was someone sitting in the station, I remember thinking maybe they were from Shin Bet and came for me.
My goal is that Jews feel safe in their country.
There can't be real peace without improving the integration of Arab society and making it part of the political game.
Maybe for you in America, Dr. King has become boring because you hear about him so much. But for me, he is the man who has most inspired me.
My biggest goal became to bring the weight of and the voice of the Arabs into the Israeli political sphere.
I am not some intellectual hoping to be understood a century from now. I'm a political leader. I have to stand in front of my community. If I am a metre too far out in front of the people, I'll lose them.
