Israeli,Actress
Wonder Woman is a fighter, better than most, but it's what she fights for that is important. It's her vision of a future of peace and acceptance that makes her the right ambassador for everyone.
What's so lovely about Wonder Woman is yes, she has the strength and power of a goddess, but she has the heart and mind of a human. So I play her as I think a woman like me would act in the situations she's going through. You treat her as a normal woman who happens to be fantastic and almighty.
I think women are amazing for being able to show what they feel. I admire women who do. I think it's a mistake when women cover their emotions to look tough. I say let's own who we are and use it as a strength.
At the end of the day, Wonder Woman is a peace seeker. But when fight arrives, she can fight. She's a warrior, and she enjoys the adrenaline of the fight.
I definitely have a strong sense of my Jewish and Israeli identity. I did my two-year military service; I was brought up in a very Jewish, Israeli family environment, so of course my heritage is very important to me.
I am very much in favor of women's rights, being a woman myself, and I support intelligent, successful, independent working women.
I'm kind of sarcastic. Not cynical but sarcastic.
I just keep active - everything that's challenging me, everything that I feel like doing.
I really liked to perform. My mother always tells this story: I was five. They had a party, and they'd put me to bed. I heard everyone on the rooftop, and I went upstairs. No one paid any attention to me, so I took a hose and sprayed everyone. Very elegant, right? 'It's me! Look at me!' I loved the attention.
For me, being an actress, my responsibility is not to pay attention to all the noise around me and to pay attention to the script and the director and protect the character and try to tell her story the best I can.
It is so important for girls and boys to have a female, strong superhero to look up to.
I feel that I've got the opportunity to set a great role model for girls to look up to a strong, active, compassionate, loving, positive woman, and I think it's so important.
I'm a genuine person - I will never promote something I don't believe in.
In real life, I'm the type of girl who doesn't take herself too seriously. I'm very serious when it comes to work, but I like to make jokes and have a good laugh and make fun of myself.
I never planned on being an actress or Wonder Woman, but everything just happened, and I am grateful and happy and in love with what I do.
I represent the 'Wonder Woman' of the new world.
If things had gone according to my plans, I'd be a lawyer. I never dreamt of being an actress.
There aren't enough good roles for strong women. I wish we had more female writers. Most of the female characters you see in films today are the 'poor heartbroken girl.'
Wonder Woman, she's amazing. I love everything that she represents and everything that she stands for. She's all about love and compassion and truth and justice and equality, and she's a whole lot of woman.
Let me start by saying I wish no country had the need for an army. But in Israel, serving is part of being an Israeli. You've got to give back to the state. You give two or three years, and it's not about you. You give your freedom away. You learn discipline and respect.
I want people to have a good impression of Israel. I don't feel like I'm an ambassador for my country, but I do talk about Israel a lot - I enjoy telling people about where I come from and my religion.
I like the lasso of truth. There is something so beautiful about the fact that people have to tell the truth when they have the lasso around them. And it's not too violent.
For me especially, I travel a lot, and with the weather change and everything, my skin gets dehydrated very fast.
I do cardio, but I don't like it as much. I'd rather do weights.
I try to eat healthy. But sometimes, though, I eat cheeseburgers. That's good for the soul. I make sure to balance everything out. I drink tons of water.
All my life, I've been working with male directors, which I've really enjoyed. And I'm lucky in that I've worked with men who have a lot of respect for women. But working with a woman is a different experience. It feels like the communication is different.
