Israeli,Politician
Auschwitz will forever remain the black hole of the entire human history.
The problem is that when we speak of plan Bs, we already negate the possibility of moving on with plan A.
With all its being, the Labor Party supports Israel as a Jewish and democratic state. Labor built the state, and its leaders formulated the Declaration of Independence, the foundational document that anchors Israel as a Jewish state.
I promise: I will be a prime minister to everyone. For right and left, for settlers, Haredim, Druze, Arabs, Circassians. I will be prime minister for the center and for the periphery, for students and senior citizens.
After a long period of division, I will unite Israel.
Whoever wants Yesh Atid in the government has to vote for us - there's no other choice.
Unfortunately, the diplomatic destruction Netanyahu is causing will lead Israel to lose its Jewish majority and become a binational state. This unfortunate fact is something no law can hide.
My family has been rooted and intertwined with Jerusalem for generations, and I am among those who say every day, 'May You return to Your city, Jerusalem, with compassion.'
I don't need a U.N. report to tell me whether my army... operates according to the international law guidelines.
We have to build an iron wall to protect Israel.
I agree that a nuclear Iran is extremely dangerous, and I believe that it must be prevented.
No Israeli leader will accept a nuclear Iran.
Housing is the number one problem facing the citizens of Israel.
I grew up in a house where service to the country was a way of life, not a means of reaching a personal goal.
We need to separate the two peoples: Israeli Arabs are part and parcel of Israel, and Palestinians should be separate, as part of a two-state solution.
Rabbis throughout the ages, from Rabbi Avraham Yitzhak Hacohen Kook onward, strictly prohibited going up on the Temple Mount. And now there is a minority group of rabbis encouraging Jews to go.
We have to be responsible in what we say as leaders.
I never argued against the position of the Chief Rabbinate on holy sites, including the Western Wall.
There is no difference between me and Netanyahu in reading the threat of Iran. There is no daylight between us on this issue at all.
Look what's going on: the Iranians are spreading military capabilities throughout the region; look what's going on in Yemen, Hizbollah, their cooperation with Assad, terror activities the world over, undermining regimes and states.
My dad always had huge respect for the British Army. He always thought it was one of the best. And I think it changed his life - those seven years in that Army.
Israel is duty-bound to take in refugees.
The rogue states have to be told that there are lines that cannot be crossed.
The needs of the business sector must be understood.
There is a direct connection that cannot be severed between the diplomatic process and growth and prosperity.
Israel needs to separate from Netanyahu in order to separate from the Palestinians.
