American,Activist
It's fine to have social media that connects us with old friends, but we need tools that help us discover new people as well.
If I use Facebook to stay in touch with my high school friends who are church-going Republicans, I may be getting more ideological diversity than in hanging out with secular progressives on the World Politics sub-reddit.
A common language is a first step towards communication across cultural boundaries.
I can read a lot of French newspapers with Google Translate and have them read quite comfortably.
On Twitter, if you want to quote someone else, you say, 'RT, re-tweet, that person's name, and then what they said before.' And it's a way of essentially saying, 'I'm not saying this, but my friend said this and I thought this was interesting.'
A world where everyone creates content gets confusing pretty quickly without a good search engine.
It's become relatively commonplace to find corners of Africa that have good cell coverage but no electrical power.
There's no locality on the web - every market is a global market.
Talking about 'stopping globalization' is unrealistic - and probably not what anti-globalization protesters actually want.
When you sign up for Facebook, the service first searches for any mentions of your name and suggests you befriend anyone who has mentioned you in their posts. It then asks to access your e-mail account so you can connect with anyone with whom you regularly correspond.
Teenagers try to hide what's really going on in their communication online.
Reading the text of my blog itself is not really the interesting part. The exciting part is how the Internet allows me to be the eyes and ears for the people sending me postings from Africa.
The U.S. media have done a shameful job of reporting on the Arab world.
I can imagine Iceland becoming a good place to run a controversial Web site. But... Iceland may find itself forced to defend controversial speech.
The Internet has become a bunch of interlinked but linguistically distinct and culturally specific spaces. There's some interface between them, but there's a lot less than there was years back when we were sort of pretending that this was one great global space.
The uptake on mobile phones in Africa is phenomenal.
You can make the case that slacktivism is important because it makes people feel affiliated to a movement and be part of it, and talk about it.
Google doesn't really forget.
If we need simple narratives so people can amplify and spread them, are we forced to engage only with the simplest of problems?
The Internet challenges traditional ways of distributing and processing information and so encourages new standards and behavior.
Curators are great, but they're inherently biased. Curators are always making an editorial decision. Those biases have really big implications.
Engineering serendipity is this idea that we can help people come across unexpected but helpful connections at a better than random rate. And in some ways it's based on trying to reassess this notion of serendipitous as lucky - to think of serendipitous as smart.
Re-tweeting is a pretty common practice on Twitter, but on an average day, we see maybe one out of 20 posts is a re-tweet.
The Internet has not become the great leveller that it was once thought it could be.
When I was growing up in the U.S. in the 1970s, 35-40% of an average nightly newscast focused on international stories.
The wider world is a click away, but whether we mean to or not, we're usually filtering it out.
