British,Activist
One of the remarkable things about Donald Trump is that he didn't just beat the Progressive establishment - he also beat the Conservative establishment. Two political tribes that dominated Washington for half a century were defeated in the space of one election campaign.
Political correctness never rears its ugly head independently. It always shows up as a series of actions designed, to this observer, to crush the souls of those blessed with common sense.
Behind every racist joke is a scientific fact.
Feminism is like any female-dominated group - a perpetual catfight.
Black Lives Matter is the culmination of racial divide. They're nothing more than the last socially acceptable hate group in America.
On campuses, where Liberal softies still rule with an iron fist, feminism is as safe as a city with no women drivers. That is the only thing I support about Saudi Arabia, by the way.
Let's be clear: no one is forced into hazing. If you don't want to be hazed, don't join a fraternity.
Feminism is cancer.
Shallow emotions. An incapacity to feel genuine love. A need for stimulation. Frequent verbal outbursts. Poor behavioural controls. These are just some of the things that social media are encouraging in all of us. They're also a pretty comprehensive diagnostic checklist for sociopathy - in fact, that's where I got the list.
I care about facts. I don't care about your feelings.
How can feminism be pro-women without being pro-motherhood? There is nothing more unique about being a woman.
I enjoy upsetting the right people. I love poking fun at earnest censors. I want to push the bounds of what can be said on the Internet.
Something inside of me tells me that being homosexual is probably wrong.
My theory is that women simply can't get along with each other or work well together.
I have never been offended. I don't know what it means. It's not that I disagree with it. I don't understand it. I've never had that feeling. I don't let feelings control my life. I'm more disciplined than other people.
It's not okay to lie about people and particularly not okay to hurl the worst imaginable names at people just because you think you might not like their politics.
The white working class wants jobs. They don't want to be stuck trying to make ends meet with part-time work and government assistance. They want a good paying job that they can take pride in. The type of job that has fled America thanks to the Left.
I have ridiculously bad eyesight, but I have learned to live with an impressionistic view. Life is a Monet painting. I wander around enjoying myopia.
Black Lives Matter is the ultimate divisive movement. They aren't shy about what they don't like, which is western civilization, capitalism, and the rule of law. They really dislike the police, and certainly get the credit for the war between black men and police.
The only real shaming I've ever experienced has been from other gay people when I reveal my politics or my religion.
What's revolting is the body-positivity movement. What's revolting is this idea now that you can tell women they'll be happy and healthy at any size. Why? Because it tells women that you can be fat, and you can be unattractive, and you can be happy anyway. That's a lie.
The white working class desires safety for their families, but Islam brings everything but safety. Look at Europe!
Trump is a cultural candidate for president, not an economic one. He clearly loves America and wants America to stay America. America won't be America if it has open borders and mass Muslim immigration.
I love myself. I am the best person I know.
Men and women are different: we have different tendencies, skills, and behaviors. This should be accepted and fostered, not demonized. Because the end result is simply more effeminate men and more masculine women. Who wants that?
Just telling the facts are no longer enough. You now have to be persuasive, charismatic, interesting, and funny. Just telling people things isn't enough anymore.
Let's be clear about one thing. Non-college educated doesn't mean stupid. It means you wisely chose not to pay $40,000 a year to be lectured on microaggressions.
In the minds of a Liberal, someone who isn't Christian might be offended if we say Merry Christmas to them, so we shouldn't say Merry Christmas to anyone. The logic is bizarre!
'White supremacist' and 'white nationalist' aren't like 'meanypants' - you can't just attach them to people you don't like without any thought to the consequences. The progressive Left has done it to ordinary Americans for decades. The result? President Trump.
Every voice on the Left bleated about how they feared protests and riots by angry Donald Trump supporters if and when he lost the election, yet it is the Leftists themselves destroying property and blocking roads. Everyone can see where the hate is coming from. Everyone.
Twitter could save a lot of money by writing its executives' names on their doors with pencil instead of fancy placards. Like an episode of 'Suits,' Twitter execs come, go, change jobs and disappear under black clouds every few minutes. Office administration costs must be astronomical!
One of the favorite things I've learned about Michigan State is that they set up a 'Women's course' in 1896. It sounds like the first gender studies department! But when I looked into it, they taught women home economics, liberal arts, and science. So the women's course was actually a useful degree! It actually teaches something productive!
I delight in offending people. I think the grievance brigade, victimhood, the idea that hurt feelings are some kind of special currency - I think that needs to come to an end.
It is easy for Americans to forget a simple fact that is very clear to the people around the world that yearn to live in this country: America is the best country in the entire damn world! It deserves to be made great again, because America is, in the words of President Ronald Reagan, 'the last best hope of mankind.'
Back before our civilization despised itself, we applauded tough men. But you can't produce tough men - or honorable women - without tough love. If you want to keep civilization, you better start by insisting that boys grow up, instead of trying to infantilize them so they're afraid to stop sucking their thumbs.
Hillary herself has said that before it was called Obamacare, it was called Hillarycare. She probably isn't so happy with that comparison now, is she?
To be honest, I'm shocked the University of Washington's sports teams are called the Huskies. Why haven't the Leftists that run this entire state demanded they be renamed the 'Athletes of Size' so as to not fat shame anyone?
Twitter died when the company banned me from its platform. I know that sounds egotistical. But remember what I just said. I'm right about everything.
Deep in my heart, I care about social-justice warriors.
In their rush to placate everyone and offend no one - and in particular to pander to Islam - the Left wants to shut down Christianity.
Besides Christianity and specifically Catholicism being wonderful, Christmas is intrinsic to American culture and worth defending. Think of what happens at Christmas time. People play Mariah Carey Christmas songs... What else do you need in life?
The Clintons represent three decades of the Democrat party being completely sure of getting the black vote, while doing nothing to help the black community in return.
Democrats don't understand what is wrong in the black community or how to fix it. If they do, they don't care.
The state of Michigan going to Trump was an amazing thing. Of course the fake news media was shocked; they never considered that white working class residents of Michigan may not like being called evil racists clinging to guns and Bibles.
Hillary Clinton was rejected soundly by America, but instead of changing course, the Democrats and their media allies are intent on telling Americans just how terrible they are for embracing Donald Trump.
Donald Trump can take his message directly to the people via rallies and addresses carried over social media. I'd call them updated versions of Roosevelt's fireside chats, but a portion of my younger readership doesn't even know what a radio is thanks to a Democrat-run education system.
The dirty little secret the media doesn't want to admit is that Trump generates such good content that they can't help covering him even when they hate him.
I don't see it as a bad thing that I surround myself with edgy people. Because they're interesting.
I'm an invention of the Internet. I'm like, the Internet went away for a few years and designed what the perfect online personality would look like and came back with me.
The alt-right for me is primarily a cultural reaction to the nannying and language policing and authoritarianism of the progressive left - the stranglehold that it has on culture.
The alt-right believes that Western culture is currently imperiled and that the elites on both sides of the political divide are not doing enough to protect it. In that analysis, I think they're right.
The only person really at risk at any of my talks is me.
As is now painfully obvious from my Twitter ban, boycotts tend to make the shunned more popular.
I'm not in the business of being 'friendly.' First and foremost, I'm a journalist. My business is the truth. Now, I happen to be other things, too - a pop-culture phenomenon, the most in-demand speaker on the campus lecture circuit, whatever. But I believe in facts.
People assume because I have a very thick skin that I don't have feelings. I don't, for the most part. But occasionally, I'm capable of great acts of charity. I tend to do it quietly.
It's a shame that gays who ought to be pushing boundaries have been domesticated and tamed and turned into pets by the Progressive Left.
The Republican party has become as hostile towards its own base as the Liberals have always been.
I've come around to thinking that having Donald Trump in the White House would be wonderful. Even if he isn't able to achieve very much. Now, daddy's gonna build the wall, daddy's gonna fix trade. That's going to happen.
Calvin Coolidge was one of the best presidents. Why? Because he did absolutely nothing.
If the Internet, ubiquitous as it now is, proves too dangerous in the hands of the psychologically fragile, perhaps access to it ought to be restricted. We ban drunks from driving because they're a danger to others. Isn't it time we did the same to trolls?
I do say things in a way that is going to elicit a response from people.
Some day, when I'm done triggering special snow flakes on campus, when I'm tired of all this, I might quite like a little Milo.
Cal Poly is my kind of school. So many universities I visit boast about boring alumni like pioneering surgeons and Olympic athletes. But Cal Poly has none other than Weird Al Yankovic!
Believe me, I've known a lot of journalists, and their opinions on most subjects are wrong. If the entire mainstream media is aligned against Trump, it is just about the best endorsement he could hope for!
