American,Playwright
It could draw from a greater reservoir of freedom. The irony could develop an even greater ease.
I think isolation is one of the greatest problems, an ever-growing obstacle to political solidarity.
Literature that keeps employing new linguistic and formal modes of expression to draft a panorama of society as a whole while at the same time exposing it, tearing the masks from its face - for me that would be deserving of an award.
It's interesting that the treatment of historical events by art precedes the civilisation of people through democracy.
A woman who becomes famous through her work reduces her erotic value. A woman is permitted to chat or babble, but speaking in public with authority is still the greatest transgression.
As is said about most writers, on the one hand, all I ever did from when I was a child was read, and I was a loner, which was furthered by my parents and my upbringing. On the other hand, the more I read, the more I felt this well-known fissure between me and the world.
My training in music and composition then led me to a kind of musical language process in which, for example, the sound of the words I play with has to expose their true meaning against their will so to speak.
I have the feeling it will influence my future writing to the extent that without any material worries I could develop a greater ease, even lightheartedness, in my writing.
I do not want to have the feeling of writing 'for eternity', so to speak.
Eroding solidarity paradoxically makes a society more susceptible to the construction of substitute collectives and fascisms of all kinds.
I would gladly do it but I am suffering from social phobia. I cannot manage being in a crowd of people.
I cannot stand public attention, I just can't. Of course, if I may I might write something instead.
The government has once again made the right socially acceptable.
I do not fight against men, but against the system that is sexist.
My plays are made up of long monologues, which is similar to prose working with the language.
The problem is that it is difficult to translate.
I am not made to be pulled into the public as a person. I feel threatened there.
I'm not one of those women writers who are obsessed by their ego, possibly because I don't have one.
I find the Internet to be the most wonderful thing there is. It connects people. Everyone can have input.
It's a wonderfully democratic method, publishing a text on the Internet.
As long as I have books and DVDs, I don't miss much.
I can really write what I want. I can take time; I can do nothing for a year. That is paradise.
It doesn't suit me as a person to be put on public display.
I don't do what I do willingly, but I have to do it.
I seek to cast an incorruptible gaze on women, especially where they are the accomplices of men.
My writings are limited to depicting analytically, but also polemically, the horrors of reality. Redemption is the speciality of other authors, male and female.
