French,Playwright
The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it.
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation.
Every good act is charity. A man's true wealth hereafter is the good that he does in this world to his fellows.
Grammar, which knows how to control even kings.
The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
Unreasonable haste is the direct road to error.
There's nothing quite like tobacco: it's the passion of decent folk, and whoever lives without tobacco doesn't deserve to live.
The duty of comedy is to correct men by amusing them.
Writing is like prostitution. First you do it for love, and then for a few close friends, and then for money.
All the ills of mankind, all the tragic misfortunes that fill the history books, all the political blunders, all the failures of the great leaders have arisen merely from a lack of skill at dancing.
No matter what Aristotle and the Philosophers say, nothing is equal to tobacco; it's the passion of the well-bred, and he who lives without tobacco lives a life not worth living.
If you suppress grief too much, it can well redouble.
If everyone were clothed with integrity, if every heart were just, frank, kindly, the other virtues would be well-nigh useless.
One should eat to live, not live to eat.
A lover tries to stand in well with the pet dog of the house.
It is the public scandal that offends; to sin in secret is no sin at all.
One ought to look a good deal at oneself before thinking of condemning others.
A learned fool is more a fool than an ignorant fool.
I live on good soup, not on fine words.
If you make yourself understood, you're always speaking well.
I prefer a pleasant vice to an annoying virtue.
Oh, how fine it is to know a thing or two.
The more we love our friends, the less we flatter them; it is by excusing nothing that pure love shows itself.
It is a strange enterprise to make respectable people laugh.
I want to be distinguished from the rest; to tell the truth, a friend to all mankind is not a friend for me.
It's true Heaven forbids some pleasures, but a compromise can usually be found.
Esteem must be founded on preference: to hold everyone in high esteem is to esteem nothing.
He who follows his lessons tastes a profound peace, and looks upon everybody as a bunch of manure.
