Irish,Playwright
Won't you come into the garden? I would like my roses to see you.
Fertilizer does no good in a heap, but a little spread around works miracles all over.
Those that vow the most are the least sincere.
That old man dies prematurely whose memory records no benefits conferred. They only have lived long who have lived virtuously.
Do thou snatch treasures from my lips, and I'll take kingdoms back from thine.
Remember that when you meet your antagonist, to do everything in a mild agreeable manner. Let your courage be keen, but, at the same time, as polished as your sword.
There is not a passion so strongly rooted in the human heart as envy.
Death's a debt; his mandamus binds all alike- no bail, no demurrer.
You know it is not my interest to pay the principal, or my principal to pay the interest.
I'm called away by particular business - but I leave my character behind me.
Conscience has no more to do with gallantry than it has with politics.
My valor is certainly going, it is sneaking off! I feel it oozing out as it were, at the palms of my hands!
The surest way to fail is not to determine to succeed.
Pity those who nature abuses; never those who abuse nature.
Ay, ay, the best terms will grow obsolete: damns have had their day.
I open with a clock striking, to beget an awful attention in the audience - it also marks the time, which is four o clock in the morning, and saves a description of the rising sun, and a great deal about gilding the eastern hemisphere.
There is nothing on earth so easy as to forget, if a person chooses to set about it. I'm sure I have as much forgot your poor, dear uncle, as if he had never existed; and I thought it my duty to do so.
I mean, the question actors most often get asked is how they can bear saying the same things over and over again, night after night, but God knows the answer to that is, don't we all anyway; might as well get paid for it.
For if there is anything to one's praise, it is foolish vanity to be gratified at it, and if it is abuse - why one is always sure to hear of it from one damned good-natured friend or another!
There's no possibility of being witty without a little ill-nature.
Be just before you are generous.
'Tis safest in matrimony to begin with a little aversion.
Certainly nothing is unnatural that is not physically impossible.
Modesty is a quality in a lover more praised by the women than liked.
He is indebted to his memory for his jests and to his imagination for his facts.
You write with ease to show your breeding, but easy writing's curst hard reading.
