British,Playwright
Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species.
We are not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love. It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person.
It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
Every production of an artist should be the expression of an adventure of his soul.
At a dinner party one should eat wisely but not too well, and talk well but not too wisely.
Beauty is an ecstasy; it is as simple as hunger. There is really nothing to be said about it. It is like the perfume of a rose: you can smell it and that is all.
The essence of the beautiful is unity in variety.
An unfortunate thing about this world is that the good habits are much easier to give up than the bad ones.
There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.
It is not true that suffering ennobles the character; happiness does that sometimes, but suffering for the most part, makes men petty and vindictive.
Like all weak men he laid an exaggerated stress on not changing one's mind.
The artist produces for the liberation of his soul. It is his nature to create as it is the nature of water to run down the hill.
Excess on occasion is exhilarating. It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
It's no good trying to keep up old friendships. It's painful for both sides. The fact is, one grows out of people, and the only thing is to face it.
The ability to quote is a serviceable substitute for wit.
The crown of literature is poetry.
In the country the darkness of night is friendly and familiar, but in a city, with its blaze of lights, it is unnatural, hostile and menacing. It is like a monstrous vulture that hovers, biding its time.
Marriage is a very good thing, but I think it's a mistake to make a habit out of it.
It wasn't until late in life that I discovered how easy it is to say, 'I don't know.'
We know our friends by their defects rather than by their merits.
You can do anything in this world if you are prepared to take the consequences.
What has influenced my life more than any other single thing has been my stammer. Had I not stammered I would probably... have gone to Cambridge as my brothers did, perhaps have become a don and every now and then published a dreary book about French literature.
What makes old age hard to bear is not the failing of one's faculties, mental and physical, but the burden of one's memories.
I can imagine no more comfortable frame of mind for the conduct of life than a humorous resignation.
When you choose your friends, don't be short-changed by choosing personality over character.
There is no explanation for evil. It must be looked upon as a necessary part of the order of the universe. To ignore it is childish, to bewail it senseless.
Things were easier for the old novelists who saw people all of a piece. Speaking generally, their heroes were good through and through, their villains wholly bad.
No egoism is so insufferable as that of the Christian with regard to his soul.
It is salutary to train oneself to be no more affected by censure than by praise.
A man marries to have a home, but also because he doesn't want to be bothered with sex and all that sort of thing.
In Hollywood, the women are all peaches. It makes one long for an apple occasionally.
If you want to eat well in England, eat three breakfasts.
The writer of prose can only step aside when the poet passes.
It is unsafe to take your reader for more of a fool than he is.
Money is the string with which a sardonic destiny directs the motions of its puppets.
Have common sense and stick to the point.
The great American novel has not only already been written, it has already been rejected.
Let us develop the resources of our land, call forth its powers, build up its institutions, promote all its great interests, and see whether we also, in our day and generation, may not perform something worthy to be remembered.
If you don't change your beliefs, your life will be like this forever. Is that good news?
Tolerance is another word for indifference.
The world in general doesn't know what to make of originality; it is startled out of its comfortable habits of thought, and its first reaction is one of anger.
Few misfortunes can befall a boy which bring worse consequence than to have a really affectionate mother.
It is not wealth one asks for, but just enough to preserve one's dignity, to work unhampered, to be generous, frank and independent.
I made up my mind long ago that life was too short to do anything for myself that I could pay others to do for me.
Old age is ready to undertake tasks that youth shirked because they would take too long.
There are two good things in life - freedom of thought and freedom of action.
You know what the critics are. If you tell the truth they only say you're cynical and it does an author no good to get a reputation for cynicism.
Death doesn't affect the living because it has not happened yet. Death doesn't concern the dead because they have ceased to exist.
You are not angry with people when you laugh at them. Humor teaches tolerance.
Men have an extraordinarily erroneous opinion of their position in nature; and the error is ineradicable.
The world is quickly bored by the recital of misfortune, and willing avoids the sight of distress.
Money is like a sixth sense without which you cannot make a complete use of the other five.
Sentimentality is the only sentiment that rubs you the wrong way.
It's very hard to be a gentleman and a writer.
The writer is more concerned to know than to judge.
When you are young you take the kindness people show you as your right.
We have long passed the Victorian Era when asterisks were followed after a certain interval by a baby.
Considering how foolishly people act and how pleasantly they prattle, perhaps it would be better for the world if they talked more and did less.
It is well known that Beauty does not look with a good grace on the timid advances of Humour.
