Trinidadian,Musician
Creating the album 'VIBES' has been the biggest life lesson I have ever learned.
I believe your atmosphere and your surroundings create a mind state for you.
I like to keep a uniform - wear a blazer, try to keep the same colour pants; very tailored, very fitted but still edgy.
Becoming a walking, dancing, fire-breathing lifestyle dragon is not something you can pursue overnight! It takes years of studying, living, and understanding the modern culture!
To me, my brand is luxury, it's art, it's women, it's raw, it's urban.
I want to wear something that's not perfectly matching; there has to be something unorthodox about it. I want to create this mystery.
I collect different game hats, like Syracuse Women's Volleyball; I have a Navy Basketball hat. They're all vintage but in new condition.
I like connecting with people through technology.
If I walk into a store, I'm going to buy the best jacket or the best item in the store, hands down.
I wore my same look for six years. My hat and glasses - people recognize me now.
Believe in yourself and believe in magic.
I find it soothing, the thought of a movie theater.
While my cousins were gang-banging, I was trying to learn what the Internet was about.
After Andy Warhol died, it left a dark cloud over N.Y.C. nightlife.
New York feels vibrant... It feels electric to walk the streets at night.
I love to hear a cool ambient sound at runway shows. It creates a good energy.
I didn't grow up drawing runway models and deciding what they should wear.
My mind moves very fast. I go through a lot of moods and emotions.
I moved my studio to Palm Springs 'cause I don't like the idea of going to a studio every day like a job... I need to make a personal record, so I need to be in a house... I don't want to be in a studio where people can hear the music 'cause I don't know what it is yet.
In high school, I always dressed to impress the girls.
DMX wasn't checking what his fans were saying to him on Twitter or Facebook. Jay-Z is on a boat in Saint-Tropez. I'm hands-on. Girls write to me like I'm their diary. That's a huge responsibility. I don't take it for granted.
Shopping at any level is a bit of therapy for my medulla oblongata.
Whatever I receive from a higher power gets me pumped, which gets the crowd pumped, which gets me more pumped, and then we're just pumped up.
Colby Jordan is one of the most fashion-forward and passionate girls I know. She gives me these young Anna Wintour vibes when I'm around her!
I connect to SpongeBob in a way; like, that's the homie. He can chill on the corner with me.
Hip-hop is like underground. I don't know if hip-hop exists anymore. I don't know if it does.
I understand demographics.
I love fashion week. It has great energy and vibe.
I am more into guys' fashion, but I'm inspired by women's fashion in a weird way.
When I want to choose to work with someone, you know, I definitely have to do some research on their background and how they were raised as people.
Mixtapes are very personal, and they describe who you are better than an album sometimes.
When you're a kid, you're only exposed to what's going on in your mind. The mind is like a bigger-than-outer-space type of thing.
I hate writing texts to girlfriends because you can't really see emotions in texts. You can get confused on what she says.
The Royal Family doesn't go out shopping for their uniforms: they've got some guy sewing on all the ornaments in-house. You could say I've got my own in-house team as well.
I like Jeremy Scott, and he has some really dope sneakers.
Let's see: I'm into a whole bunch of different people - Alexander Wang... that's my dude.
The most time I spent home in 2009 was about a month.
I keep a creative group around me.
Brands are in your face 24/7; I'm sure you've consumed a couple brands today. So it's fun working with them. People recognize brands, and people are starting to recognize my brand.
I started performing music about the age of 16. I lived in Brooklyn, New York, and this thing called the Flatbush Fair comes once a year. That was my first time on stage.
I want to produce the best popular music I can.
I'm trying to fuse popular and commercial music and just make very creative music. It's popular music: it's everything for everybody.
Europe were kind of the first ones to embrace my music; the kids from around the way would come out to my shows and really enjoy it.
You should treat your body like a canvas.
Go to American Apparel; they have all of the colors of socks.
I'm on the sockless and un-sockless teams. I'm on both sides.
I wanted to only collab with women for 'Lovers Holiday.'
'Billie Jean' was a negative dance song, and that was one of the best dance songs ever.
I love an art-school girl. I mean... don't we all?
I collect a lot of clothes when I travel around the world.
I'm kind of brandless. I don't like big logos or whatever.
I am international. When I put out my second mixtape, we did four tours and a tour overseas.
I admire traveling; I appreciate it a lot.
I don't want to be easily defined.
I might want to open a hotel and design all the rooms. Or maybe a museum that lets me curate all the events.
When you're a new person and a new idea, you get invited to all these different things, and everybody wants a piece of you. And you want to be polite and say yes to everything, but it gets dangerous.
Punk music is rebellious.
I'm a big fan of pop music - I think Marvin Gaye was pop music; things like that.
I take references from the past and flip them.
Some people thought Theophilus was a fake name. Whatever.
A lot of my favorite artists are fashion icons.
A lot of young kids like myself use Instagram because it has swag - it's more personal, and your friends generate it.
When I say 'rare,' it's my own term. It's like you're doing something with a photo that is dominant that no one has ever seen before. #Rare means that it can only be seen here. It's just a rare moment that I'm sharing with the world.
I can pull off anything; I have the height and the attitude. The only thing I can't wear is a leotard, but I can wear anything else.
I've made sure to always update my web properties constantly - Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, my Hypebeast blog... making sure I divided content across all of them to keep each outlet fresh to keep people coming back.
People are always looking at their phones and computer. It's the first place people turn in the morning and where everyone's keeping in touch and getting their news.
We're a fast-moving, needy species.
I never go black tie. I never grew up wearing ties or bow ties or anything.
I can't really change for a climate. I've got to be Theophilus London in any weather.
I like to wear a lot of one-tone color outfits - same color trousers, same color shirt.
I focus a lot on my voice because I want it to be an instrument as well. I want my voice to add color.
I always tell myself, 'When I'm working on my record, I won't cut my hair.' I get so focused on the music that I'm not really going to the hair shop and getting cut up. I just have one thing to focus on.
I'm not on a record like some rapper trying to boast about my clothes or where I'm from. I'm creating stories, experiences, the way places make me feel, the way a person makes me feel.
I listen to a lot of really old western and country music. There's a lot of cool stuff in there... all the heartbreak of the country darkness.
I think it's more interesting to play a place where no one really knows you, but I think touring is also great.
I went to Brazil in 2010 and pretty much did songs about that trip. I was there just to hang out, chill with the people, and feel the vibe. It was great - tons of great women, great skin, good beaches. Can't complain; the food is great.
Your voice is like a very serious instrument that you have to tame if you want to be an amazing singer - Marvin Gaye or Michael Jackson.
The Internet is a very powerful tool; unfortunately it's starting to get a little saturated.
I don't want no mail. Send me a Facebook message.
I love N.Y.C.! I can't think of any individual that hates New York.
I'm listening to early Cash Money, I'm listening to Juvenile, I'm listening to Waka Flocka, I'm listening to Lil B, I'm listening to Brandy, Kanye - that's my home playlist.
I went to school for marketing for one year before I dropped out of college to make music.
Just because 50,000 people on the Internet know me, I'm not patting myself on the back at the end of the night.
I want to change the color of Starbucks from green to red. Whose job was it to say, 'This is going to be green?' I want that to be my job.
Gold looks good on my skin, and gold looks good on black people, I think.
Twitter is essential to me because I wake up and check it religiously. It's a way I communicate with my fan base.
I have a few friends that have inspired me since I was a young kid. When I watch old films or modern movies - particularly 'Gladiator,' 'New Jack City' and 'The Skin I Live In' - I'll also get ideas.
I have a personal barber, Mister C. He lives in Brooklyn, but he travels with me. He used to cut Lady Gaga's hair, but he fired her to work for me.
When I was younger, I wasn't thinking about fit. Clothes are measured just for me now. I know that's not what the average person does, but I've gotten smart about what fits my body the right way and what makes me feel comfortable.
I own over ninety-five different hats and, over the years, have lost or given away 120 hats. You gain to lose... you lose to gain.
As snap-backs became more popular, I started to search and expand my hat game.
I went to Texas a few times for gigs and adopted the cowboy look. Every man, at some point in his life, goes through a cowboy stage - everyone! Well, at least everyone that I look up to!
I'm not a beach person.
Thirty-five percent of all my dates were at the movies from 2013 to 2014.
I love to see the rarest movies, the most talked-about movies and documentaries. I read all the reviews and compare them to see if it's worth going! I have a secret movie critic blog I have shown no one or promoted, and I intend to keep it that way.
The Gap has always been an iconic, go-to brand that reminds me of my childhood.
I always imagined how cool it would be to be the face of a Gap campaign!
I remember in the fifth grade my dad would take me to Manhattan to shop for clothes.
Growing up as a city kid is a joyous time!
Brooklyn for twenty years, I've learned that there is always someone better than you at what you do.
I admire natural, untouched beauty.
A lot of my friends inspire my style, and they don't even know it.
Some people have style without even knowing it!
Style is a form of expression! It's what makes your character your character, to put it in laymen's term.
My favorite brand I have ever artistically collaborated, entertained, and supported over the years is the huge house that Coco Chanel built: Chanel.
Karl Lagerfeld is the hardest-working man in showbiz!
I'm gonna walk super, super slow to when I turn 40 or something. To me, walking and floating slow represents how wealthy you are!
