Argentinian,Athlete
Tennis has had a very positive impact on my life.
I'm having a good time. Managing my things takes a lot of time.
When I got to match point in the final I was afraid I'd be a little nervous, but I just said, You have to stay focused, just think about what you have to do.
For me retiring wasn't hard once I knew that that was the decision I was going to make.
I can't laugh, be happy, present myself at any prize and also win on the centre court.
I carried through well with my tennis. I got the respect by usage of the tennis racket.
I didn't know what was going through my mind.
I felt nobody would understand what was going on in my mind.
I have an office in Argentina, I go there every day, so I work.
I lost more then 6 kilograms when I ceased with the top sport. That were all muscles. They are now gone.
I never thought tennis was going to give me so much satisfaction.
I played Mary Joe Fernandez in the semifinals. She was winning the first set. Second set was very close. I started to play this aggressive game. I think I surprised them.
I served, she came to the net, it was a passing shot.
I think in the lifetime of a tennis player there are many times where you feel that tremendous confidence.
I travel a lot to promote the perfumes and to do the commercials.
I want children, but at the moment the liberty I have now finally, has a far too high value.
I want not, that everybody hears about. Then I can't longer be myself.
I was a very shy and introverted person, and it was hard for me to talk to people and make relationships.
I was feeling a lot of confidence, so I wanted to take advantage of that and keep playing.
I was formerly so stuck into plans. I can now live more spontaneously. This I want not yet to give away.
I work out in a studio. Every day, regardless where I am, at least two hours. I need it. I can't cease it.
It came so soon and so fast. It's just overwhelming. Every time I think about it, I just can't believe it.
It was very hard for me to practice and enjoy my tennis, and I didn't know the why, so I worked with psychologists to try and see what was happening. They pushed me really hard.
It's a great moment for Argentinean tennis, more on the men's side. I would like to see more on the women's side. I think we have to work a little bit more on that.
It's amazing, it doesn't feel like it has been 10 years since retirement.
Now I have the bravery to do fine things.
