Venezuelan,Athlete
I keep working hard to show people they're wrong.
Life is so fast. And I still remember when I came up to the big leagues and played as if it were yesterday. Time flies.
Any position they want me to play, I'll be there.
That's everyone's motivation: to get to the playoffs and win the World Series.
I just come every day, do my stuff before the game, work hard. You work hard, and it pays off.
I was afraid if I started to hit home runs, my average would drop.
I just try to do my best every at-bat. That's what I plan to do.
We want to win and make a push.
That's where my focus is all the time, trying to get on base.
It's tough to lose every day.
It's hard for a shortstop to play with a guy you don't know in the middle of the season. If you know a guy early in spring training, you're working with them.
I don't want to be jumping from team to team.
I want to finish my career in Cleveland. They gave me the opportunity to play in the big leagues.
Some years you have good years, some years you don't.
I don't spend the whole off-season in Venezuela. I spend a couple of weeks in Cleveland, go to Florida, take my son to Disney World. But I still have my home, and my whole family lives in Venezuela.
I just work every day.
I feel like I want to be an Indian all my career.
When you make the playoffs, it's like you've done your job for the team. I've got that moment in my mind all the time, and I want to be there again.
It makes you feel good that another team wants you, but I play with my heart.
Only facing right-handers and not left-handers is hard for me.
You're not going to put up good numbers every year.
I try to do my best every game to help the pitchers and help my team win. That's it.
When I was in Seattle, I listened to Carlos Guillen and other older players.
Lindor is a good player. When I was 20, I wasn't conditioned like he is.
I'm going to do my best to help the team play hard and help the team win... I'm just coming to play baseball.
Everything that happened last year stays in the past.
It's hard to come back and play when you've gone through surgery.
It was very important for me to play winter ball. It was very important for me, my arm, and my whole body.
I'm excited to wear my country's jersey.
I don't want to leave the field for a little thing. I try to be ready every day.
Sure, I get tired. But it's a long season, and you've got to play no matter if you have a little injury. I'm that kind of player.
I got Neil Walker now as my new second baseman. He's great. He looks comfortable there. He knows what he's doing. That's the second baseman you want to play with.
I would love to stay at one position.
I think it's hard for someone to play short and then come back to second. It's not the same.
