Venezuelan,Designer
A wedding dress is both an intimate and personal for a woman - it must reflect the personality and style of the bride.
It's important to find what really suits who you are, because style isn't only what you wear, it's what you project.
Life is hard. It is not too short, it is too long. But you have to learn how to live; you have to have a sense of humour.
Elegance isn't solely defined by what you wear. It's how you carry yourself, how you speak, what you read.
Money doesn't buy elegance. You can take an inexpensive sheath, add a pretty scarf, gray shoes, and a wonderful bag, and it will always be elegant.
I always remember my childhood house with happy memories. There was a beautiful garden, and outside my bedroom window was a jasmine vine which would open in the evenings, giving off a divine scent.
Luxury will be always around, no matter what happens in the world.
You feel very romantic when you're in a ball gown. Everyone should wear one once in a while.
I don't like trends. They tend to make everybody look the same.
Sometimes the simplest things are the most profound.
Fashion is to please your eye. Shapes and proportions are for your intellect.
Attention to detail is of utmost importance when you want to look good.
Feeling good about yourself and your life is very important. I'm a happy woman, happy with my husband, my daughters, my grandchildren. We all get along quite well, and that keeps me centered.
For me, fashion begins in New York.
Keep in shape: if you look good, you will feel confident.
Fashion has always been a repetition of ideas, but what makes it new is the way you put it together.
The red carpet is very important. You have to be very careful to have the right person dressed in right way. For me, it has to be a perfect look.
I believe that you have to treat the people who work with you like your family.
Intuition is a strong feminine quality.
Age is something only in your head or a stereotype. Age means nothing when you are passionate about something.
I am very shy. When I go to a charity ball, I don't mind if people look at my sleeves. I mind terribly if I have to say something.
When you're wearing something you feel comfortable in, you move better. That's why the most important accessory you can have is a full-length mirror.
The first painting that I realised I liked was 'The Garden of Earthly Delights' by Hieronymus Bosch, when I was six years old, at the Prado in Madrid. I still find myself returning there every time I'm in the city.
Perfection does not exist - only God is perfect.
You never expect anything when you are 20 because you think that you'll never get older.
Fashion is a dream. It's difficult, and there are many aspects of fashion that are very difficult, but if you love it like I do, because I really have a passion, now, for fashion, it's not easy, but nothing is easy in life.
I have always loved trouser suits. It's something I absolutely believe in for women.
I've had work done on my eyes in the past. However, I think there are limits. I wouldn't ever have too much done, as it looks unnatural, and I don't think you should do anything to your lips, as it changes the entire shape of your face.
I am truly happy with what I've got. But if I could alter something, it would be my hands. I've never been satisfied with them - I would love longer fingers.
It's not my aspiration to appear on a reality show. That's the last thing I need in my life.
You have to have talent to design and to dress thousands of women or millions of women around the world. And you know very well, the only thing they want is to look more beautiful.
When you do something that you like, and you think you can keep doing it, you don't think about retiring.
I love books; my suitcases are always full of them. Books and shoes. I read when I am sad, when I am happy, when I am nervous. My favourite British author is Jane Austen, and my favourite American one is John O'Hara.
I rarely go into a shop on holiday, because fashion and design are what I'm involved in every day. I need another world.
Latinas who come to the U.S. should adapt, learn English and become a part of the community.
Don't wear excessive make-up as you grow older. Young women can wear whatever make-up they want, but if you are older, you will regret it.
A man has to have sensibility, wit, mystery, tolerance, and strength... Romance also helps.
I was schooled at home, then didn't go to university because I married when I was 17. I didn't go into work until late in my life.
Politics are private. I don't understand people who try to convince you to join one party or another.
People get nervous accessorising, but there is nothing wrong with adding a belt or a pair of shoes in another colour.
Fashion should be fun. It shouldn't be labelled 'intellectual.'
I don't believe in naming clients to get press. I hated it when I was a couture client. If the dresses don't sell themselves, there is something wrong.
