Venezuelan,Athlete
You learn from the things that happen in your career. You get up and down. You never give up. All the things that happened in my career, thank God it happened early rather than late in my career.
I wanted to show my maturity. The criticism I got made me grow up. It motivated me.
I'm not selfish. I am where I am because I have worked very hard and have always done my job.
I'm a professional, and I know what I have to do. I know where I've failed and how I've grown up.
You've got keep your head up, keep fighting, and do the best you can.
If it's going to go my way, it's going to go my way. I have to keep working hard.
You're going to have some ups and downs, so you have to prepare yourself to be ready. Those down moments come.
It has not been easy to wake up every single day at 6:30 in the morning to then head to the gym and start a full day of work. But you have to have that kind of dedication if you want to achieve the goals you have set for yourself.
The people that I surround myself with now and my family, they are the key to my success.
I just prepare myself to perform well, to support my teammates to play well, to try to get to the final, to the World Series.
I don't try to lose weight. I don't try to do nothing. I just try to put in my work, feel better, the things that I can do in the field to be better are better, so that's what I do.
I'm going to prove to the fans, going to prove to my teammates, that I can be a better defensive player, offensive player, to win games.
It is not about money. It is about how you treat the player.
When our backs are on the wall, that's the time when we enjoy having fun, relax out there, do our thing, don't get the pressure on, see the results, day by day, game by game.
I'm happy. I learned. I learned from my mistakes. But when you learn, you see all the results; you look more mature, and you put all the pieces together.
I just do my work, try to do everything I can. I don't weigh in all offseason. I just try to get better, be in better position, be an athlete.
I don't pay attention to the media. You guys can say whatever you want. At the end of the day, at the end of the season, if we're doing well, you guys are going to be there.
I trust no one - that microphone, that book.
I don't worry about numbers. I worry about wins. You can see all the years that my numbers went down and how many championships I've got. That's what I worry about.
We live surrounded by critics, so let them talk, let them criticize me as much as they want. Ultimately, that makes me a better player.
What really matters is who you are when you step on the field, and I will let my bat and my glove speak for themselves.
When you're from another country, you want to spend time with your family. All your family can't come here. All your friends can't come here. You spend so much time here, you want to go there, too.
You need to learn. You need to grow up. You need to step up and know the difference between what you can do and what you can't.
People want to help me. They want the best for me. I always say thank you to people when they try that. I never get mad.
It is difficult. You've got a lot of things outside the field. But you need to learn and understand things you can do.
I just keep happy and help the team when I get an opportunity.
