Spanish,Philosopher
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing.
A single lie destroys a whole reputation of integrity.
A beautiful woman should break her mirror early.
The wise does at once what the fool does at last.
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
Respect yourself if you would have others respect you.
Know or listen to those who know.
At twenty a man is a peacock, at thirty a lion, at forty a camel, at fifty a serpent, at sixty a dog, at seventy an ape, at eighty a nothing at all.
Don't show off every day, or you'll stop surprising people. There must always be some novelty left over. The person who displays a little more of it each day keeps up expectations, and no one ever discovers the limits of his talent.
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.
It is better to have too much courtesy than too little, provided you are not equally courteous to all, for that would be injustice.
It is better to sleep on things beforehand than lie awake about them afterwards.
Never contend with a man who has nothing to lose.
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade.
Fortune pays you sometimes for the intensity of her favors by the shortness of their duration. She soon tires of carrying any one long on her shoulders.
Attempt easy tasks as if they were difficult, and difficult as if they were easy; in the one case that confidence may not fall asleep, in the other that it may not be dismayed.
Better mad with the rest of the world than wise alone.
Dreams will get you nowhere, a good kick in the pants will take you a long way.
Things do not pass for what they are, but for what they seem. Most things are judged by their jackets.
Hope has a good memory, gratitude a bad one.
Great ability develops and reveals itself increasingly with every new assignment.
A bad manner spoils everything, even reason and justice; a good one supplies everything, gilds a No, sweetens a truth, and adds a touch of beauty to old age itself.
The envious die not once, but as oft as the envied win applause.
Be content to act, and leave the talking to others.
Fortunate people often have very favorable beginnings and very tragic endings. What matters isn't being applauded when you arrive - for that is common - but being missed when you leave.
He that communicates his secret to another makes himself that other's slave.
Have friends. 'Tis a second existence.
True knowledge lies in knowing how to live.
To be at ease is better than to be at business. Nothing really belongs to us but time, which even he has who has nothing else.
Begin with another's to end with your own.
When desire dies, fear is born.
To equal a predecessor, one must have twice they worth.
To oblige persons often costs little and helps much.
Quit while you're ahead. All the best gamblers do.
Hope is a great falsifier. Let good judgment keep her in check.
Little said is soon amended. There is always time to add a word, never to withdraw one.
Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness.
