Spanish,Musician
I'm so proud of who I am and where I come from and who my father is.
I wouldn't change anything. I've made mistakes, but thanks to those mistakes, I've learned.
My best personality trait that I think I'm very approachable. And my worst is that I can be moody.
I'm a good person, but with many defects.
The power of music in Spanish is so strong, that I couldn't stay away from it any longer.
Love is one of my main inspirations.
If they would have told me when I was just 18 that I was going to have a career that would last so long, I'd have said it was impossible, that it was crazy that that could happen in my life, so I'm happy to be here. To be able to go out on stage every day.
I was happier before, when I lead a normal life.
I mean, if you turn on the radio, love is 90 percent of the music.
I don't like being lied to, so I only lie about the stupid things. White lies, basically.
If you're buying an album because of the face on it, you're stupid.
Yes, I have made a woman cry.
We all feel love, and that might sound kind of corny, but I really feel that's what joins musicians together around the world.
I don't care what people say. My music's, my music.
There are days that I wake up and I complain, and when I complain I pinch myself and say, 'that's for complaining.' Not many people can do what they really like in life.
I go from English to Spanish, and I feel I have some cool songs.
I always respect a woman.
My tennis skills are okay.
When I'm in love, I wake up happy.
I really want to fall in love.
I know it sounds corny, but when you follow your dreams, it happens. And if it's music, take it seriously.
The one thing I've learned in the last ten years is that successful artists don't get paid to write and sing songs, they get paid for the psychological roller coaster they're going to have to ride. That's the hard work.
I'm quite grounded.
My inspiration are the woman, friendship, and loneliness.
I prefer love over sex.
My motivations are thinking I can write better songs, that the concerts can be better.
