Spanish,Chef
Why not mix this and that? If soy goes well with fish, how come no one does beef carpaccio with soy? Why do we have such a taste and not another? It's all about culture. There is something, however, that I really don't like: bell peppers.
Ferran Adria making hamburgers... some thought it was crazy. But getting them perfect was a challenge. Plus I'm fascinated by all aspects of food.
I don't dream at night; life has given me the stuff I need to be able to dream during the day. I'm very lucky.
I wanted to take nouvelle cuisine further, to the point where we were breaking down the essence of taste and sensation, reconfiguring food as a series of really intense hits on the tongue.
I am not a multimillionaire. I don't own a yacht or a Ferrari. I live in a 60-square- metre flat. My needs are simple.
Innovation, being avant garde, is always polemic.
I never even dreamed of being a chef, and that's fundamental.
When I was a teenager, my idol was the Dutch footballer Johan Cruyff. He's the only person I've ever asked for an autograph.
I have a driver's licence, but the truth is that I hardly ever drive. I prefer to get around by taxi.
I don't worry about the things I can't change.
If a child plays sport early in childhood, and doesn't give it up, he will play sport for the rest of his life. And if children have a connection with, and are involved in the preparation of, the food they eat, then it will be normal for them to cook these kind of meals, and they will go on cooking them for the rest of their lives.
I was 18 when I first started working at a restaurant. I was a dishwasher. I only got the job because I wanted to go to Ibiza for vacation, and washing dishes was the only job I could find.
Friends are really important, especially when you've had the successes that I've had. I've gone really far in my career, so they're the ones that keep you humble, keep your feet on the ground.
I don't read books regularly, because I'm always writing them. I've written 30 books, thousands of pages.
I cook more theoretically than I do practically. My job is creative, and in the kitchen, the biggest part of my creativity is theoretical.
In a city, it's very hard to do a restaurant, an avant-garde-cuisine restaurant, where each year you need to change the whole menu.
We never have business meals at El Bulli. If it's about business, you're probably not paying much attention to the food.
If I were a customer, and I was given a dish with peppers, I would hate it. I also don't like blood sausage.
It's very hard to be an innovator at the highest level in any discipline. For some chefs it's merely about combining ingredients, but that's something you can do with your eyes closed.
Risk is to do something that 99 percent of the time would be a failure.
When we're ill, one of the last things we have that we can enjoy is food.
When people arrive at El Bulli, everybody goes through the kitchen. It's a way of making them feel at home. When they leave, the only thing I ask is whether they've been happy. Everything in between, I don't particularly care.
For me to go to a restaurant and eat something that is not only good, but totally new, is a double thrill. Double the enjoyment.
I had a very normal childhood, and my mother cooked very normal food.
I believe that if you eat well, you work even better.
I can't live without activity; I can't be sedentary.
