Spanish,Actor
I do respect people's faith, but I don't respect their manipulation of that faith in order to create fear and control.
The bad news is that only the bad people reach the news because they are noisier.
I don't believe in stereotypes. Most of the time, stereotypes are just that.
The middle and working classes are paying the debt that the financial markets created.
I don't know how to drive a car.
The only thing I can do is act, but it's not something I even feel comfortable doing. It costs me a lot, because I'm a shy person, even if I don't look it.
I am always saying, 'I don't believe in God; I believe in Al Pacino.' And that's true. If I ever get a phone call saying 'Would you like to work with Al Pacino?' I would go crazy.
I have this problem with violence. I've only done one movie in almost 20 years where I killed people. It's called Perdita Durango. It's a Spanish movie. I'm very proud of the movie, but I felt weird doing that.
I was emotionally and physically punched in the stomach. This is not a place where you go and deliver the lines and then you come back. It's kind of a life-changing experience. But it can't get better than this for any actor - this is like an opera.
I was raised not to be afraid to show emotion or imagination.
When I was born, there was a very isolated idea of what it meant to be a man or a woman, and you belonged to one gender or the other.
But don't call me an actor. I'm just a worker. I am an entertainer. Don't say that what I am doing is art.
I truly thank whoever's up there for giving me the opportunity to be loved.
I'm a great believer in stunt doubles. They do an amazing job.
This great imperialistic world called the United States has made us believe that an Oscar is the most important thing in the world for an actor. But if you think about it for five minutes you realise it can't be.
I look at myself, and I see a Spanish person who's trying to be understood by an English-speaking audience and is putting a lot of energy into that, instead of into expressing himself freely and feeling comfortable.
Sometimes I say to myself, what are you doing in this absurd job? Why don't you go to Africa and help people? But I cannot help people, because I am a hypochondriac.
I want to act because I don't know how to do anything else.
I will work with a director who has good material because at the end of the day, that's what counts.
I live in Spain. Oscars are something that are on TV Sunday night. Basically, very late at night. You don't watch, you just read the news after who won or who lost.
The award is important in order to bring people to the movie theater. That's the only principle meaning of any award.
Awards were made in Hollywood, in whatever the time it was created. They're to promote each other's movies. You give me an award, I give you an award and people will believe that we are great movies and they'll go to see them. It's still the same.
Some quality performances and movies have a chance to be rewarded, but it's not like it's a bible.
What does my performance have to do with Russell Crowe's? Nothing. If I play Gladiator and we all play Gladiator with Ridley Scott in the same amount of time, maybe we have a chance to see who did it best.
We actors always say how difficult and physically demanding a role was. But give me a break, it's only a movie.
I don't really care where movies come from as long as they're worth making.
There is no good side to celebrity.
I do a job and am lucky enough to do a job that I love, but it is a hard one. I'm not saying it is as hard as working in a coal mine, but it is still difficult in a different way. Sometimes you have to go through very strong emotional journeys and then come back to yourself. And that can be difficult to control.
Life is not perfect.
When you put gas in your car you are making a political statement, because you are supporting the empires that control and continue the destruction of some countries.
People have been born in refugee camps and they are getting tired of that.
We live in a world of denial, and we don't know what the truth is anymore.
Imagine the situation between Israel and Palestine. It's such a big mess. You can be on one side or the other. But what's clear is that there's an urgent need for a solution there and that's been dragging on for so long.
I believe in people.
Even in the darkest regions, people have discovered their right of freedom.
You know I don't like to talk about my personal life.
I've always said I don't believe in God, I believe in Al Pacino.
I've always belonged to the street, and I always will. It's in my DNA.
I don't like to talk about my personal life.
I can't imagine what it would be like being James Bond 24 hours. That must be exhausting.
The background - your own history - is way more important than what you can achieve as a professional.
When you are portraying somebody that has a very specific emotional weight, you feel like you're really starting to abandon your own body and go to someplace else.
The good thing about being an actor, and the gift of being an actor, is that you are beautifully forced to see the world with different eyes.
Many people out there don't have a choice in choosing their friends and the people they're being manipulated by. Thank God, I have that choice. I can use my judgment and choose.
