Spanish,Statesman
The more equality women have, the fairer, more civilized and tolerant society will be. Sexual equality is a lot more effective against terrorism than military strength.
I will listen to Mr Bush but my position is very clear and very firm. The occupation is a fiasco. There have been almost more deaths after the war than during the war.
We're aligning ourselves with Kerry. Our allegiance will be for peace, against war, no more deaths for oil, and for a dialogue between the government of Spain and the new Kerry administration.
No Spanish government has given into terror and no government will do that.
Spaniards have always shown great maturity and great common sense when it comes to voting.
The risk of a terrorist victory is greater when in fighting terror, democracy betrays its own essence.
Wars such as those which have occurred in Iraq only allow hatred, violence and terror to proliferate.
It's true that the war in Iraq opened a distance in relations between part of Europe and the U.S. government, but our basic ties are stronger than that. We share democracy, free markets and a commitment to Western security. We differ on how to guarantee that security.
I want to increase our spending on research and development by 25%. That's something the U.S. does very well. That dynamism alongside a welfare state in the European community - that's the synthesis I want to achieve.
The economic, social and cultural progress of a nation depends on citizens counting for more and having more rights.
Democratic power is the only voice most citizens have.
The corporations and the media don't need power; they already have it.
I said when I came into office that I don't want to be a great leader; I want to be a good democrat.
Markets are very important but for the government the citizens are more so.
Any peace process after so many years of horror and terror will be long and difficult.
My commitment is my commitment.
Maybe John Kerry does not know - but I am happy to explain it to him - that my commitment to withdraw the troops goes back before the tragic, dramatic terrorist attack.
You can't bomb a people just in case.
