Spanish,Novelist
In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd.
The eyes those silent tongues of love.
To be prepared is half the victory.
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn.
Too much sanity may be madness and the maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it should be.
One man scorned and covered with scars still strove with his last ounce of courage to reach the unreachable stars; and the world will be better for this.
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.
Laziness never arrived at the attainment of a good wish.
Fear has many eyes and can see things underground.
The knowledge of yourself will preserve you from vanity.
He who loses wealth loses much; he who loses a friend loses more; but he that loses his courage loses all.
Tell me thy company, and I'll tell thee what thou art.
When thou art at Rome, do as they do at Rome.
Forewarned, forearmed; to be prepared is half the victory.
Virtue is the truest nobility.
The gratification of wealth is not found in mere possession or in lavish expenditure, but in its wise application.
Truth will rise above falsehood as oil above water.
Good actions ennoble us, and we are the sons of our deeds.
Our greatest foes, and whom we must chiefly combat, are within.
There are only two families in the world, my old grandmother used to say, the Haves and the Have-nots.
Those who'll play with cats must expect to be scratched.
Delay always breeds danger; and to protract a great design is often to ruin it.
For a man to attain to an eminent degree in learning costs him time, watching, hunger, nakedness, dizziness in the head, weakness in the stomach, and other inconveniences.
Thou hast seen nothing yet.
Our hours in love have wings; in absence, crutches.
Truth may be stretched, but cannot be broken, and always gets above falsehood, as does oil above water.
Love and war are the same thing, and stratagems and policy are as allowable in the one as in the other.
To withdraw is not to run away, and to stay is no wise action, when there's more reason to fear than to hope.
Be a terror to the butchers, that they may be fair in their weight; and keep hucksters and fraudulent dealers in awe, for the same reason.
Drink moderately, for drunkeness neither keeps a secret, nor observes a promise.
The most difficult character in comedy is that of the fool, and he must be no simpleton that plays that part.
No padlocks, bolts, or bars can secure a maiden better than her own reserve.
A person dishonored is worst than dead.
He had a face like a blessing.
Jests that give pains are no jests.
No fathers or mothers think their own children ugly.
True valor lies between cowardice and rashness.
That which costs little is less valued.
Time ripens all things; no man is born wise.
It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
It seldom happens that any felicity comes so pure as not to be tempered and allayed by some mixture of sorrow.
There is nothing so subject to the inconstancy of fortune as war.
Every man is as heaven made him, and sometimes a great deal worse.
A closed mouth catches no flies.
Alas! all music jars when the soul's out of tune.
Man appoints, and God disappoints.
I have always heard, Sancho, that doing good to base fellows is like throwing water into the sea.
