Spanish,Artist
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.
It takes a long time to become young.
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Youth has no age.
Some painters transform the sun into a yellow spot, others transform a yellow spot into the sun.
Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions.
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider's web.
Who sees the human face correctly: the photographer, the mirror, or the painter?
Everything you can imagine is real.
Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success.
There is no abstract art. You must always start with something. Afterward you can remove all traces of reality.
My mother said to me, 'If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the Pope.' Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso.
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.
Good artists copy, great artists steal.
Painting is a blind man's profession. He paints not what he sees, but what he feels, what he tells himself about what he has seen.
It took me four years to paint like Raphael, but a lifetime to paint like a child.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
Sculpture is the art of the intelligence.
The older you get the stronger the wind gets - and it's always in your face.
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up.
Give me a museum and I'll fill it.
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
Success is dangerous. One begins to copy oneself, and to copy oneself is more dangerous than to copy others. It leads to sterility.
If there were only one truth, you couldn't paint a hundred canvases on the same theme.
Art is the elimination of the unnecessary.
The world today doesn't make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do?
I don't believe in accidents. There are only encounters in history. There are no accidents.
To finish a work? To finish a picture? What nonsense! To finish it means to be through with it, to kill it, to rid it of its soul, to give it its final blow the coup de grace for the painter as well as for the picture.
Everything is a miracle. It is a miracle that one does not dissolve in one's bath like a lump of sugar.
What might be taken for a precocious genius is the genius of childhood. When the child grows up, it disappears without a trace. It may happen that this boy will become a real painter some day, or even a great painter. But then he will have to begin everything again, from zero.
Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we don't start measuring her limbs.
When I die, it will be a shipwreck, and as when a huge ship sinks, many people all around will be sucked down with it.
If all the ways I have been along were marked on a map and joined up with a line, it might represent a minotaur.
I do not seek. I find.
If only we could pull out our brain and use only our eyes.
To make oneself hated is more difficult than to make oneself loved.
We must not discriminate between things. Where things are concerned there are no class distinctions. We must pick out what is good for us where we can find it.
The more technique you have, the less you have to worry about it. The more technique there is, the less there is.
The genius of Einstein leads to Hiroshima.
Are we to paint what's on the face, what's inside the face, or what's behind it?
It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction.
Is there anything more dangerous than sympathetic understanding?
You mustn't always believe what I say. Questions tempt you to tell lies, particularly when there is no answer.
When you start with a portrait and search for a pure form, a clear volume, through successive eliminations, you arrive inevitably at the egg. Likewise, starting with the egg and following the same process in reverse, one finishes with the portrait.
The people who make art their business are mostly imposters.
Disciples be damned. It's not interesting. It's only the masters that matter. Those who create.
I have a horror of people who speak about the beautiful. What is the beautiful? One must speak of problems in painting!
They ought to put out the eyes of painters as they do goldfinches in order that they can sing better.
