Leader
The greatest truth is honesty, and the greatest falsehood is dishonesty.
Allah will help him who moves in the way of Allah.
If you expect the blessings of God, be kind to His people.
The more knowledge you have, the greater will be your fear of Allah.
It is a matter of shame that in the morning the birds should be awake earlier than you.
The people who abandon Jihad fall a victim to humility and degradation.
There is greatness in the fear of God, contentment in faith of God, and honour in humility.
Intentions count in your actions.
God blesses him who helps his brother.
In the matter of justice, all should be equal in your eyes.
The true believer is rewarded in every thing, even in affliction.
Pride in the case of a rich man is bad, but pride in the case of a poor man is worse.
Without knowledge action is useless and knowledge without action is futile.
To fight against the infidels is Jihad; but to fight against your evil self is greater Jihad.
If you want to control other people, first control yourself.
Follow the way of life, which the Holy Prophet has shown you, for verily that is the right path.
Run away from greatness and greatness will follow you.
Death is the easiest of all things after it, and the hardest of all things before it.
He who builds a masjid in the way of Allah, God will build a house for him in the paradise.
O man you are busy working for the world, and the world is busy trying to turn you out.
When you advise any person you should be guided by the fear of God.
Solitude is better than the society of evil persons.
Do not look down upon any Muslim, for even the most inferior believer is great in the eyes of God.
Muslims should live like brothers.
Jihad is obligatory for the Muslims.
He who avoids complaint invites happiness.
If an ignorant person is attracted by the things of the world, that is bad. But if a learned person is thus attracted, it is worse.
Piety is the most solid goodness, and the vilest of what is evil is vice.
Do not follow vain desires; for verily he who prospers is preserved from lust, greed and anger.
