Leader
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
What we think, we become.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
It is a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death.
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill.
It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is yours. It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell.
You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
The foolish man conceives the idea of 'self.' The wise man sees there is no ground on which to build the idea of 'self;' thus, he has a right conception of the world and well concludes that all compounds amassed by sorrow will be dissolved again, but the truth will remain.
Charity bestowed upon those who are worthy of it is like good seed sown on a good soil that yields an abundance of fruits. But alms given to those who are yet under the tyrannical yoke of the passions are like seed deposited in a bad soil. The passions of the receiver of the alms choke, as it were, the growth of merits.
He who walks in the eightfold noble path with unswerving determination is sure to reach Nirvana.
Let my skin and sinews and bones dry up, together with all the flesh and blood of my body! I welcome it! But I will not move from this spot until I have attained the supreme and final wisdom.
The virtues, like the Muses, are always seen in groups. A good principle was never found solitary in any breast.
Of those beings who live in ignorance, shut up and confined, as it were, in an egg, I have first broken the eggshell of ignorance and alone in the universe obtained the most exalted, universal Buddhahood.
