French,Leader
Patriotism is when love of your own people comes first; nationalism, when hate for people other than your own comes first.
Greatness is a road leading towards the unknown.
I have come to the conclusion that politics are too serious a matter to be left to the politicians.
You have to be fast on your feet and adaptive or else a strategy is useless.
Silence is the ultimate weapon of power.
Never relinquish the initiative.
The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
The better I get to know men, the more I find myself loving dogs.
Don't ask me who's influenced me. A lion is made up of the lambs he's digested, and I've been reading all my life.
How can anyone govern a nation that has two hundred and forty-six different kinds of cheese?
You start out giving your hat, then you give your coat, then your shirt, then your skin and finally your soul.
I have against me the bourgeois, the military and the diplomats, and for me, only the people who take the Metro.
Deliberation is the work of many men. Action, of one alone.
Treaties are like roses and young girls. They last while they last.
In order to become the master, the politician poses as the servant.
I have tried to lift France out of the mud. But she will return to her errors and vomitings. I cannot prevent the French from being French.
China is a big country, inhabited by many Chinese.
Diplomats are useful only in fair weather. As soon as it rains they drown in every drop.
You may be sure that the Americans will commit all the stupidities they can think of, plus some that are beyond imagination.
France cannot be France without greatness.
The great leaders have always stage-managed their effects.
When I want to know what France thinks, I ask myself.
I respect only those who resist me, but I cannot tolerate them.
Since a politician never believes what he says, he is quite surprised to be taken at his word.
The leader must aim high, see big, judge widely, thus setting himself apart form the ordinary people who debate in narrow confines.
Church is the only place where someone speaks to me and I do not have to answer back.
The true statesman is the one who is willing to take risks.
A great country worthy of the name does not have any friends.
No country without an atom bomb could properly consider itself independent.
In the tumult of men and events, solitude was my temptation; now it is my friend. What other satisfaction can be sought once you have confronted History?
One cannot govern with 'buts'.
It is not tolerable, it is not possible, that from so much death, so much sacrifice and ruin, so much heroism, a greater and better humanity shall not emerge.
