Leader
Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health.
In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Old friends pass away, new friends appear. It is just like the days. An old day passes, a new day arrives. The important thing is to make it meaningful: a meaningful friend - or a meaningful day.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
When you practice gratefulness, there is a sense of respect toward others.
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.
Sleep is the best meditation.
This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
A lack of transparency results in distrust and a deep sense of insecurity.
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
When we meet real tragedy in life, we can react in two ways - either by losing hope and falling into self-destructive habits, or by using the challenge to find our inner strength. Thanks to the teachings of Buddha, I have been able to take this second way.
Too much self-centered attitude, you see, brings, you see, isolation. Result: loneliness, fear, anger. The extreme self-centered attitude is the source of suffering.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves.
The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness.
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace.
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.
All major religious traditions carry basically the same message, that is love, compassion and forgiveness the important thing is they should be part of our daily lives.
We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection.
With realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.
If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them.
Some mischievous people always there. Last several thousand years, always there. In future, also.
Even when we have physical hardships, we can be very happy.
If you have religious faith, very good, you can add on secular ethics, then religious belief, add on it, very good. But even those people who have no interest about religion, okay, it's not religion, but you can train through education.
The ultimate authority must always rest with the individual's own reason and critical analysis.
Appearance is something absolute, but reality is not that way - everything is interdependent, not absolute.
Today different ethnic groups and different nations come together due to common sense.
Disagreement is something normal.
I always believe the rule by king or official leader is outdated. Now we must catch up with the modern world.
Whether you call it Buddhism or another religion, self-discipline, that's important. Self-discipline with awareness of consequences.
My faith helps me overcome such negative emotions and find my equilibrium.
My desire to devolve authority has nothing to do with a wish to shirk responsibility.
The important thing is that men should have a purpose in life. It should be something useful, something good.
The basic Buddhist stand on the question of equality between the genders is age-old. At the highest tantric levels, at the highest esoteric level, you must respect women: every woman.
My aim is to create a happy society with genuine friendship. Friendship between Tibetan and Chinese peoples is very essential.
I think there's every reason this 21st century will be much happier.
Wherever I go meeting the public... spreading a message of human values, spreading a message of harmony, is the most important thing.
We all have to live together, so we might as well live together happily.
China has to go along with world trends. That's democracy, liberty, individual freedom. China sooner or later has to go that way. It cannot go backward.
There are techniques of Buddhism, such as meditation, that anyone can adopt. And, of course, there are Christian monks and nuns who already use Buddhist methods in order to develop their devotion, compassion, and ability to forgive.
I think technology really increased human ability. But technology cannot produce compassion.
Death means change our clothes. Clothes become old, then time to come change. So this body become old, and then time come, take young body.
Of course, when I say that human nature is gentleness, it is not 100 percent so. Every human being has that nature, but there are many people acting against their nature, being false.
I am a simple Buddhist monk - no more, no less.
I describe myself as a simple Buddhist monk. No more, no less.
Today, more than ever before, life must be characterized by a sense of Universal responsibility, not only nation to nation and human to human, but also human to other forms of life.
World belongs to humanity, not this leader, that leader or that king or prince or religious leader. World belongs to humanity.
I think the self-burning itself on practice of non-violence. These people, you see, they easily use bomb explosive, more casualty people. But they didn't do that. Only sacrifice their own life. So this also is part of practice of non-violence.
I don't think generally politician come from democratic country. I think not that thinking. But sometimes little bit short-sighted. They are mainly looking for their next vote.
The Tibetan people will need to determine who the next reincarnation of the Dalai Lama is.
My main hope is eventually, in modern education field, introduce education about warm-heartedness, not based on religion, but based on common experience and a common sort of sense, and then scientific finding.
If I had remained in Lhasa, even without the Chinese occupation, I would probably have carried the ceremonial role in some orthodox way.
I became the Dalai Lama not on a volunteer basis.
At the beginning when the child is coming, people worry the child may be deformed. When a healthy boy or child comes, people are very happy for a short moment.
If some people have the belief or view that the Dalai Lama has some miracle power, that's totally nonsense. I am just one human being.
I am just one human being.
I am confident I will set foot again in Tibet in my lifetime.
I have no trouble sleeping.
In order to become prosperous, a person must initially work very hard, so he or she has to sacrifice a lot of leisure time.
My main concern is meeting with public because my main commitment, main interest is promotion of human value, human affection, compassion and religious harmony.
I never dreamt, in my dream, I'm Dalai Lama.
I consider myself as a free spokesman for the people.
The Dalai Lama is just a temporal leader of Tibet.
The Chinese government wants me to say that for many centuries Tibet has been part of China. Even if I make that statement, many people would just laugh. And my statement will not change past history. History is history.
I always tell people that religious institutions and political institutions should be separate. So while I'm telling people this, I myself continue with them combined. Hypocrisy!
I totally disagree with the view that the Tibet struggle will die, and there will be no hope for Tibet, after the Dalai Lama passes away.
Many Tibetans sacrifice their lives.
I felt we must separate political responsibility. The Dalai Lama should not carry that burden. So that is my selfish reason - to protect the old Dalai Lama tradition. It is safer without political involvement.
If you have a particular faith or religion, that is good. But you can survive without it.
As long as I am alive, I am fully committed to amity between Tibetans and Chinese. Otherwise there's no use.
There are techniques of Buddhism, such as meditation, that anyone can adopt.
I think really, China, Chinese, I think they really have a long history of civilization, rich culture.
I think governments can't do much.
It is difficult to violently suppress people in the long run, as the example of the Soviet Union and the Eastern European countries has shown.
I have done one thing that I think is a contribution: I helped Buddhist science and modern science combine. No other Buddhist has done that. Other lamas, I don't think they ever pay attention to modern science. Since my childhood, I have a keen interest.
I want to be just a pure spiritual leader.
If some people have the belief or view that the Dalai Lama has some miracle power, that's totally nonsense.
Number of people have said to me, after hearing your thinking, their mind becomes much more happier.
Conversion is not my intention. Changing religion is not easy. You may develop some kind of confusion or difficulties.
Chinese people themselves, they really want change.
I feel exhausted if I teach too long.
In most cases, my visits to the West are for promotion of human values and religious harmony.
I always say that people should not rush to change religions. There is real value in finding the spiritual resources you need in your home religion.
