South African,Leader
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness.
If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor. If an elephant has its foot on the tail of a mouse and you say that you are neutral, the mouse will not appreciate your neutrality.
Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning.
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.
God's dream is that you and I and all of us will realize that we are family, that we are made for togetherness, for goodness, and for compassion.
Because forgiveness is like this: a room can be dank because you have closed the windows, you've closed the curtains. But the sun is shining outside, and the air is fresh outside. In order to get that fresh air, you have to get up and open the window and draw the curtains apart.
We inhabit a universe that is characterized by diversity.
My humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together.
If you want peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies.
Racism, xenophobia and unfair discrimination have spawned slavery, when human beings have bought and sold and owned and branded fellow human beings as if they were so many beasts of burden.
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value.
I wish I could shut up, but I can't, and I won't.
For Christians, who believe they are created in the image of God, it is the Godhead, diversity in unity and the three-in-oneness of God, which we and all creation reflect.
But God can only smile because only God can know what is coming next.
In my country of South Africa, we struggled for years against the evil system of apartheid that divided human beings, children of the same God, by racial classification and then denied many of them fundamental human rights.
In South Africa, we could not have achieved our freedom and just peace without the help of people around the world, who through the use of non-violent means, such as boycotts and divestment, encouraged their governments and other corporate actors to reverse decades-long support for the Apartheid regime.
When the missionaries came to Africa they had the Bible and we had the land. They said 'Let us pray.' We closed our eyes. When we opened them we had the Bible and they had the land.
Without forgiveness, there's no future.
Inclusive, good-quality education is a foundation for dynamic and equitable societies.
We are each made for goodness, love and compassion. Our lives are transformed as much as the world is when we live with these truths.
I am not interested in picking up crumbs of compassion thrown from the table of someone who considers himself my master. I want the full menu of rights.
The price of freedom is eternal vigilance.
As human beings we have the most extraordinary capacity for evil. We can perpetrate some of the most horrendous atrocities.
Peace comes when you talk to the guy you most hate. And that's where the courage of a leader comes, because when you sit down with your enemy, you as a leader must already have very considerable confidence from your own constituency.
Exclusion is never the way forward on our shared paths to freedom and justice.
It is our moral obligation to give every child the very best education possible.
I've never doubted that apartheid - because it was of itself fundamentally, intrinsically evil - was going to bite the dust eventually.
Those who invest in South Africa should not think they are doing us a favor; they are here for what they get out of our cheap and abundant labor, and they should know that they are buttressing one of the most vicious systems.
In God's family, there are no outsiders, no enemies.
You must show the world that you abhor fighting.
We would like to see you departing peacefully.
What is black empowerment when it seems to benefit not the vast majority but an elite that tends to be recycled?
Niger is not an isolated island of desperation. It lies within a sea of problems across Africa - particularly the 'forgotten emergencies' in poor countries or regions with little strategic or material appeal.
I don't think I've ever felt that same kind of peace, the kind of serenity that I felt after acknowledging that maybe I was going to die of this TB.
I certainly know that I would not be able to survive if it were not for the fact that I am being upheld by the prayers of so many people.
How could you have a soccer team if all were goalkeepers? How would it be an orchestra if all were French horns?
For goodness sake, will they hear, will white people hear what we are trying to say? Please, all we are asking you to do is to recognize that we are humans, too.
In its history, Europe has committed so many massacres and horrors that it should bow its own head in shame.
Oh, 1994, April 27. There won't be a day like that ever again. I mean, the sky was blue, with a blueness that had never been there before.
God is patient with us to become the God's children he wants us to be but you really can see him weeping.
In many ways, when you're a Nobel peace laureate, you have an obligation to humankind, to society.
It's a blessing that South Africa has a man like Nelson Mandela.
I mean in the South African case, many of those who were part of death squads would have been respectable members of their white community, people who went to church on Sunday, every Sunday.
When you think of the sort of things that happen when a genocide happens, it's again not people who are intrinsically evil.
In the Bible, we first encounter God when he sides with a bunch of slaves against a powerful Pharaoh, an act of grace freely given.
