Israeli,Leader
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
One cannot and must not try to erase the past merely because it does not fit the present.
You'll never find a better sparring partner than adversity.
Not being beautiful was the true blessing. Not being beautiful forced me to develop my inner resources. The pretty girl has a handicap to overcome.
Let me tell you something that we Israelis have against Moses. He took us 40 years through the desert in order to bring us to the one spot in the Middle East that has no oil!
The dog that trots about finds a bone.
I never did anything alone. Whatever was accomplished in this country was accomplished collectively.
We do not rejoice in victories. We rejoice when a new kind of cotton is grown and when strawberries bloom in Israel.
I must govern the clock, not be governed by it.
Those who don't know how to weep with their whole heart, don't know how to laugh either.
I don't know why you use a fancy French word like detente when there's a good English phrase for it - cold war.
Old age is like a plane flying through a storm. Once you're aboard, there's nothing you can do.
Above all, this country is our own. Nobody has to get up in the morning and worry what his neighbors think of him. Being a Jew is no problem here.
I can honestly say that I was never affected by the question of the success of an undertaking. If I felt it was the right thing to do, I was for it regardless of the possible outcome.
Don't be humble... you're not that great.
To be successful, a woman has to be much better at her job than a man.
To be or not to be is not a question of compromise. Either you be or you don't be.
Ability hits the mark where presumption overshoots and diffidence falls short.
Authority poisons everybody who takes authority on himself.
There can be no doubt that the average man blames much more than he praises. His instinct is to blame. If he is satisfied he says nothing; if he is not, he most illogically kicks up a row.
Glorious bouquets and storms of applause are the trimmings which every artist naturally enjoys.
The Egyptians could run to Egypt, the Syrians into Syria. The only place we could run was into the sea, and before we did that we might as well fight.
Being seventy is not a sin.
Pessimism is a luxury that a Jew can never allow himself.
A leader who doesn't hesitate before he sends his nation into battle is not fit to be a leader.
Even paranoids have real enemies.
