Roman,Leader
I came, I saw, I conquered.
Experience is the teacher of all things.
I had rather be first in a village than second at Rome.
No one is so brave that he is not disturbed by something unexpected.
If you must break the law, do it to seize power: in all other cases observe it.
I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.
Cowards die many times before their actual deaths.
Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true.
What we wish, we readily believe, and what we ourselves think, we imagine others think also.
The die is cast.
It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life.
In war, events of importance are the result of trivial causes.
It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience.
During a few days' halt near Vesontio for the provision of corn and other supplies, a panic arose from inquiries made by our troops and remarks uttered by Gauls and traders, who affirmed that the Germans were men of a mighty frame and an incredible valour and skill at arms.
Which death is preferably to every other? 'The unexpected'.
As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can.
Fortune, which has a great deal of power in other matters but especially in war, can bring about great changes in a situation through very slight forces.
Caesar's wife must be above suspicion.
Men freely believe that which they desire.
It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking.
Men are nearly always willing to believe what they wish.
I am prepared to resort to anything, to submit to anything, for the sake of the commonwealth.
I have lived long enough to satisfy both nature and glory.
I have lived long enough both in years and in accomplishments.
It was the wont of the immortal gods sometimes to grant prosperity and long impunity to men whose crimes they were minded to punish in order that a complete reverse of fortune might make them suffer more bitterly.
I have always reckoned the dignity of the republic of first importance and preferable to life.
