Leader
Everyone needs an open mind and an accepting heart. With a combination of these two aspects, you will be able to communicate sensibly.
If you are able to see the interrelatedness of mind and body, sensitivity towards your body becomes much sharper. Therefore, maintaining of good health also becomes easier.
To learn means by practice, by inquiring, by analyzing to find out what is, not what was.
Communication will bring understanding and understanding will cause harmonious mutual relationships which can establish peace and stability.
You need not search for the compassionate mind from outside. To know yourself, to know your nature, your mind will automatically be the compassionate one.
Do not lose your independent mind, unconditioned mind. You have by nature a very powerful mind. You can find everything for yourself; you can know everything for yourself.
No one can avoid death; it is inevitable. Therefore, I should create in my mind a kind of willingness and accepting for that event without any fear.
A religion must be instrumental in spiritualising the individual into a boundless and holistic nature.
For a person who is very much involved with the institution of religion but has lost the religious spirit, the 'religion' label is the real threat to liberty.
Faith and reason overpower each other throughout one's life, which results in contradiction, but the conflict never ceases in any sphere.
The line of demarcation between history and legend is too thin to observe while writing; the two overlap each other unconsciously and unknowingly.
Today, education does not give you the wisdom and the understanding; it only indoctrinates you to believe something. So the mind knows very less but accepts so many things; it may be science, it may be technology, it may be anything.
Non-violence is the essence of the entire Buddha's teaching, and the practice of non-violence is the entire essence of the practice of Buddha dharma, Buddhist spirituality, in one's life.
Every religion or every philosophy is an outcome of the human search for liberation.
Lack of understanding of interrelatedness has caused numerous divisions and conflicts that are the cause of many major challenges in the world such as war, violence, terrorism, economic disparity, and exploitation.
People forget who they are; they always remain with an identity which is not the real self. It is just a projected self which does not exist, but they identify with this projected self appearance.
Interreligious dialogue is extremely important for religious people as well as secular people or non-believers. They should participate, and they should be encouraged to have interreligious dialogue, because dialogue is a channel or an instrument to promote intimacy between individual.
I do not think any religion encourages intolerance. Intolerance is the biggest mental defilement, and every religion tries to remove this defilement. So we must understand that whenever there is intolerance, this comes from an irreligious mind. It is not created by religion, and it is not in the mind of the religious person.
We can never protect the rights by only thinking about our rights. By performing the universal responsibility with a compassionate mind, you can protect your own right and that of others.
We shall have to practise to lead our life on the basis of our needs, not under the influence of our greed.
For the exploitation of human greed, they have devised comparison and competition. Right from childhood on, we are indoctrinated to compare and compete, and there is a word, a phrase: 'free and fair competition.'
In ancient times, we were users; we used the commodities in accordance to our needs. Using is not sufficient for the modern market; it needs consumers. Consuming means consuming things much more than the natural need of humanity or of any living being.
Dying peacefully means to avoid any immediate cause for anger, fear, or strong desire.
Bodily discomfort and emotional fear and attachment make the dying uncomfortable and fearful. So, to help those dying people, I think modern medical science has a lot of facilities to reduce pain, or perhaps not to reduce pain, but not to experience pain.
A compassionate mind is very difficult to cultivate because compassion demands a sense of equality between all living beings.
To seek advice is easy, easy-approach job. To find the truth by yourself, that is a little difficult, and you have to work hard continuously, and you will find it.
