German,Leader
Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world.
Let the wife make the husband glad to come home, and let him make her sorry to see him leave.
To be a Christian without prayer is no more possible than to be alive without breathing.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
Faith is a living, daring confidence in God's grace, so sure and certain that a man could stake his life on it a thousand times.
There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage.
You are not only responsible for what you say, but also for what you do not say.
God writes the Gospel not in the Bible alone, but also on trees, and in the flowers and clouds and stars.
Pray, and let God worry.
Prayer is a strong wall and fortress of the church; it is a goodly Christian weapon.
Nothing good ever comes of violence.
Everything that is done in the world is done by hope.
Every man must do two things alone; he must do his own believing and his own dying.
Our Lord has written the promise of resurrection, not in books alone, but in every leaf in springtime.
Faith is permitting ourselves to be seized by the things we do not see.
For in the true nature of things, if we rightly consider, every green tree is far more glorious than if it were made of gold and silver.
I have held many things in my hands, and I have lost them all; but whatever I have placed in God's hands, that I still possess.
Beautiful music is the art of the prophets that can calm the agitations of the soul; it is one of the most magnificent and delightful presents God has given us.
I cannot and will not recant anything, for to go against conscience is neither right nor safe. Here I stand, I can do no other, so help me God. Amen.
For where God built a church, there the Devil would also build a chapel.
Peace is more important than all justice; and peace was not made for the sake of justice, but justice for the sake of peace.
Whatever your heart clings to and confides in, that is really your God.
Anyone who is to find Christ must first find the church. How could anyone know where Christ is and what faith is in him unless he knew where his believers are?
To gather with God's people in united adoration of the Father is as necessary to the Christian life as prayer.
When schools flourish, all flourishes.
The fewer the words, the better the prayer.
Faith must trample under foot all reason, sense, and understanding.
When I am angry I can pray well and preach well.
The God of this world is riches, pleasure and pride.
The will is a beast of burden. If God mounts it, it wishes and goes as God wills; if Satan mounts it, it wishes and goes as Satan wills; Nor can it choose its rider... the riders contend for its possession.
I shall never be a heretic; I may err in dispute, but I do not wish to decide anything finally; on the other hand, I am not bound by the opinions of men.
The man who has the will to undergo all labor may win to any good.
