Russian,Leader
A lie told often enough becomes the truth.
The goal of socialism is communism.
One man with a gun can control 100 without one.
Give me four years to teach the children and the seed I have sown will never be uprooted.
The oppressed are allowed once every few years to decide which particular representatives of the oppressing class are to represent and repress them in parliament.
Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners.
Democracy is indispensable to socialism.
There are no morals in politics; there is only expedience. A scoundrel may be of use to us just because he is a scoundrel.
When one makes a Revolution, one cannot mark time; one must always go forward - or go back. He who now talks about the 'freedom of the press' goes backward, and halts our headlong course towards Socialism.
Give us the child for 8 years and it will be a Bolshevik forever.
Sometimes - history needs a push.
Under socialism all will govern in turn and will soon become accustomed to no one governing.
The way to crush the bourgeoisie is to grind them between the millstones of taxation and inflation.
Fascism is capitalism in decay.
If it were necessary to give the briefest possible definition of imperialism, we should have to say that imperialism is the monopoly stage of capitalism.
It is true that liberty is precious; so precious that it must be carefully rationed.
Crime is a product of social excess.
Can a nation be free if it oppresses other nations? It cannot.
The press should be not only a collective propagandist and a collective agitator, but also a collective organizer of the masses.
No amount of political freedom will satisfy the hungry masses.
If Socialism can only be realized when the intellectual development of all the people permits it, then we shall not see Socialism for at least five hundred years.
Our program necessarily includes the propaganda of atheism.
A revolution is impossible without a revolutionary situation; furthermore, not every revolutionary situation leads to revolution.
Despair is typical of those who do not understand the causes of evil, see no way out, and are incapable of struggle. The modern industrial proletariat does not belong to the category of such classes.
The best way to destroy the capitalist system is to debauch the currency.
The history of all countries shows that the working class exclusively by its own effort is able to develop only trade-union consciousness.
