Swiss,Athlete
The Premier League is not my goal but a childhood dream. It is a dream that could be fulfilled.
Arsenal were really interested in me for a long time, and I think that I fit into the football Arsenal play.
There a lot of occasions when Albanians cause trouble, but then we are also very nice people. People sometimes forget that there are good people from the Balkans as well.
I have learned one thing in my life: If I put too much pressure on myself, then everything goes wrong.
When I went to Gladbach from Basel in 2012, I put a lot of pressure on myself at first, and it was too heavy. I will not put any pressure on myself at Arsenal, even though the transfer fee was high.
Ottmar is a big coach and a good gentleman. I don't know if I'm a young Schweinsteiger; I'm another player. I am Granit Xhaka.
When I was younger, even though I had a big brother, my parents would give me the house key every day.
The fans are amazing. I'm really happy here at Arsenal, and I'm going to do my best for this club.
London is really nice, and I'm really happy here, but, of course, I've moved here to play football and not just to be in the city.
In games, you notice there's more sprints than in Bundesliga. It takes a while to get used to.
I think every new player needs time when they come to a new club and a new country, and I certainly did.
Maybe if I was born in Kosovo, I might not be where I am now, so I need to thank Switzerland, of course, because I went to school there, learnt to play football there, and started my career there.
Moving to England, again it's a new language to learn, and I've got to get use to the mentality, the culture, but I think I've integrated myself really well into this team, and I'm happy so far.
I like to play football. I'm an aggressive player and also a leader.
I know that there are coaches in the Bundesliga that have said in team meetings, 'Provoke Xhaka; he will eventually go ballistic.' I think that is sad. That, in my view, has nothing to do with football.
No, Borussia is not falling apart. It does not matter whichever players will leave. That is what the past has showed. The club has developed and actually improved despite big-name players leaving.
To have six years of professional football under my belt already is really something.
I know I've made mistakes, and sometimes I've talked about things too openly or directly. That wasn't good, and I've learned from that.
I compliment Kramer perfectly. We both put in a lot of legwork, win many balls, and we're comfortable with the ball at our feet. We also talk a lot both off and on the pitch.
I have never had any contact with Bayern Munich, let alone have agreed personal terms.
You can't afford to rest on your laurels at all, or you'll instantly be on the bench.
I knew before I arrived that the pressure at a club that challenges for the title grows quickly. The season is long; we'll become stronger with every game.
