Swiss,Philosopher
There is no respect for others without humility in one's self.
Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are travelling the dark journey with us. Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind.
Destiny has two ways of crushing us - by refusing our wishes and by fulfilling them.
Any landscape is a condition of the spirit.
Doing easily what others find difficult is talent; doing what is impossible for talent is genius.
The best path through life is the highway.
Everything you need for better future and success has already been written. And guess what? All you have to do is go to the library.
Learn to... be what you are, and learn to resign with a good grace all that you are not.
Conquering any difficulty always gives one a secret joy, for it means pushing back a boundary-line and adding to one's liberty.
True humility is contentment.
The man who has no inner-life is a slave to his surroundings.
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.
Truth is not only violated by falsehood; it may be equally outraged by silence.
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
In every loving woman there is a priestess of the past - a pious guardian of some affection, of which the object has disappeared.
Uncertainty is the refuge of hope.
Man becomes man only by his intelligence, but he is man only by his heart.
We are never more discontented with others than when we are discontented with ourselves.
Charm is the quality in others, that makes us more satisfied with ourselves.
Thankfulness is the beginning of gratitude. Gratitude is the completion of thankfulness. Thankfulness may consist merely of words. Gratitude is shown in acts.
It is by teaching that we teach ourselves, by relating that we observe, by affirming that we examine, by showing that we look, by writing that we think, by pumping that we draw water into the well.
Materialism coarsens and petrifies everything, making everything vulgar, and every truth false.
The man who insists upon seeing with perfect clearness before he decides, never decides. Accept life, and you must accept regret.
He who asks of life nothing but the improvement of his own nature... is less liable than anyone else to miss and waste life.
Music is harmony, harmony is perfection, perfection is our dream, and our dream is heaven.
Society lives by faith, and develops by science.
Pure truth cannot be assimilated by the crowd; it must be communicated by contagion.
Order is a great person's need and their true well being.
Order is power.
Sympathy is the first condition of criticism.
Sacrifice, which is the passion of great souls, has never been the law of societies.
The only substance properly so called is the soul.
If nationality is consent, the state is compulsion.
Thought is a kind of opium; it can intoxicate us, while still broad awake; it can make transparent the mountains and everything that exists.
Action is coarsened thought; thought becomes concrete, obscure, and unconscious.
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
Sacrifice still exists everywhere, and everywhere the elect of each generation suffers for the salvation of the rest.
The test of every religious, political, or educational system is the man that it forms.
Woman is the salvation or the destruction of the family. She carries its destiny in the folds of her mantle.
Blessed be childhood, which brings down something of heaven into the midst of our rough earthliness.
