Swiss,Clergyman
Never be in a hurry; do everything quietly and in a calm spirit. Do not lose your inner peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength.
The bee collects honey from flowers in such a way as to do the least damage or destruction to them, and he leaves them whole, undamaged and fresh, just as he found them.
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.
Have patience with all things, But, first of all with yourself.
Half an hour's meditation each day is essential, except when you are busy. Then a full hour is needed.
Be who you are and be that well.
Through devotion, your family cares become more peaceful, mutual love between husband and wife becomes more sincere, the service we owe to the prince more faithful, and our work, no matter what it is, becomes more pleasant and agreeable.
When you encounter difficulties and contradictions, do not try to break them, but bend them with gentleness and time.
Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections.
Do not wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly.
Reputation is rarely proportioned to virtue.
By turning your eyes on God in meditation, your whole soul will be filled with God. Begin all your prayers in the presence of God.
True progress quietly and persistently moves along without notice.
Those who love to be feared fear to be loved.
Make friends with the angels, who though invisible are always with you. Often invoke them, constantly praise them, and make good use of their help and assistance in all your temporal and spiritual affairs.
The thoughts of those moved by natural human love are almost completely fastened on the beloved, their hearts are filled with passion for it, and their mouths full of its praises.
We must never undervalue any person. The workman loves not that his work should be despised in his presence. Now God is present everywhere, and every person is His work.
To live according to the spirit is to love according to the spirit.
There was never an angry man that thought his anger unjust.
So many have come to me that I might serve them, leaving me no time to think of myself. However, I assure you that I do feel deep down within me, God be praised.
While I am busy with little things, I am not required to do greater things.
Friendships begun in this world will be taken up again, never to be broken off.
A good discourse is that from which nothing can be retrenched without cutting into the quick.
Retire at various times into the solitude of your own heart, even while outwardly engaged in discussions or transactions with others, and talk to God.
There are no galley-slaves in the royal vessel of divine love - every man works his oar voluntarily!
