American,Coach
I don't think we'd be the business that we are today if we were spread out in the suburban areas.
The first thing is to hang on to everybody who is talented, who is entrepreneurial, who wants to make an impact and a change and start attracting ones.
I believe in our players, our coaching staff, and our entire franchise.
From LeBron's standpoint, if a guy like Kyrie walks away - that creates doubt. But Kyrie committed right away, and that's a major statement about his faith in us.
There's nobody you can point to in the world that doesn't make a mistake. The best players, the best business people, the best coaches. So one thing is not going to make or break a person.
One of our things is that money follows; it does not lead. So we want people that are fired up and passionate about their mission... and people that aren't so married to spreadsheets and thinking that kind of voodoo controls the future. Because it doesn't.
Urban renewal always happens as a symphony of events, and part of the symphony is innovative, optimistic developers with the ability and willingness to transform historic properties.
StockX's live marketplace will harness the Internet's natural ability to facilitate a better way to transact certain segments of ecommerce. We are going to bring the kind of trading platform and visibility to tangible products that financial and commodities markets have used for decades.
There's nothing better than people talking to each other, sharing best practices, and opening up communications.
When we grew up, we wanted to do two things: to own a sports team and a casino.
Some borrowers are pretty damn good at fraud.
First thing I said to him was, 'LeBron, you know this is true. We had five good years and one bad night'. Like a marriage that's good, and then one bad thing happens, and you never talk to each other again.
When we do an investment, we always ask, 'Can we affect the outcome? When buying a company, can we have an impact?' That's a different style of investing than a passive investor in the stock market. To me, that's how you're taking the risk out of it. You know what your capability is and how you can enhance value.
We like scalable companies that we think we can grow - because of our expertise, operational is consumer-facing. For the most part, consumer-facing, technology-driven process, driven sometimes if they're call center or into the sales type of stuff associated with it.
The Midwest has, I think, incredibly hardworking people. You know they're going to be successful because, quite honestly, I cannot work with people from the East Coast - a little bit of variance on the coast - I'm from Ohio, and I understand that.
I think Detroit is where muscle meets brains.
If the Big Bang is true, that means everything that came out of it, all of the particles, all of us, there is a scientific force that connects it all that we don't really know about.
I think that when we strip people down, most of us want the same things. People just have very different views of how to get there.
LeBron James needs to go to another team with two superstars already so he can win a championship.
It's time for people to hold these athletes accountable for their actions.
On this planet, there is no perfection. If you chose to end relationships because of one mistake, you're going to be alone.
The entire NBA knew in 2010 that the best player in the world could be a free agent in 2014. We weren't the only team positioning ourselves for the summer of 2014.
Head coaching options are limited.
People still don't know how good Kevin Love is because he played in Minnesota... you didn't see him much on TV. His passing, his knowledge of the game - the stuff that doesn't show up in the stats - he has so much going for him.
In today's world, social media, people get judged so much by the last thing that happened, I almost feel, in a way, young people get to see that not only is it OK to fail - that's the way you get to championship success, whether it's sports or business or life.
Everybody made mistakes for years, but by making them, everybody learned - myself, the franchise, coaches, players, LeBron, everybody.
People my age, we would hear from our parents and grandparents who were raised in Detroit about how great this city was from 1900 to the '60s.
You can't fight the fact that Detroit is a de-industrializing market and it isn't facing dramatic, positive transformation.
Except for a handful of banks that just keep a handful of their loans in portfolio, on their balance sheet, every other loan that's originated in the United States - whether from a bank, mortgage company, mortgage broker - is sold into the secondary market.
Some people think they should go to Heaven but not have to die to get there. Sorry, but that's simply not how it works.
The good news is that the ownership team and the rest of the hard-working, loyal, and driven staff over here at your hometown Cavaliers have not betrayed you nor never will betray you.
When there were first rumors of us going after LeBron, some fans wondered how we could do that after all that happened. But after the 'Sports Illustrated' letter, every fan is thrilled to have him back. That was so heartfelt.
Our goal is a title. With LeBron, we are in 'win now' mode.
We are driven to win a title. We want to see that day when everyone celebrates because we finally brought a title home to Northeast Ohio. It's what we want, what LeBron wants, what all of us want.
I'd probably put myself in the top 1% in knowledge of blight in the city of Detroit.
Blight is like a cancer. This is one of those all-or-nothing things.
I'm still focused on the flagship businesses: Quicken Loans and RockBridge, the title company, and some of the board stuff in the gaming.
I just think that everything is symbolic, and who you are determines everything that you do, small moves and big moves.
Detroit's a good investment because, first of all, the entry fee for everything is lower. And, you've got the talent that is here that is ambitious and motivated, so you're going to get in on a much lower cost structure in every way, shape, or form from labor to buildings to whatever.
Anybody who dies with money in the bank is a failure.
People are more optimistic about Detroit outside of Detroit.
If you were blessed with a fortunate position... why wouldn't you want to impact the world around you as much as possible?
The team is in great shape, the coaching staff, the front office. Just things feel really good chemistry-wise across the board.
People have things that happen between them. I certainly don't keep grudges.
You have a lot of great teams in the NBA. I watched San Antonio against Dallas, and they're two great teams, and there are great teams in the east, as well. So it takes time to gel, as we've all seen.
Regional gaming across the United States has had serious challenges, not just in Cleveland or Cincinnati, but also across the United States.
You can not only do great things for an urban core by moving your employee base there, you're also going to be a better business.
There's an energy in an urban core that you just don't get anywhere else.
