German,Coach
Life is too short not to celebrate nice moments!
Anyone can have a good day, but you have to be able to perform on a bad day.
I don't feel too much pressure. I only see an opportunity.
I always thought about working in England because of the kind of football, the intensity of football. Liverpool was first choice.
In England, football is a big thing to talk about, but Liverpool, it's a special place. You feel it when you make your first step.
The Premier League is one of the most difficult in the world. There's five, six, or seven clubs that can be the champions. Only one can win, and all the others are disappointed and live in the middle of disaster.
I am a normal guy from the Black Forest, and I do not compare myself with the geniuses.
My biggest skill is common sense. I understand life.
I have only one understanding of development and of making success, and that's by going step by step.
That's what you live for as a sportsman. You have to put up a fight.
If you are full of motivation as a player, if you are full of concentration, I am open arms.
Football is a game you cannot play without making mistakes.
There is a place in the net where the keeper cannot reach the ball.
If you want special results, you have to feel special things and do special things together. You can speak about spirit, or you can live it.
Only stupid people are changed by success.
I don't think I'm an unlucky person.
I left Mainz after 18 years and thought, 'Next time, I will work with a little less of my heart.' I said that because we all cried for a week. The city gave us a goodbye party, and it lasted a week.
I've met some Evertonians in the street, and they've been friendly. I've had taxi drivers who have been Everton fans. They've been really nice.
He is really something. I love him. He is Sir Arsene Wenger.
Fighting football, not serenity football - that is what I like.
I love football and the intensity of football in Liverpool, this is what is very good for me.
I understand aggressiveness in only one way: being prepared to hurt yourself, not someone else.
I am not a dreamer. I am a football romantic.
We don't want people to leave the stadium until the game finishes.
It needs time. Nobody wants to hear it, but that's the truth: if you want to have success in the future, you have to be ready to work now.
I get a little bit emotional during a game!
To win is always good for the feeling of the whole team.
What is Champions League level? I saw a lot of rubbish games at Champions League level.
There is something special which rides on a game between Liverpool and United.
Louis van Gaal is one of the most successful managers in the world.
Without being the most confident person in the world, I think I am the right person for Liverpool.
I am not saying I am the best manager in the world. But I'm quite good.
I don't want to spend money the club doesn't have; I don't want to hold a player that doesn't want to stay.
It's not about changing people; it's sometimes about changing a situation. How can we build an even better situation for them?
I had no bad moment in my relationship with Dortmund. Not one second.
Just like every person who works for Dortmund is a fan of the club, it was the same at Mainz. When I was a player there, we had 800 supporters on rainy Saturday afternoons, and if we died, no one would notice or come to our funeral. But we loved the club, and we have this same feeling at Dortmund.
Bayern want a decade of success like Barca. That's OK if you have the money because it increases the possibility of success. But it's not guaranteed.
Shinji Kagawa is one of the best players in the world, and he now plays 20 minutes at Manchester United - on the left wing! My heart breaks. Really, I have tears in my eyes. Central midfield is Shinji's best role.
My problem is I am Christian, so I think other people must have success, too; it's not about me.
Coaches will say that it's not important for their team to run more, and they prefer to make games the right way. I want to make games only the right way and run 10 km more.
It's a rule to give all, and it can make the difference if you work more. If you don't have to give all, and you still win, what's this?
You'd be waiting 30 or 40 years for me to build a table. I have more than two left hands.
Sometimes I don't use the words 'will' and 'want' in the right way. The German word 'will' is the English word 'want,' so that's a little bit of the problem.
Liverpool is a club with a big, big, big history, and all the clubs in the world have a big history if the present is not too successful. If you have never had success, then nobody knows how it is, but in Liverpool, everybody knows how it was.
The challenge is to stay cool enough to handle the pressure in the moment so that you can succeed in the future.
The more players I have, the more difficult choices there are for me, but the better it is for LFC.
Derbies are always difficult to play because you have to handle the pressure. There's no advantage or disadvantage for either side.
When I started analysing games in 2001, I had a DVD recorder. I'd be at home watching the games just on a normal TV, watching what I could and trying to figure out what we would be facing a few weeks later. The problem was, in the team meetings, I'd always have to keep going back and forwards with the footage, trying to get to the right part.
In Dortmund, they say the derby is more important than the championship. You can feel it around the game.
My father gave me some advice when I was very young - whatever someone tells you in the future, don't forget Pele is the best.
I didn't take many penalties, but I never missed one.
I love pets, especially dogs.
I'm looking forward to the intensity of football and how the people live football in Liverpool. It's a special club.
I'm not a genius. I need other people to get the perfect information. When we have this, we will decide to sign or sell a player.
I was a very average player and became a trainer in Germany with a special club.
I'm an absolutely normal guy.
As Dortmund manager, I lived in a street, and my two neighbours were Schalke fans. They showed it every day, flying flags!
The emotion to handle the pressure is one of the biggest challenges in football - it's the top challenge.
I'm pretty positive, optimistic, so I always expect the best.
Winning the title in England is the biggest challenge of them all.
Each doctor makes a much, much more important job than I do, but at the end, nobody talks about him. We all know about it, but we don't really think about it.
When you create circumstances together, when you try everything, then you can lose. But you need to show the importance.
If you watch me during the game, I celebrate when we press the ball and it goes out.
I am a very emotional guy. What I love, I do with all I have.
When we have the ball, the other team has to run. The most important thing is for the players to be prepared to be a little bit wild.
It is my job to help the players react better.
The English game is not faster than the German game. Perhaps there are a few more sprints. But there is a different style of football here, partially due to the weather.
The wind can be quite extreme in England. We are not familiar with that in Germany, and you have to keep things simple.
Players who are not from the U.K. have to get used to the winds. I have to adapt my style as a result as well. Often, you are forced to keep things simple.
When the players go home, I can't tell them what to do, so you need to create an atmosphere of trust. I don't want to think, 'What are they doing now? Do I need to call them?'
When you play sports like tennis, you're alone, and that's a good school for life, but it's also a good school for life to bring your best and make those around you better, too - helping others in difficult moments.
I'm really a normal football manager.
I'm not a one-man show. I was never that in my life, and I never want to be that.
People should not make me out to be like Jesus; I don't walk on water.
