German,Coach
I gain strength from postive thought and from the daily conversation with God.
Guardiola focuses only on the tactics.
My coaching days are now over, and I'm proud of what I've achieved.
We always go into a game to win.
To represent a country, qualify for the World Cup, and get a team to perform at the right moment in time would be great honour for me.
It's very likely that I will finish my career as Swiss national coach.
Every change in a team can turn into an opportunity for players to show themselves.
It's always important for a coach to decide on the short term and long term - one factor doesn't block out the other.
I am still hungry; I still hate defeats. There is no substitute for victories.
As long as there is a mathematical chance, we have to keep on going.
The favourites and the stronger teams have a lot of pressure during the group phase because everybody just takes it for granted that they will reach the round of 16.
There is always the fear of failure, and if you struggle, you become nervous, and that's when the underdogs have an opportunity to create a surprise.
As long as you are successful and winning matches, the language is no problem at all. But when the results are insufficient, the difficulties begin. At this time, a coach needs to go into more detail with his instructions, and that's where the problems can lie.
I can live without football. There are more important things in life.
Sometimes, the supposedly weak groups turn out to be very difficult, and the supposedly strong ones are easier to take control of.
I have never broken a contract in my career.
I am proud of my career.
I have been very fortunate to coach marvellous teams, and it has been a great honour to work for Switzerland.
There is always pressure in football.
It cannot be a coincidence that a European team couldn't win a World Cup held in South America.
Xherdan Shaqiri is a player who can make the difference because he can decide games on his own.
Thomas Tuchel is a coach who can work in the long-term.
My philosophy is always to fulfill contracts.
When you get older, 10 matches a year are enough.
That you get booed belongs to professional sports.
We have to look after the health of the players. Quality suffers with too many games.
