American,Coach
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength.
My philosophy is that you don't motivate players with speeches; you have motivated players that you draft. That's where they come in, and those are the guys that are competitive. You can not teach competitiveness.
I gave it my body and mind, but I have kept my soul.
If you meet the Buddha in the lane, feed him the ball.
Approach the game with no preset agendas and you'll probably come away surprised at your overall efforts.
Basketball is a simple game. Your goal is penetration, get the ball close to the basket, and there are three ways to do that. Pass, dribble and offensive rebound.
For us tall people, the whole key is that your hips and your knees should form a right angle when you sit down. That's where backs and hips get to be problems for big guys.
I think the most important thing about coaching is that you have to have a sense of confidence about what you're doing. You have to be a salesman, and you have to get your players, particularly your leaders, to believe in what you're trying to accomplish on the basketball floor.
Love is the force that ignites the spirit and binds teams together.
Your problems never cease. They just change.
My father was the superintendent of the churches in the state of Montana. He was content in his beliefs. He befit the term 'true Christian.' He would turn the other cheek. He was truly a man of peace.
My parents were, had a marriage of passion, and the passion was about their religious beliefs. They were both immigrant families that - well, my father's family came as Puritans to Massachusetts.
I think the most important thing about coaching is that you have to have a sense of confidence about what you're doing.
My father was a man who didn't consider himself learned. He was a man who liked to be a farmer. He enjoyed his dairy farm and felt the calling. So there was a dedication. I was dedicated as a child to the service of God, and so there was this continual centering of a greater purpose than your own.
When I was young, I was dedicated to become a minister - my brothers and I were formally brought in front of the congregation in a dedication ceremony, where we were dedicated to the future service of God.
Pau is one of the best big men in the game. I mean, Pau Gasol is going to be in the Hall of Fame.
I'm a sports-watcher. I played football and baseball, coached baseball. So I watch those things.
I played hockey in North Dakota growing up and watch a lot of that.
I'm not going to coach again. I've done my coaching, and I think I can put that aside.
You have to be able to psychologically help your players, support-wise, be in touch with them, so I think managing people is very important.
I think the most rewarding part of the job, and I think most coaches would say it, is practice. If you have it, a very good practice in which you have 12 guys participate, and they can really get something out of it, lose themselves in practice.
The winter's a little bit daunting in Montana.
I replaced three joints in my hips and one in my knee. I'm hoping that other knee doesn't have to be done. It's one of the toughest things to overcome.
I think there's something about wanting to stand in the spotlight. I think the ball is a spotlight, for example, and I think they want to stand in that. I a lot of times see - LeBron is a guy that vacillates between wanting to do that and then wanting to get somebody else involved.
My mother's families were Mennonites or Anabaptists that came to Minnesota from Russia. They were actually moving around Europe doing diking and lowland reclamation work, and they moved into Minnesota.
