American,Coach
Setting a goal is not the main thing. It is deciding how you will go about achieving it and staying with that plan.
Really, coaching is simplicity. It's getting players to play better than they think that they can.
The secret to winning is constant, consistent management.
Leadership is a matter of having people look at you and gain confidence, seeing how you react. If you're in control, they're in control.
Character is the ability of a person to see a positive end of things. This is the hope that a man of character has.
I don't believe in team motivation. I believe in getting a team prepared so it knows it will have the necessary confidence when it steps on a field and be prepared to play a good game.
I learned early in sports that to be effective - for a player to play the best he can play - is a matter of concentration and being unaware of distractions, positive or negative.
Confidence comes from knowing what you're doing. If you are prepared for something, you usually do it. If not, you usually fall flat on your face.
People striving, being knocked down and coming back... this is what builds character in a man.
Achievement builds character.
As a Christian, I know my life is in God's hands. He has a plan for me. Therefore, I never worry about tomorrow or never worry about winning or losing football games. That knowledge gives me a lot of composure in tough situations.
I've learned that something constructive comes from every defeat.
Being the best at whatever talent you have, that's what stimulates life.
When you want to win a game, you have to teach. When you lose a game, you have to learn.
Leadership is getting someone to do what they don't want to do, to achieve what they want to achieve.
Every coach has his own style of play, but when you spend your whole life as a Cowboy, you have to be influenced by what we did.
A winner never stops trying.
If you are prepared, you will be confident, and will do the job.
If you don't believe in winning, you don't believe in free enterprise, capitalism, our way of life.
Today, you have 100% of your life left.
I know that life is really finding the right relationship between yourself and God.
I wouldn't think I would coach again, because it would just be hard not being in the Cowboys' blue.
If I had to pick my greatest strength as a football coach, I say it would be innovation.
If you eliminate our way of life, the American way of life, what is the effect... what are the alternatives?
If you show emotion in competition, temporarily, you'll be ineffective. If you're disciplined enough, you don't get down when you're behind, and you have a chance to create something positive.
There are coaches to whom winning or losing means something close to life or death. If they lose, then their life has somehow been diminished. I'm not that way, and it keeps me steady.
