American,Coach
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination.
There are three types of baseball players: Those who make it happen, those who watch it happen and those who wonder what happens.
There are three kinds of people in this world: people who make it happen, people who watch what happens, and people who wonder what happened.
You give loyalty, you'll get it back. You give love, you'll get it back.
'Pressure' is a word that is misused in our vocabulary. When you start thinking of pressure, it's because you've started to think of failure.
I still remember the entire Boy Scout motto. I don't remember the serial number of my gun in the army. I don't remember the number of my locker in school. But I remember that Boy Scout code.
You can wake up every day and make today better than the last.
When you - when you become the manager of a major league team, particularly the Dodgers, to me, that's a privilege and an honor. No matter where you go or what you do, you represent that position that you have. And you represent that organization that gave you the opportunity to be doing what you're doing.
Baseball is like driving, it's the one who gets home safely that counts.
If you don't love the Dodgers, there's a good chance you may not get into Heaven.
I believe managing is like holding a dove in your hand. If you hold it too tightly you kill it, but if you hold it too loosely, you lose it.
About the only problem with success is that it does not teach you how to deal with failure.
Grownups have to say 'please,' too.
I bleed Dodger blue and when I die, I'm going to the big Dodger in the sky.
Guys ask me, don't I get burned out? How can you get burned out doing something you love? I ask you, have you ever got tired of kissing a pretty girl?
No matter how good you are, you're going to lose one-third of your games. No matter how bad you are, you're going to win one-third of your games. It's the other third that makes the difference.
Listen, if you start worrying about the people in the stands, before too long you're up in the stands with them.
I am so happy and proud to learn of Hideo Nomo's election to the Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame. He was quite a pitcher and competitor, but he is also a very special and caring person.
When we win, I'm so happy I eat a lot. When we lose, I'm so depressed, I eat a lot. When we're rained out, I'm so disappointed I eat a lot.
Managing is like holding a dove in your hand. Squeeze too hard and you kill it, not hard enough and it flies away.
Sports has kept me on the straight and narrow path.
You get an opportunity to do something for your country, you better get out and do it.
If you love your job, you haven't worked a day in your life.
I've never used one word of profanity in front of my wife, or my daughter, or my granddaughter... or anybody else's wife.
The only Angels in Los Angeles are in Heaven, and they're looking down on the Dodgers.
The only way I'd worry about the weather is if it snows on our side of the field and not theirs.
I didn't even graduate from high school. I've never told anybody that before. I got my degree later, when I was in the army.
When I was 15 years old, I used to actually dream I was pitching in Yankee Stadium. Bill Dickey was my catcher.
They could never beat me in Springfield. I loved that old ballpark. If I could have pitched there all my career, I'd be a 300-game winner.
I've got a portrait in the Smithsonian. Who ever thought that would happen?
When I was interviewed after I got hired to replace Walter Alston, a future Hall of Famer, I was asked: 'Don't you feel pressure on you?' I said: 'Want to know something? I'm worried about the guy who's going to have to replace me.'
