American,Coach
I'm a great believer in the character of a club. To me, character has a lot to do with how you compete. That creates urgency and toughness. That elevates the talent that you have.
Just because you're down to your last strike, you're not out yet. You can always do more. You'll always have more at-bats to take. That's true in baseball, in rescuing animals, and in life, generally.
We're all men, not machines. We make mistakes.
If you try to give them a scheme, most hitters will rebel.
I had started law school at Florida State University as a part-timer. I would go two quarters, and they allowed me to drop out to play baseball, and then I'd get readmitted in September. I was convinced I was going to be a lawyer and was using my baseball salary to pay my way through school.
I think each negotiation should be based on what's the best decision - taking everything into account, not taking one thing into account.
There are always distractions, if you allow them.
I think the game is so mental. If you sit around and you're mentally strong, you're ready.
I'm not going to manage again. I'm going to work for a team someday. But it won't be managing.
My mind is just a product of 50 years of being taught. I'm no smarter than anyone else, but I've been taught by some wonderful people.
You can't manage by memo. You can't stand up there and just send out edicts. I think you just gotta really personalize your relationships.
I've been so fortunate in life to have worked for such great organizations, with great owners and general managers and all the great players, along with the support of my family.
If you watch the history of baseball, teams come back, and sometimes they could have come back, but they give in or give up.
I think the guys that get to the All-Star Game deserve a lot of credit. They deserve their opportunity to get out there and let the baseball fandom see them.
Clubs are taking away the steal of home. Not only are more pitchers throwing out of the stretch position, but more third basemen are playing closer to the bag. But another reason why nobody does it much anymore is that some guys, no matter how fast they are, just aren't comfortable trying to steal home.
I think there's a growing number of pitchers who want to have a plan going into a game about how they're going to go after that lineup. I'd say 75 percent want to have an idea, and they plan their attack. I know that 75 percent of hitters do not have that same type of plan against a pitcher.
The arc of Ken Griffey Jr.'s swing has gotten bigger than when he hit line drives. Juan Gonzalez is a terrific power hitter, too.
It's a sensitive thing, playing major league baseball.
You can't put a price on what Mark McGwire brings to the Cardinals organization. The responsibility he accepts is as great as any number of home runs.
I've said this: If Jim Leyland had been in my place, he'd have the 2,000 wins and I'd have 1,000. Leyland is the greatest.
I don't miss being in the dugout - I'll make that clear.
Anything that disturbs your comfort factor is good for you.
In the end, as a manager or coach, you have to keep your heart pure and do your best as a manager or a coach.
To me, there is no more conscientious umpire in the Major Leagues than Jim Joyce. He gives you a hellacious effort every time.
If you seriously aspire to be a manager in the big leagues, there is a baseball 'book' that one must learn. Alongside that book, you must practice Spanish. Of 25 players on each roster, sometimes there are between eight and 15 players who speak Spanish.
If the national government doesn't fix your problem, you've got a problem. You've got to fix it yourself. That's just part of the American way.
