American,Coach
Paralyze resistance with persistence.
The five big mistakes in football are the fumble, the interception, the penalty, the badly called play, the blocked punt - and most of these originate with the quarterback. Find a mistake-proof quarterback and you have this game won.
I don't apologize for anything. When I make a mistake, I take the blame and go on from there.
No back in the history of football was ever worth two fumbles a game.
Without winners, there wouldn't even be any civilization.
Success - it's what you do with what you've got.
Football is, after all, a wonderful way to get rid of your aggressions without going to jail for it.
Success is the only motivational factor that a boy with character needs.
A good general always makes you search for his weaknesses.
Nothing that comes easy is worth a dime.
I don't like nice people. I like tough, honest people.
I may not be able to outsmart too many people, but I can outwork 'em.
The players fire the coach, and as long as I'm on the same wavelength with them, I can coach as long as I want to.
Nobody despises to lose more than I do. That's got me into trouble over the years, but it also made a man of mediocre ability into a pretty good coach.
As the youngest, I don't think there was any doubt I was spoiled.
On our first date, all Anne wanted to talk about was Bob Feller, the new pitcher for the Cleveland Indians.
A man is always better than he thinks.
The bowl games are only supposed to be a fun reward.
I'm not trying to win a popularity poll. I'm trying to win football games.
I am not very smart, but I recognize that I am not very smart.
The game of football is one of strategy and tactics.
The most deceptive course in football is straight at the goalposts.
I speak at a lot of banquets in small towns, because small towns have so many great people.
My brother and I were still in high school playing football, and we were both middleweight, and we couldn't find anyone else to fight in our weight class, so we'd fight each other. I was a stand-up fighter, and Ike was a weaving type of fighter, and we fought that way out there at Cy Young's farm, and we put on quite a show.
