Israeli,Leader
A people cannot exist if there is no social solidarity.
The sad and horrible conclusion is that no one cared that Jews were being murdered... This is the Jewish lesson of the Holocaust and this is the lesson which Auschwitz taught us.
I know more about wheat and olive trees than I do about politics.
Pope John Paul II was a man of peace, a friend of the Jewish nation... and worked for the historic reconciliation between the nations and for the renewal of diplomatic ties between Israel and the Vatican at the end of 1993.
We extend our hand towards peace. Our people are committed to peace. We know that peace entails painful compromise for both sides.
Like all Israelis, I yearn for peace. I see the utmost importance in taking all possible steps that will lead to a solution of the conflict with the Palestinians.
To our Palestinian neighbours, I assure you that we have a genuine intention to respect your right to live independently and in dignity. I have already said that Israel has no desire to continue to govern over you and control your fate.
The government, under my leadership, will act to implement the rule of law and to maintain the independence of the judicial system, which is one of the pillars of maintaining a democratic system.
There is a feeling among the Arabs - encouraging terrorist activity is part of the broad new Arab strategy - that sooner or later, Israel will be forced to withdraw from Samaria, Judea and Gaza.
Israel has many hopes, and faces extreme dangers. The most prominent danger is Iran, which is making every effort to acquire nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles, and establishing an enormous terror network together with Syria in Lebanon.
The power of a person derives not from the office he occupies but from a clear sense of direction and aspiration and from a willingness to struggle for his ways and beliefs.
Even a superpower has limits.
There is no good terror and bad terror. Terror is terror. There's not terror that you can accept and terror that you cannot accept. Terror is terror. Murder is murder.
I call on the Western democracies and primarily on the leader of the free world, the United States: Do not repeat the dreadful mistake of 1938, when enlightened European democracies decided to sacrifice Czechoslovakia for a convenient temporary solution... Israel will not be Czechoslovakia.
Jerusalem is the holiest place for the Jewish people.
When it comes to matters of war and peace, we must not act rashly.
Iran, Libya and Syria are irresponsible states, which must be disarmed of weapons of mass destruction, and a successful American move in Iraq as a model will make that easier to achieve.
A day will come when other Israelis will be launched into space in the service of science and progress. For them and for us, Ilan Ramon will always be a source of inspiration as Israel's space pioneer, and his memory will be engraved in our hearts forever.
I have worries, but in difficult times, that is when I am quiet.
Netanyahu is pressured easily, gets into a panic, and loses his senses... to run a country like Israel a leader needs to have reason and judgment and nerves of steel, two traits he does not have.
We don't have any intention whatsoever to use military force to solve the Palestinian problem. But when it comes to terror - when it comes to terror, I believe that military - the right military steps is a very, very complicated kind of warfare, where I make every effort not to escalate the situation.
If there is ever to be an end to the conflict, the Palestinians must recognize the Jewish people's right to a homeland and the existence of an independent Jewish state in the homeland of the Jewish people.
Expressions of disobedience naturally encourage terrorist organizations and motivate them to intensify their actions.
Staying in Likud means wasting time in political squabbles rather than acting on behalf of the good of the country.
The fight against terrorism is an international struggle of the free world against the forces of darkness.
If cars and buses were attacked daily by petrol bombs or stones for 16 months in Washington, could you imagine it would be tolerated? It would not, because in the name of democracy, to preserve democracy, steps would be taken.
I cannot say that the attitude of the United Nations always is for the Israeli attitude. Israel, I think, has been under severe attacks by members of the United Nations many times.
And Israel, being a tiny, small country, of course has interest to strengthen - we have interest to strengthen our relations with other countries, mostly countries that were hostile for many, many years.
Israel is a wonderful country. It's a beautiful country. It is ours. But it is a country with 10,000 problems that we have to solve and deal.
Myself, first of all, I am a Jew. And that is the most important thing for me.
If there will be a serious Palestinian prime minister who makes a 100 percent effort to end terrorism, then we can have peace. Each side has to take steps. If terror continues, there will not be an independent Palestinian state. Israel will not accept it, if terror continues.
We do not build new Jewish communities in Samaria, Judea and Gaza. The United States has never accepted our building of communities or of the fence. Yet, I've managed to develop relations between Israel and the United States even though President Bush never supported settlements.
One must remember that the Jews have one, tiny country, the only place they have the right and capability to defend themselves by themselves. And it is our duty and my responsibility to see that we will never compromise about that.
I don't think I have accomplished what I still have to accomplish. There is one thing that I would like to do, and that's to bring security and peace to the Jewish people.
As one who participated in all the wars of the state of Israel, I saw the horror of wars. I saw the fear of wars. I saw my best friends being killed in battles. I was seriously injured twice.
I would like to be on the farm. To ride the horses. To watch the cattle, and the plantations, and the beautiful vegetables that my sons are growing there. I would like it. I am one of those who do not have to worry about what I am doing later. I love the fields.
My strength never came from political echelons, it came from the family. And from the fields and the lands and the flowers and everything I see there. My strength came from there.
Close to 80 percent of all terrorist activity in Samaria was directed and financed either by Hizbullah or the Iranians. Iran continues to increase its involvement in terror attacks inside Israel, particularly through a small but radical minority of Israeli Arabs which Iran supports and directs.
Israel is a society governed by the rule of law.
I believe that Israel is much stronger than many of its leaders.
I am working on the assumption that in the future there will be no Jews in Gaza.
We have learned a long time ago that one cannot compromise with terrorists.
Arafat conducts terror; his strategy is the strategy of terror.
There is a famous saying: 'It's hard to be a Jew.' It's also hard to be a Palestinian. I know that.
The Palestinians have arrived at the conclusion that nothing can be achieved using terror.
It is in Israel's interest not to govern the Palestinians but for the Palestinians to govern themselves in their own state.
The Palestinians should have understood by now that what they haven't gotten today they won't be given tomorrow.
Arabs have the right to visit everywhere in the Land of Israel, and Jews have the right to visit every place in the Land of Israel.
Countries such as Iraq, Iran, Libya and Syria, which support terrorist organizations and use terror to achieve their objectives, are precisely the same countries working tirelessly to acquire weapons of mass destruction. This combination creates a new dimension to the threat on our way of life in the 21st century.
Israel, an embattled democracy, has been fighting terrorism for over 100 years.
In times of peace, just as today in our fight against terror, the United States and Israel stand together.
We have built cities, developed industry and cultivated agriculture - we have transformed the State of Israel into an example and symbol for many other countries in the world.
Israel does not start wars.
Arafat is the greatest obstacle to peace and stability in the Middle East.
In all of my possessions, in all moments, whether hard or happy, I was accompanied by my dear wife, Lilly, who supported me wholeheartedly.
There is a deep-felt desire among the people to stand firmly together in dealing with the challenges of the future.
I have absolute faith in the correctness of my course.
Abu Mazen understands that it is impossible to vanquish Israel by means of terrorism.
One has to view things realistically.
I was born in the Land of Israel, the son of pioneers - people who tilled the land and sought no fights - who did not come to Israel to dispossess its residents.
My first love was, and remains, manual labor; sowing and harvesting, the pastures, the flock, and the cattle.
The right of the Jewish people to the Land of Israel does not mean disregarding the rights of others in the land.
The Jewish people remember the dramatic vote in the U.N. Assembly on November 29, 1947, when representatives of the nations recognized our right to national revival in our historic homeland.
The State of Israel is not collapsing and will not collapse.
Israel's security policy is determined by our needs. I strongly reject all the unfounded publicity suggesting that Israel is prevented from taking action because of international pressure.
I think that Hezbollah, no doubt that they work together with the Syrians.
I do know that Syria never will recognize Lebanon as an independent country, and the declaration of independence of Lebanon took place in 1943. Syria never - Syria never have recognized Lebanon. They regard Lebanon as part of Syria.
Israel doesn't have to hide anything.
Israel is the only democracy in this part of the world.
My grandfather was facing this terror, my parents, myself.
One cannot negotiate under fire.
We have to remember that Arafat was the one that started with hijacking airplanes already in 1968.
Arafat is hosting, training, supporting, sponsoring terrorist organizations.
The United States cannot live with terror.
Hamas is a terror organization with a covenant that speaks about the elimination of the Jewish people and the State of Israel. They are not partners for negotiations.
Terrorists are trained in Syria, and weapons come from Iran and Syria, and I believe that's something that should be stopped.
I don't see any situation where Israel will not be sitting on the Golan Heights.
I don't hate anyone.
I wouldn't go so far to say that destiny preserves me. I managed to survive and to succeed.
I believe that the Jewish state will exist forever.
It's very, very clear that you cannot move to the next phase unless the former one has been fully accomplished.
I've been under security protection since 1978.
What would happen in the U.S. to terrorists who are not citizens? In less than 24 hours, they would be rounded up, taken to the airport and expelled.
Jordan is Palestine. The capital of Palestine is Amman. If Palestinian Arabs want to find their political expression, they will have to do it in Amman.
I never had a political power base.
If there is something that I respect about the Arabs, it's the fact that they never change their position.
One generation after another is drifting away from anything Jewish.
I believe Prime Minister Blair is a friend, and a friend of Israel.
Abu Mazen is not a member of the Zionist movement. He is a Palestinian.
Israel is the only country in the world that is ready to make compromises - even though it did not lose any wars.
As one who has been in hard situations, I believe that I know how to deal with complicated and hard situations.
Syria is hosting the most dangerous terrorist organizations.
I'm an optimist.
Israel is an independent country with a large army, and it has the ability to do what it thinks is right.
It was a grave mistake to dismantle the Jewish communities in Sinai.
Every leaving of a Jewish community is a most difficult thing.
The great question of our day is whether we, the Jewish people of Israel, can find within us the will to survive as a nation.
You cannot like the word, but what is happening is an occupation - to hold 3.5 million Palestinians under occupation. I believe that is a terrible thing for Israel and for the Palestinians.
Political life is like a big wheel: constantly turning. At times you are up, at times down. But always, the wheel keeps moving.
I prefer to stay with Likud. I think I have to be in the party I managed to build.
No one wants to be beaten, even myself.
The problem is that Abu Mazen signed an agreement with the Hamas and the Islamic Jihad.
Every Jew has the right to ascend onto the Temple Mount.
David Ben-Gurion understood that the public's trust is given to a leader in order to lead, determine clear goals and make difficult decisions. The fate of the people and the good of the state guided him, not polls, media treatment or measures of prestige.
I have always maintained that the only group I belong to consists of my family, my wife Lily, my mother, my sons Omri and Gilad.
I believe orders should be obeyed, but sometimes you have to think about the orders you get.
My opinions are aggressive, I admit that. But not my personality. I'm sociable.
I established the Likud to serve a national idea and provide hope to the people of Israel, but it unfortunately can no longer do that.
Even the sheep are afraid of me.
You don't have to be a scared person. I've had so many tragedies. I've managed to withstand things that you may think you cannot tolerate. But I have the strength.
I like animals.
