Leader
It makes my heart sick when I remember all the good words and the broken promises.
The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it.
Hear me, my chiefs! I am tired. My heart is sick and sad. From where the sun now stands, I will fight no more forever.
It does not require many words to speak the truth.
Let me be a free man - free to travel, free to stop, free to work.
When my young men began the killing, my heart was hurt.
I hope that no more groans of wounded men and women will ever go to the ear of the Great Spirit Chief above, and that all people may be one people.
I want the white people to understand my people.
I believe much trouble would be saved if we opened our hearts more.
It required a strong heart to stand up against such talk, but I urged my people to be quiet and not to begin a war.
I am tired of talk that comes to nothing.
I will speak with a straight tongue.
We had good white friends who advised us against taking the war path. My friend and brother, Mr. Chapman, told us just how the war would end.
Good words will not give me back my children.
My father... had sharper eyes than the rest of our people.
The first white men of your people who came to our country were named Lewis and Clark. They brought many things that our people had never seen. They talked straight. These men were very kind.
All men were made by the Great Spirit Chief. They are all brothers.
I cannot tell how much my heart suffered for my people while at Leavenworth.
Treat all men alike. Give them the same law. Give them an even chance to live and grow.
We gave up some of our country to the white men, thinking that then we could have peace. We were mistaken. The white man would not let us alone.
An Indian respects a brave man, but he despises a coward.
I pressed my father's hand and told him I would protect his grave with my life. My father smiled and passed away to the spirit land.
We did not know there were other people besides the Indian until about one hundred winters ago, when some men with white faces came to our country.
I said in my heart that, rather than have war, I would give up my country.
The Indian race are waiting and praying.
I only ask of the government to be treated as all other men are treated.
I saw that the war could not be prevented. The time had passed.
I would have given my own life if I could have undone the killing of white men by my people.
When an Indian fights, he only shoots to kill.
From where the sun now stands I will fight no more.
You might as well expect rivers to run backwards as any man born free to be contented penned up.
