Leader
The days are gone forever when our enemies could blackmail us with nuclear bombs.
Patriotism is not an abstract concept. It begins from one's own home. It buds out from the love for one's parents, spouses and children, the love for one's own home, village and workplace, and further develops into the love for one's country and fellow people.
There can be neither today without yesterday nor tomorrow without today.
Our republic is a responsible nuclear state that, as we made clear before, will not use nuclear weapons first unless aggressive hostile forces use nuclear weapons to invade on our sovereignty.
For our country and people, October 10 is a meaningful revolutionary holiday when they celebrate the birth anniversary of the genuine vanguard of the revolution, its militant General Staff, which has taken responsibility for their destiny and leads them.
Our cause is just, and the might of Korea that is united with truth is infinite.
Socialism is a sacred cause for realizing the demand and desire of the masses of the people for independence; it is a revolutionary cause that advances amid a fierce struggle against imperialism and all other counterrevolutionary forces.
There is no force in the world that can block the powerful march of our army and people, who are holding high the banner of the suns of great Comrade Kim Il Sung and great Comrade Kim Jong Il and continuing to advance under the leadership of the party and with strong faith in sure victory.
Construction is an important front for solidifying the foundations of a thriving country and creating bases for the people's happy life.
The people's army should always maintain a highly agitated state and be equipped with full fighting readiness so as to smash the enemies with a single stroke if they make the slightest move and achieve the historic cause of the fatherland's reunification.
When young people are powerful, our Party and People's Army are powerful, and there is nothing for us to be afraid of.
The new year 2015 will be a year of great significance, in which we will mark the 70th anniversaries of national liberation and founding of the Workers' Party of Korea.
The military might of a country represents its national strength. Only when it builds up its military might in every way can it develop into a thriving country.
It is important to launch a mass and society-wide struggle to drastically increase the production of consumer goods.
We should raise fierce flames of innovations in the vanguard sectors, basic industrial sectors, and all other sectors of the national economy.
Sports play a very important role in consolidating the national strength, adding lustre to the country's prestige and honour, inspiring people with national dignity and pride, and imbuing the whole society with revolutionary mettle.
We should educate all Party members and other working people to become genuine patriots who first love their parents, spouses and children and further sincerely shed sweat and dedicate their all to spruce up their homes, villages and workplaces so that they are better than others' and add lustre to their country, their motherland.
Forests are precious resources of the country and a wealth to be handed down to posterity.
All Party members, service personnel, and other people should turn out as one with ardent loyalty to the Party and extraordinary patriotic zeal, and demonstrate the spirit and mettle of Korea that is rushing forward towards final victory racing against time.
Our Party maintains the improvement of the people's living conditions as the most important of the numerous state affairs.
Nothing will be beyond our reach when we make the flames of creating positive deeds flare up across the country with the virtues of the young vanguard as the initial spark and bring into full play the mounting vigour of the millions of young people.
Past records of inter-Korean relations show that confrontation between fellow countrymen leads to nothing but war.
We should improve economic guidance and management as demanded by the developing reality.
The political and military position of socialism should be further cemented so that it can be an impregnable fortress.
Those who do not cherish affection for their parents, spouses and children and for their homes, villages and workplaces cannot love their country and fellow people; they can never become genuine patriots.
To apply Kim Jong Il's patriotism means to thoroughly materialize the General's intentions and desires for the prosperity of the country and the happiness of all generations to come and to carry on all work for achieving the prosperity of the country in the way he did.
Developing the locally-run industry is very important in increasing the production of consumer goods.
The single-hearted unity is the lifeblood of Juche Korea and the dynamic force for a leap forward, and we must invariably follow the road of self-reliance and self-development - this is the invaluable truth of the Juche revolution confirmed by our army's and people's gigantic struggle in 2016.
The year 2015 was a year of gigantic struggle, which is adorned with meaningful events and eye-opening successes, a year of victory and glory, in which socialist Korea fully demonstrated its prestige and might.
It is a proud tradition and fighting trait of our army and people to rise up like mountains and go through fire and water to unfailingly carry through the party's orders and instructions.
The industrial revolution in the new century is, in essence, a scientific and technological revolution, and breaking through the cutting edge is a shortcut to the building of an economic giant.
We should make innovations in coal-mining and metallurgical industries in particular so as to revitalize the overall economy of the country.
All sectors of the national economy should make scrupulous arrangements for economic planning and guidance to boost production by tapping every possible reserve and potentiality, and work out in a scientific way the immediate plans and long-term strategies for stage-by-stage development and push ahead with them in a persistent manner.
Songun is a proud tradition of the Korean revolution which was pioneered by Comrade Kim Il Sung and led by him and Comrade Kim Jong Il and the banner of victory and glory.
Comrade Kim Jong Il energetically led the work of defending and honouring Comrade Kim Il Sung's ideas of and exploits in the Juche-oriented women's movement.
We must well grow the valuable seeds, which the great Comrade Kim Jong Il sowed to build an economically powerful state and improve the people's livelihood, and lead them to bloom as a glorious reality.
Our party and the Republic's government will go hand in hand with anyone who truly desires the country's reunification and the nation's peaceful prosperity and will make responsible and patient efforts to accomplish the historic cause of the fatherland's reunification.
All sectors and all units of the national economy should launch a vigorous general offensive to boost production in hearty response to the Party's militant slogan.
It is our Party's unshakeable stand to prevent a new war from breaking out on the Korean peninsula and accelerate economic construction in a peaceful environment, thus resolving at an early date the problems related with the people's livelihood.
Comrade Kim Jong Il, who was faithful to Comrade Kim Il Sung's ideas and cause, led our revolution along the glorious road of victory, braving the severe trials and adversities of history by dint of his unique leadership of the Songun revolution.
The idea of the Songun revolution is an idea of giving importance and precedence to military affairs in implementing the masses' cause of independence, the socialist cause, and pushing ahead with the overall revolution and construction with the revolutionary army as the core force.
Our Party's policies of respecting the people and loving them and the people's hearty loyalty of trusting and following the Party as they would do their mothers have become integrated, and thus the blood-sealed ties between them have reached a new, higher stage.
The ideological and cultural revolutions have been promoted successfully in the countryside with the result that the ideological and spiritual qualities of our agricultural working people have been transformed remarkably, and a great development has also been achieved in the realm of cultural life in the countryside.
The historic sea changes that have taken place in our country's rural areas are clear proof of the validity and vitality of the socialist rural theses advanced by President Kim Il Sung.
The agricultural working people should be imbued with a thoroughgoing faith in socialism and steadfast anti-imperialist and class consciousness so that they can regard our style of socialism as their life and soul, love it ardently, and fight staunchly against the imperialists' moves for ideological and cultural infiltration.
Thanks to the great Juche idea and Songun politics of the Workers' Party of Korea and the devoted struggle of our service personnel and other people who are unfailingly loyal to the Party, proud victories have been achieved in socialist construction and lasting foundations for accomplishing the cause of the Juche revolution have been laid.
Comrade Kim Jong Il, by continuing the march of Songun without interruption and with absolute trust in our service personnel and other people who were faithful to the Party's cause, led the socialist cause of Juche along the road of victory.
The history of our Party is just the path travelled by our great people: its might is their might, its greatness is their greatness, and its victory is the victory achieved by them.
The cause of the WPK is a sacred historic cause for fully realizing the independence of the masses of the people, the cause of the Juche revolution.
Amid the historic struggle to accomplish the cause of the Juche revolution in this long period after its founding, it has developed into a revolutionary party of Juche, into the great party of Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il, and wonderfully performed its role as the organization that guides our people to all victories.
A revolutionary party is, in its essence, the party of its leader that carries out his ideology and cause, and the main thing in its building is to ensure the unitary character and inheritance of his ideology and leadership.
The proud decades of victorious advance of the Juche-oriented youth movement are associated with the invaluable blood and sweat and heroic exploits of the young people who fought self-sacrificingly for the Party, the leader, the country, and the people.
Students at Kim Il Sung University are reserve hardcore talents who will become leading officials of the revolution responsible for the important sectors and posts in the building of a powerful socialist country, the backbone in the struggle for the victory of the Juche revolution.
The great leaders called the working class first whenever difficult and gigantic tasks arose for the revolution, and ushered in fresh heydays of the revolution by relying on them.
The GFTUK is a powerful political instrument for training its members, including the working class, into Kimilsungists-Kimjongilists with unfailing loyalty to the Party and the leader and mobilizing them to implement the revolutionary cause of Juche.
Our women's union members and other women are really excellent and praiseworthy.
The UAWK is a mass-based political organization of our socialist agricultural workers which was founded and has developed under the wise guidance of the great leaders, and a reliable transmission belt and peripheral organization of the Party.
The great Comrade Kim Jong Il provided energetic guidance to defend and honour Comrade Kim Il Sung's idea of and exploits in socialist rural construction and make UAWK organizations creditably perform their duties as organizations for ideological education.
Agricultural workers, together with the working class, constitute the main force in building a powerful socialist country, and the agricultural front is now a major thrust area in building the country into a socialist economic giant.
The year 2016 was a year of revolutionary event, a year of great change, worthy of note in the history of our Party and country.
We should steadily intensify the work of establishing the Party's monolithic leadership system to make the whole Party share ideology with the Party Central Committee, breathe the same breath as it, and keep pace with it.
All Party organizations should maintain implementing the Party's lines and policies as the major line of Party work, and carry every one of them to completion unconditionally.
We should ensure that the people-first principle runs through the whole of Party work as appropriate for its nature as a motherly party to make the climate of respecting, loving and depending on them pervade it and Party work focus on improving their living standards.
The entire Party, the whole army, and all the people should conduct a vigorous forest restoration campaign to make the mountains of the country thick with forests.
The great Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il, putting forward the development of sports as a matter that has an important bearing on the prosperity of the country and nation, indicated the road ahead of the Juche-based sports and wrote a new chapter in the history of building a sports power by dint of outstanding ideas and leadership.
In order to develop the country's sports in line with the great leaders' ideas and plan of developing Juche-based sports, our Party directs great efforts to the work of the sports sector.
Building a sports power is a patriotic undertaking aimed at translating into reality the plan and wish of the great leaders, who devoted their efforts to building ours into a country that prospers and grows stronger on the strength of sports.
The proud road travelled by Chongryon bears the imprints of the wise guidance and painstaking efforts of the great leaders, who strengthened and developed Chongryon into a Juche-based overseas compatriots' body that represents the rights and interests of all the Koreans resident in Japan.
The great Comrade Kim Jong Il was an outstanding leader who, true to the President's great idea, developed Chongryon into a pacesetter of patriotism, into a model of patriotic loyalty to the motherland, and into a prototype body of overseas compatriots.
Chongryon should do all of its undertakings thoroughly as intended and wished by the great leaders, and usher in a new heyday of the movement of Koreans in Japan true to the General's instructions.
All the organizations and officials of Chongryon, regarding this unity as the great foundation of the movement of Koreans in Japan, should rally themselves around the central leadership with one mind and purpose, and accomplish its patriotic cause, which was pioneered with comradely unity, by dint of comradeship.
I am satisfied that our Party and youth league officials are devoting efforts to tending the garden of virtues with all sincerity true to the Party's idea of attaching importance to young people, and highly appreciate them with a warm heart.
Less than two years after its founding, our Republic inflicted an ignominious defeat on the United States that had been boasting of being the 'strongest' in the world, thus defending its national sovereignty and global peace and security.
No force can conquer the service personnel and people who, in support of their great leader, have turned out in the struggle to defend their country with confidence in the validity of their cause and their own strength - this is a law and a truth taught by history.
It is the unshakeable determination and will of our Party to put forward young people in the vanguard of the ranks of the general onward march as masters of the times and help them put up the doorplate of a thriving country before anybody else.
