American,Leader
A draft doesn't produce the people we need to satisfy our real manpower shortage. We need specialists to keep our jets flying.
When it comes to college education, American families are paying more and getting less.
The Pledge of Allegiance says, 'liberty and justice for all'.
I have a brain and a uterus and I use both.
Spine transplants are what we really need to take Reagan on.
When men talk about defense, they always claim to be protecting women and children, but they never ask the women and children what they think.
When people ask me why I am running as a woman, I always answer, 'What choice do I have?'
Nobody ever says to men, how can you be a Congressman and a father.
If the search engines don't respect the creators, there won't be anything to search in the future because creators have to make a living too.
Many women have more power than they recognize, and they're very hesitant to use it, for they fear they won't be loved.
The mood of the 80s - Get what you can, can what you get, and sit on the can.
Traditional copyright has been that you can't make a full copy of somebody's work without their permission.
You measure a government by how few people need help.
One of the problems in the Navy is that tradition of being captain of the ship. And an awful lot of people can be retired in the Navy, get over it, get a life, and go on. But there's a lot who can't. And when they have to give up the ship, they got to be captain of something, every single day.
We're going through the Olympics. We're watching women working as teams. We're watching men working as teams. We're watching all working as teams. We're proud of men and women getting medals. That's how the Navy should be working.
The Navy runs their process. The House of Representatives doesn't do anything about their process. We do not select. Navy officers select.
My entire history with the Navy have been trying to get the Navy to focus on families and child care and all the things that they were way behind in - housing, all of those things.
The only study that the federal government has engaged in with a vengeance is in trying to see if they can make women fertile after menopause.
It's outrageous that many enlisted people qualify for food stamps because military salaries are so low.
Registration is a World War II response, and we need a 1980 solution.
Lobbying is a legitimate profession... Many congressional spouses act as lobbyists.
I learned a lot about America and a lot about Pat Schroeder, and that's why I will not be a candidate for President.
I could not find any way that we could really run the kind of campaign I wanted to run if we were targeting delegates and still trying to talk to people, which is what keeps me going as a human being.
