English,Leader
A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably.
The jealous are troublesome to others, but a torment to themselves.
Patience and Diligence, like faith, remove mountains.
Right is right, even if everyone is against it, and wrong is wrong, even if everyone is for it.
Justice is the insurance which we have on our lives and property. Obedience is the premium which we pay for it.
Humility and knowledge in poor clothes excel pride and ignorance in costly attire.
Avoid popularity; it has many snares, and no real benefit.
Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
Speak properly, and in as few words as you can, but always plainly; for the end of speech is not ostentation, but to be understood.
It would be far better to be of no church than to be bitter of any.
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.
For death is no more than a turning of us over from time to eternity.
True silence is the rest of the mind, and is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
Men must be governed by God or they will be ruled by tyrants.
Love grows. Lust wastes by Enjoyment, and the Reason is, that one springs from an Union of Souls, and the other from an Union of Sense.
Passion is the mob of the man, that commits a riot upon his reason.
Knowledge is the treasure of a wise man.
They have a right to censure that have a heart to help.
Force may subdue, but love gains, and he that forgives first wins the laurel.
Passion is a sort of fever in the mind, which ever leaves us weaker than it found us.
True godliness does not turn men out of the world, but enables them to live better in it and excites their endeavors to mend it.
Sense shines with a double luster when it is set in humility. An able yet humble man is a jewel worth a kingdom.
Force may make hypocrites, but it can never make converts.
A good End cannot sanctify evil Means; nor must we ever do Evil, that Good may come of it.
In marriage do thou be wise: prefer the person before money, virtue before beauty, the mind before the body; then thou hast a wife, a friend, a companion, a second self.
He who is taught to live upon little owes more to his father's wisdom than he who has a great deal left him does to his father's care.
