English,Politician
In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves.
Love thou the rose, yet leave it on its stem.
Be it jewel or toy, not the prize gives the joy, but the striving to win the prize.
A good heart is better than all the heads in the world.
A fool flatters himself, a wise man flatters the fool.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
One of the surest evidences of friendship that one individual can display to another is telling him gently of a fault. If any other can excel it, it is listening to such a disclosure with gratitude, and amending the error.
Talent does what it can; genius does what it must.
I cannot love as I have loved, And yet I know not why; It is the one great woe of life To feel all feeling die.
Anger ventilated often hurries towards forgiveness; anger concealed often hardens into revenge.
The best teacher is the one who suggests rather than dogmatizes, and inspires his listener with the wish to teach himself.
The true spirit of conversation consists in building on another man's observation, not overturning it.
Art and science have their meeting point in method.
There is no such thing as luck. It's a fancy name for being always at our duty, and so sure to be ready when good time comes.
If thou be industrious to procure wealth, be generous in the disposal of it. Man never is so happy as when he giveth happiness unto another.
Master books, but do not let them master you. Read to live, not live to read.
Chance happens to all, but to turn chance to account is the gift of few.
Whatever the number of a man's friends, there will be times in his life when he has one too few; but if he has only one enemy, he is lucky indeed if he has not one too many.
Happiness and virtue rest upon each other; the best are not only the happiest, but the happiest are usually the best.
If you wish to be loved, show more of your faults than your virtues.
In science, read, by preference, the newest works; in literature, the oldest. The classic literature is always modern.
Truth makes on the ocean of nature no one track of light; every eye, looking on, finds its own.
Dream manfully and nobly, and thy dreams shall be prophets.
Genius does what it must, and talent does what it can.
Beneath the rule of men entirely great, the pen is mightier than the sword.
The easiest person to deceive is one's self.
