Israeli,Politician
We need to flatten entire neighborhoods in Gaza. Flatten all of Gaza. The Americans didn't stop with Hiroshima - the Japanese weren't surrendering fast enough, so they hit Nagasaki, too. There should be no electricity in Gaza, no gasoline or moving vehicles, nothing.
Israelis are displaying buds of xenophobia.
I don't want, under any circumstances, to see in 'Haaretz' a picture of a woman with a baby in her arms crying while policemen deport her.
Gays and lesbians are sick people. It's definitely a disease. They haven't invented a cure for it yet, but I hope they will.
The Land of Israel needs to build and be built, period.
Admitting hundreds of thousands of infiltrators is an existential threat to the State of Israel.
Let's set things straight... there are 300 million people living in countries within the Nile basin in horrific economic and security conditions. The $500 that they earn in Israel every month is an annual salary in their countries of origin.
I'm not the Eritrean welfare minister and not the Sudanese labor minister.
Democracies take time.
This stereotype that haredim don't serve in the army and contribute is false and always was.
The true and correct solution to eradicating discrimination is by establishing religious Sepharadi educational institutions. This is one of the reasons Shas was founded.
A convert, if he converts through the Orthodox, he has the Jewish gene. If he doesn't convert through the Orthodox, he doesn't have the Jewish gene. As simple as that.
We are losing the Jewish people in the Diaspora.
If you want to be Jewish, welcome, but convert via the Halacha.
Empires came and went while we, the Jewish people, persecuted relentlessly, facing expulsions and pogroms and the Holocaust, survived. We survived thanks to the Torah and faith in the Lord.
One cannot forsake the security of Israelis.
A law is a law, and it has to be respected.
Construction in Jerusalem cannot be halted.
Syria is still the foundation of the axis of evil, and I'm not sure it's appropriate to transfer Israel's northern front to the axis of evil.
We have to protect and do our utmost to fortify the walls of Judaism in the land of Israel through legislation that will guard the unique Jewish character of the state of Israel.
If it was up to me, I would send the gay community, who insisted on celebrating in Jerusalem, to Sodom and Gomorrah.
Destroy and damage infrastructure, public buildings and government buildings. Do not leave them any place from which they can operate to damage Israel. We must be sure that Hamas will be spending many years in rebuilding Gaza and not in attacking Israel.
I support peace.
Put an end to talk on dividing Jerusalem. There can be no negotiations about Jerusalem.
It is inconceivable that ministers of the Israeli government choose a car whose features are unnecessary luxuries in addition to being produced in Germany.
Israel is the only democratic country in the Middle East.
