American,Politician
There is more power in unity than division.
Hope fills the holes of my frustration in my heart.
Hope is the motivation that empowers the unemployed, enabling them to get out of bed every single morning with unbounded enthusiasm as they look for work.
Let's do more than say the 'Pledge of Allegiance.' Let us live it!
God did not burden the United States with a diversity of backgrounds, ideas and religions, He blessed America with them.
Social Security is a covenant that should not be broken.
The truth of the matter is the tone is toxic here in Washington, and we have been exporting it around the country.
One thing I've learned - and I've said this to Republicans and Democrats - is, bees cannot sting and make honey at the same time. They have to make a choice. Either they are going to be a stinger or a honey-maker, and I contend that honey is a symbol of legislation and, the nuclear language used by members is the stinger, and you can't do both.
There are people walking around the streets of Kansas City who are unemployed, while one of our largest employers is not only sending jobs aboard, but then turning around and making a statement about preserving jobs.
We've gotten to the point now where Republicans and Democrats have nothing in common besides being members of the 'caustic caucus,' and we can't get anything done.
I have family in Tanzania. I can't even explain the joy of riding through the Tanzania national park and seeing giraffes run across the road and elephants over in a pond and baboons running.
First of all, do I think there's some racists in the Tea Party? Yeah. I'm an ordained United Methodist pastor; there's some racists in the Methodist church. I don't know if there's a body that does not have some racists in it.
America, I am a strong believer that how we treat each other matters.
We can be fervent in our disagreements without being factitious with our beliefs.
Congress is unable to do the work of the American people because too many politicians believe that compromise means capitulation.
We may be a nation of Democrats, Independents, and Republicans, but first and foremost we are all human beings and Americans.
Community colleges need to be upgraded. We got to have training for real jobs. We've got a lot of jobs that are going unfilled because we don't have the technology in the heads of graduating college students to deal with them.
We have Democrats saying dumb things every single day, and Republicans as well.
You would think that if any group in America had 20% to 25% unemployment, it would generate all kinds of attention. The Labor Department would understandably and necessarily begin to concentrate on what can we do to reduce this level of unemployment. Congress would give great time on the floor for debate on what can be done.
