Politician
'No one can make you successful; the will to success comes from within.' I've made this my motto. I've internalized it to the point of understanding that the success of my actions and/or endeavors doesn't depend on anyone else, and that includes a possible failure.
The American Dream is that any man or woman, despite of his or her background, can change their circumstances and rise as high as they are willing to work.
Raising the minimum wage represents a substantial financial burden for employers, particularly start-ups, early stage companies, and family-owned businesses. In response, business owners would be forced to either lay off workers or raise prices to offset the rise in labor costs.
Many people dream about being an entrepreneur, starting their own business, working for themselves, and living the good life. Very few, however, will actually take the plunge and put everything they've got into being their own boss.
Business is all about the customer: what the customer wants and what they get. Generally, every customer wants a product or service that solves their problem, worth their money, and is delivered with amazing customer service.
It is surprising how little most small business values the customers. A positive feedback from the customer is critical to your business, and what's more important is their referral.
The business side of real estate investing is fraught with risk. Unlike purchasing mutual funds or savings bonds, with real estate, you can lose money; this is one of the reasons that seasoned real estate investors caution neophytes never to get too emotional about a property and always be willing to walk away.
The day you decide to pursue your dreams, don't forget that this is a game you don't enter to compete, but to win. And there will always be someone booing you in the stands, and everything you accomplish could be jeered and hissed at. This is a game between two that you have to win for the people who came to watch you be triumphant.
Launching a successful product or startup has little to do with luck. Any business that gains traction on the market is the result of very careful strategizing and market analysis, not to mention the development of an original product or service.
Mr. Trump, Americans can't afford, and don't want, to worry about the latest lawsuit filed against their president. And you're not immune from these suits once you enter the Oval Office. Anything you've done before taking office is fair game.
The truth is that for a Democrat to triumph in a presidential election, it needs to come on the heels of 'the dark times' of an unpopular Republican administration. Carter followed the Nixon era, Clinton succeeded after 12 years of Reagan/Bush, and Obama was a direct result of eight years of Bush/Cheney.
Many people think that being a graphic designer means going to an expensive art school and buying expensive software that will cost you thousands of dollars. This is so far from the truth. There are hundreds of online education centers that offer top-notch graphic design training.
The 'Fake News Alert' Chrome extension, created by 'New York Magazine' journalist Brian Feldman, identifies hoax news articles. However, cutting out fake news source entirely from operating is easier said than done, since anyone with internet access can create fake news.
Trump is more conservative on individual rights, domestic issues, economic issues and defense. On the other hand, Clinton is quite liberal and wishes to open the borders for more trades and more immigrants.
When you are just starting out with an online business, there's a good chance that you'll be making several mistakes. Because of the mistakes that can be made with starting an online business, many people decide to quit or think that online businesses are just a scam.
A fascinating reaction of the human brain when we fail to meet a goal is that it tells us to throw caution to the wind and make things even worse, which ultimately leads to us giving up.
Fake news is a big thing in the field of Social Media Journalism. Fake news can be as simple has spreading misinformation.or as dangerous as smearing hateful propaganda.
Historically, there hasn't been a significant correlation between gold prices and U.S. elections. Furthermore, history has shown that gold prices tend to fall just before U.S. elections and rise immediately after, and this goes on until the next election.
While the public school rewards failure by throwing more government money at failing school systems, the voucher system does the opposite.
Beware of politicians who tell you they'll do all these wonderful things for you for only a small tax increase. Those tax increases are never as small as you might imagine, and the benefits are always smaller than promised and/or imagined.
Real estate investing is unique in that it's almost as much a career or a way of life as it is a form of investing. Indeed, the fact that real estate is involves so much sweat equity makes it unique among other investments.
Immigrants use debt intelligently. They understand the difference between active debt: creating a business, or something to make business better, and dead debt: buying that new sports car or the 60 inch television. Those things don't lead to the good life. They delay getting it.
Brexit was not a coup. Far from it. In the eyes of most analysts, it was a clear sign that people are frustrated and fed up with the status quo; this is particularly the case with independent voters.
Blogging can generate a great deal of traffic to your online business.
Can you imagine being Leonardo Da Vinci in the 1400s trying to describe his ideas for machines that would allow humans to fly to the average person of his time? This is hundreds of years before the invention of electricity, the internal combustion engine, and many other things we take for granted today.
While the Forbes Council does offer some benefits and opportunities for members, the Council may want to be careful going forward to avoid the many pitfalls that befell Trump University.
Voting third-party in 2016 meant choosing The Green Party's Jill Stein, the Libertarian Party's Gary Johnson, or Independent Candidate Evan McMullion.
Remember, your vote is not a wasted vote. Vote with your heart and think about the future generations the next time you vote.
As a small business owner myself, I talk to so many other business owners who delay seasonal hiring by waiting until the last minute to make their temporary hires.
Holiday hiring is only useful if you get the right people, and the consensus among HR professionals is that the most consistent and efficient means of finding good people is to use word of mouth. Namely, this is because focusing on referrals means that only people who are already within your network will apply.
On Friday, October 28, 2016, the FBI disclosed that they were reopening Clinton's email probe, and the same day, gold hit $1280/oz. Conversely, oil dropped by $1.33 to $45.34 per barrel, while stock prices also took a tumble.
Investing in gold is one of the wisest decisions that you can make as an investor.
In most countries, a lopsided election represents a mandate that the winning party could then use to implement their agenda, but the U.S. political system seems to have been made to prevent such an occurrence.
Sure, if you're a well to do family, you always have the option of sending your children to private schools where teachers spend less time disciplining kids and more time teaching them. However, this option is beyond the reach of most households. And this is what makes school vouchers such a promising solution for lower and middle income families.
Derogatory against women - it seems that Trump is not too keen about having women around him, maybe except for his wife and daughter.
No connection to the average voter - Clinton has an air of superiority. Despite her wide smile and pleasant appearance, she is envisioned as someone who is trying to hide something all the time.
Trump wants to build a wall at the border of Mexico, while Clinton wants to tear down all walls.
Social media has changed our lives forever. Some continue to reject social media, refusing to become one of the sheep, but you just can't avoid it.
A 2014 study commissioned by Facebook and done by Deloitte suggests that Facebook alone contributes almost $150 billion directly to the global economy, and when you add the peripherals, it nears $227 billion.
Microsoft, Disney, Ford, Facebook, and a hundreds and thousands of other companies that affect us daily all began life as baby companies, aka start-ups.
A writers' ring is where a group of four or five authors agree to promote each other's work on their own websites and via their social media outlets such as Facebook and Twitter.
In 1960, John F. Kennedy rode a superior televised debate performance to victory over Richard Nixon.
As a real estate investor, you're ultimately accountable to you and your checkbook. Of course, you will need to stay on top of your local coding regulations and ordinances. But once you get the hang of it, you really shouldn't have any problems with ordinances.
Getting into the residential investment business entails lots of renovation work.
Every entrepreneur knows how agonizingly difficult it is to make the decision to give it your all, knowing that failure is inevitable; the successful ones know that the only way to get back up is through learning from that failure.
There are a whole host of psychological phenomenon humans have developed to protect ourselves from the sting of failure, from holding ourselves less accountable for our failures than we do other people, to letting our fear paralyze us and keep us from even trying.
No matter how frustrated, disappointed and discouraged we may feel in the face of our failures, it's only temporary. And the faster you can stop wallowing in guilt, blame or resentment, the faster you can put it behind you.
By having a blog, you can make yourself very accessible to your target audience. You can leave comments open on your blog so you can learn exactly what your audience likes about what you're doing with your business and about what they think you should change.
By taking the time to learn how to blog properly, you'll be doing your business an incredible favor, as you will be able to drive a lot of business to your website for your blog.
It's an error in judgment to bounce into starting a small business before you cash in on building a strong foundation.
There is enough of free-of-charge software available on the Net to ease building internet websites and contact pages, as well as implement email marketing campaigns.
Before you start a business, careful planning is in order to obtain to where you ought to be. The biggest part is to ensure that, once you might have created your own plan, that you simply take motion. Without motion, you are unable to succeed.
The truth is, there are many types of businesses that require thousands of dollars to be invested during the startup period. However, there are also many different types of business models that you can run from the comfort of your own home without having to reach too deep into your wallet.
The best part of owning a blog is the fact that you are in control. You can write about anything you want to write about. You can decide how your blog looks. You can decide who to target. You can decide how to monetize the blog. You have full control!
Stock photos are used everywhere on the Net. Chances are, the website you are on right now uses stock photos somewhere - maybe as the featured image of the blog post. This also means that there will always be a large market for stock photographers.
Many people decide to jump from niche to niche, as they cannot find success immediately with the niche that they have chosen for their online business.
When you are starting to run an online business, you need to narrow down a niche market and be able to stick with it until you have a good profit coming in. This can take a while, so you need to have a great deal of patience to make sure that your business is moving in the right direction.
It is incredibly important to set goals for your business, as if you have no direction for your business, your online business will be a failure.
Carrie Underwood was just a small-town Oklahoma girl with big dreams in 2005 when she competed on the fourth season of 'American Idol.' She is one of the few true 'American Idol' success stories and went on to have incredible career success.
Together, the Jenner sisters have left their mark on the jewelry and fashion accessories industry, first with The Kendall & Kylie Collection at PacSun in 2012, the Metal Haven jewelry collection in 2013, and a line of shoes and handbags for Steve Madden in 2014.
Lauren Conrad has been described as one of the first people to significantly benefit from the popularity of reality TV.
Cash flow is a problem for a small and developing company, and the lack of it is the reason why many small businesses fail. Ensure that you have enough money in your bank account to make you able to carry out daily basic needs for your business.
The first aspect of a business that you need to make it work well is money. Once the money aspect is flowing, you can freely work on other aspects.
Almost anything worth doing involves some measure of risk - from learning to ride a bike, moving to a new city, and certainly, starting your own business. The point is that no one has ever started a business or created a new product with a guarantee of success.
The economic costs of starting your own business can be significant; in fact, most new startup companies fail because of undercapitalization.
Being an entrepreneur does, of course, give you greater freedom than someone who is tied to a fixed work schedule, but you'd be mistaken to think that you're going to have it easier than your 9-5 counterparts.
Starting a new business will take its toll on your time and energy, and this can place strain on family and social relationships, depending on their expectations and how open you are in your communication with them.
I grew and learned, journeyed and understood, that someone who is afraid of failing won't get anywhere, and someone who dares to do it runs the risk of failure if they don't learn, correct their mistakes, and get back up.
Relying on someone else to be successful only ties you down and limits you.
Anyone who is afraid to lose isn't ready to win.
For an entrepreneur with 'improbable' and 'impossible' dreams, the alleged stability that comes from getting 'a real job' is nothing but a sign of slavery.
