Serbian,Politician
No one has the right to detract the attention of the nation from the defence of the country.
No one can undermine national unity.
Serbia is open for business.
Serbia has become a pariah nation, untouchable like a leper.
I have no private life, as I am constantly under police surveillance.
Serbia stands firmly on the EU path.
As prime minister, I will never make a decision that will be an injustice to Serbia and its citizens.
There has been enough blood in the Balkans. Serbia is offering its hand. Let us turn to the future and not deal with the past.
Serbia is blamed in advance for everything.
I tried to go to Kosovo to establish a statue to commemorate those who died during the wars, and to discuss moving on, so we could move into a new era. But I was banned from there.
I invite you to leverage Serbia because we have talented young professionals who are multilingual, highly educated, and willing to work for competitive wages.
Milosevic did not die in The Hague - he was killed in The Hague. But, he had managed to defend the national and state interests of Serbia and the Serb people, and everybody should be grateful to him for that.
Serbia will neither allow a revision of history, nor will it forget who are the main culprits in World War I.
There can be no unified southeastern Europe without Yugoslavia, and everything else is a continuation of political blackmail with which the Serb people and Yugoslavia were faced all these years.
The Serbian people certainly will never be an obstacle for the Montenegrins to have their own country.
Had someone from Serbia flown a 'Greater Serbia' flag in Tirana or Pristina, it would become an issue for the U.N. Security Council.
An international presence in Serbia's Kosovo province is not a problem. But only a civilian and unarmed mission under U.N. auspices, with Russia's participation, would be acceptable.
If Nord Stream was built in Europe, I see no reason why South Stream cannot be built as well.
Serbia has shown enough patience, but it has also sent a clear and strong message that the law must be respected and that no one is stronger than the state.
For 10 years, Kosovo was taboo. No one could officially tell the truth.
Serbs can only leave Kosovo.
A final and long-lasting solution to the Kosovo issue cannot be achieved without an agreement with Serbia, especially in regard to the U.N.
The time of Milosevic has long passed.
How can a country that is impoverished, humiliated and beaten defend its national interests?
We would like Serbia to become a member of the European Union as quickly as possible.
Discussing economic reforms in Serbia is futile.
