American,Politician
Human trafficking is a modern form of slavery. It is a scourge for humanity, and America must project its values and protect vulnerable persons.
What Trump has done is tap into a deep-seated anxiety about where the country is headed. There is an anxiety that is real and sincere. Many people feel helpless.
We're living in a time where I think most people are wanting someone to invite them respectfully to a policy position, not try to just slash and burn the other person.
Based on my experience, I believe that Ben Sasse has the right policy background, a notable commitment to public service - and, perhaps most importantly, the courage - to help renew our country.
We need to reinstate the idea of federalism.
My degree in theology was an important part of my formation.
Government has a rightful role, but not an excessive role, to play.
The promise of peace seems very far away, but you keep working steadily with good and uplifting attitudes, and that's sometimes tough in the environment we're in.
People need to make their voices heard in an orderly fashion.
That sacred space of conscience where you can exercise your rights in terms of religious freedom and deeply-held, reasonable beliefs is the core of human dignity. In fact, that's the basis for civilization itself. And when you lose that fundamental principle... you have no basis on which to build.
There is a need for a vision that's compelling and uplifting, especially in a time when people are worried. At the same time, in this era, hard work and lofty rhetoric are not going to compel you to the presidency.
My responsibility is to make judgments about hard, complex issues that I believe to be right.
Simply looking at the status quo and suggesting that the tax code is sacrosanct and can never change, and that decisions made in the '80s and '90s can never change, is absurd.
The tax code is weighted toward the ultra-wealthy and ultra-wealthy corporations and has created an offshore aristocracy of people who can afford to hire an army of accountants and lawyers. This shifts the tax burden to small businesses, entrepreneurs, and others.
I used to be on the Lincoln City Council. You learn that there's never enough money for all of the police officers and fire-fighting apparatus you'd like to have.
Respect and a gentlemanly character - those are marks of a Nebraskan.
There's nothing wrong in America that can't be fixed by what's right in America.
Donald Trump has not yet earned my vote. And I'm not simply going to say 'never,' because I do not want to empower Hillary Clinton.
I would like to see Donald Trump lay out specifics on an economic agenda that are realistic, that are small-business focused.
I belong to the political party that generally fits my philosophical beliefs, but I reserve the right to vote my conscience after careful deliberation. My voting record reflects this.
Communities are suffering, children are suffering, and our immigration policy appears in disarray.
You cannot deny reality: that ISIS is systematically attempting to exterminate Christianity, to exterminate the Yazidi community, to exterminate other religious minorities in vast areas in Iraq and Syria.
If one group of people can exterminate another in the name of so-called religion, the world has no hope.
You want stability in the world, you have to start with values.
I'm proud to be able to represent Bellevue and the Offutt and StratCom communities.
By keeping your eye on the ultimate goal, you lean into the mess and try to make the outcome a little better.
From all indications, the Offutt runway replacement is not a matter of 'if.' It is a matter of 'when.'
With the consent of the people, I will seek to continue service in Congress for the well-being of our state and our nation.
No one should have to live in fear.
I don't fund county roads.
We need to stop this overspending. We need to start turning this battleship in the right direction. And we all have to share in the sacrifice.
If it comes out of Congress, I think it has traction in America.
It is my belief there is too much concentration of power and spending in Washington.
I wanted the opportunity to play for Tom Osborne. Here we are in the locker room at half-time, gathering around Coach Osborne. It grows quiet, and I'll never forget what he said. He said, 'Let's get this over with.'
Iraqis must fight for their own country.
I came west for opportunity. I made Lincoln my home.
People can transcend and overcome their differences and be very easily bonded.
The strong arm of government should not force Americans to buy health-care products that they have reasoned objections to.
We want a faithful Catholic businessman not to have to provide a service he finds unethical.
