American,Politician
You pay a price when you have an objective sentencing system. That is, nothing is perfect.
I think we have a high responsibility to base any criticisms that we have on a fair and honest statement of the facts, and that nominees should not be subjected to distortions of their record, taking things they've done out of context.
The basic social contract is that citizens agree to follow the law, pay their taxes, and devote their love and loyalty to their country, and in exchange, the nation commits to preserve and protect and serve their interests, safeguard their freedom, and return to them in kind their first allegiance and loyalty.
Honest people can disagree on policy. But where there can be no honest disagreement is the need to change our nation's debt course.
Donors don't win elections; voters win elections.
I think people are free to marry any way they want to. But churches are free to set standards for marriage.
The elite denizens of Washington and Wall Street scorn and mock the good and decent people of this country for wanting their laws enforced and their communities protected.
The proven method for saving the lives of innocent Americans is not disarming them. The proven method for saving the lives of innocent Americans is to arrest, prosecute, convict and jail criminal offenders, especially armed career criminals illegally using guns. This is the way to reduce gun violence.
The United States has the burden to lead for peace. And not just peace - we need peace with justice, a much harder goal.
The Senate cannot confirm an individual... who would support a scheme that violates our Constitution, eviscerates congressional authority.
I'm often loose with my tongue. I may have said something about the NAACP being un-American or Communist, but I meant no harm by it.
How many thousands of lives would be saved if we enforced our immigration laws, our guns laws, and our drug laws? Public safety is not being held hostage by the 'gun lobby,' but by the open borders lobby and the anti-law enforcement lobby.
After years of mass immigration, falling wages, and surging joblessness, isn't it time we focused on the needs of the people living here today? Isn't it time we got our own people back to work?
Every day, lax sentencing costs lives.
I certainly believe that improving our intelligence is of important national interest.
I will not vote for - and no senator should vote for - anyone who will not render justice impartially.
Congress has the responsibility to ensure that any international trade agreement entered into by the United States must serve the national interest, not merely the interests of those crafting the proposal in secret.
Even moderates, they can see in Trump the potential to have logjams broken and things finally get done. This makes some conservatives and some liberals furious, nervous, and me nervous a little bit, because I'm a pretty pure conservative. So that's a potential of his leadership.
We have a lot of bad leaders around the world that operate in ways we would never tolerate in the United States.
All soldiers who serve their country and put their lives at risk need to know that if something happens to them, their families will be well taken care of. That's the bond we have with our military men and women and their families.
The goal of this Nation, I so strongly believe, is to be a preeminent world power. We have to understand what comes with that: The responsibility to be strong.
Bin Laden, who was in his country, attacked and damaged our Pentagon, and killed our soldiers right out here at the Pentagon. But his pentagon no longer exists. It is rubble.
Marriage has been defined by every legislature that has ever sat in the United States from every State, now 50 States, the same way, but now we have unelected judges altering and changing that fundamental institution.
In retrospect there were failures enough to go around. There were failures before the storm and failures after the storm.
Iraq assumes responsibility for its own future... They have got to step up.
Well, first of all, let's go right to it. We're going to balance the budget. We should live within our own means, and we should read the bills and work with the American people.
I am humbled to have been asked by President-elect Trump to serve as Attorney General of the United States.
My previous 15 years working in the Department of Justice were extraordinarily fulfilling. I love the Department, its people and its mission. I can think of no greater honor than to lead them.
Donald Trump is right. We need to figure out a way to end this cycle of hostility that's putting this country at risk, costing us billions of dollars in defense, and creating hostility that should not exist.
The question is, can we have a more peaceful, effective relationship with Russia, utilizing interests that are similar in a realistic way to make this world a safer place and get off this dangerous hostility with Russia.
Trump has a way of driving a message so people hear it.
You don't have a constitutional right or a moral right to demand entry into any country.
My belief is that the nation-state remains the one entity that can function, the one entity that can demand sacrifice from its constituents in the national interest.
I am not the Jeff Sessions my detractors have tried to create. I am not a racist. I am not insensitive to blacks.
I have supported civil rights activity in my state. I have done my job with integrity, equality, and fairness for all.
I recall saying that civil rights organizations, when they demand more than is legitimate, it hurts their position.
I have never used the word 'boy' to describe a black, nor would I tolerate it in my office.
I enjoy repartee and frequently engage in devil's advocacy. In short, when I talk to friends, I do not guard every word that I say because I think that I know they know that my commitment to equality and justice is real, and they would not twist my words or misinterpret what I am saying to them.
It is clear that IDEA '97 not only undermines the educational process, it also undermines the authority of educators.
Is our national goal to place as many people on welfare, food stamp support, as we can possibly put on that program? Is that our goal? Is that a moral vision for the United States of America, just to see how many people we can place in a situation where they're dependent on the federal government for their food?
Republicans do not believe in identity politics.
