American,Politician
Growing up, I had only one good pair of shoes. So on rainy school days, my mom would slip plastic bread bags over them to keep them dry. But I was never embarrassed. Because the school bus would be filled with rows and rows of young Iowans with bread bags slipped over their feet.
The forces of violence and oppression don't care about the innocent.
There's a lot we can achieve if we work together.
It's not enough to be a woman. You have to care about women's issues. And women's issues here in Iowa are that we have a strong economy. We have jobs that our sons and daughters can go off to someday. We have a great educational system. And women want strong national defense. We want to know that our families are going to be safe.
My parents taught us to live within our means. It's time to force Washington to do the same.
I believe that wholeheartedly - that we have to maintain a strong national defense.
Those that have received care here in Des Moines at the VA center or the VA hospital here have said that they do receive good care. However, it's getting into the system - the wait periods. We have to do something about that. The care here has been good. We're not seeing that in other states.
Let's shut down the EPA.
The state knows best how to protect resources.
Americans have been hurting, but when we demanded solutions, too often Washington responded with the same stale mindset that led to failed policies like Obamacare. It's a mindset that gave us political talking points, not serious solutions.
Republicans think tax filing should be easier for you, not just the well-connected.
You have to be committed to expand rights and opportunities for all women.
You have to be a leader with a vision, and you have to show Iowans that you want it... and not just a woman.
The push for 'Meatless Mondays' in our military is misguided at best and goes against dietary guidelines. Our men and women in uniform should have the option to consume the protein they need, including meat, on a daily basis.
We have to have somebody that will express conservative views, of course, and I'm looking for somebody that is very Reaganesque. Someone that can reach all aspects of our voting population here in America.
When I get to Washington, I'll know how to cut pork. Washington is full of big spenders. Let's make them squeal.
I do believe that we need to lower taxes on our hard working Iowans immediately.
I say scrap the IRS. Let's start all over again.
As a young girl, I plowed the fields of our family farm. I worked construction with my dad. To save for college, I worked the morning biscuit line at Hardees.
It's time to stop spending money we don't have and balance the budget.
Cleaning up the mess in Washington is gonna take a whole lot of Iowa common sense.
We want Iowa to remain red. We have worked so hard to get here. We will not be a purple state: we will be a red state.
I can tell you that the Iowa way - the Iowa way is to find out that there is a problem and acknowledge it and address it head-on.
I grew up in southwest Iowa, on a farm north of Stanton, Iowa, which is a tiny little town, a farming community. I went to Iowa State University and joined Army ROTC while I was there and just have had such a phenomenal life. I am a veteran of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
I am very proud of my service, and by law, I am defined as a combat veteran.
I have never once claimed that I have a Combat Action Badge. I have never claimed that I have a Purple Heart. What I have claimed is that I have served in a combat zone.
