English,Politician
My political beliefs are my moral, quasi-religious framework.
World wide capitalism kills more people everyday then Hitler did. And he was crazy.
I'm never going to take the view that I should say whatever I need to say in order to achieve something. Because that implies a level of dishonesty.
I employed my wife for three years to sit in the attic and type up my autobiography, 700 pages, organise everywhere I go. I'm paying the normal rate of tax on the money I take out for myself.
I do explicitly see Jewish people as a people - not either a religion or an ethnicity but a people.
All the politics of the post-war period was about the clash between the Soviet Union and America, and virtually all issues ended up being subordinated to that. Now, the question is, what is the most a socialist can achieve in a global economy?
The world is run by monsters and you have to deal with them. Some of them run countries, some of them run banks, some of them run news corporations.
I mean I get loads of money, all from different sources. You give it to your accountant. They manage it. But you pay corporation tax. If you're then taking it out and spending it on yourself, you have to pay more.
If I was courting the Muslim vote, I wouldn't have put establishing the partnership ceremony at the forefront of my first term, would I? I go all around London advocating lesbian and gay rights.
Most people are not shocked that I am occasionally rude to journalists. They are probably amazed I don't punch one in the face.
The civil service are risk averse.
Anybody who enjoys being in the House of Commons probably needs psychiatric help.
I Kenneth Robert Livingstone, having been elected to the office of mayor of London, declare that I take that office upon myself, and will duly and faithfully fulfil the duties of it to the best of my judgement and ability.
I undertake that, in the exercise of my functions of that office I will have regard to any guidance with respect to ethical standards issued by the secretary of state under Section 66 of the Greater London Authority Act 1999.
My administration will tackle these issues in consultation with the black communities of London.
If voting changed anything, they'd abolish it.
There needs to be radical development in equality law to create the environment to allow women to stay in work.
I grew up in Lambeth, I went to normal schools and I've grown up in a city where people say what they think.
What do we do about climate change bearing down upon us?
The market is a brilliant system for the exchange of goods and services, but it doesn't protect the environment unless it's regulated, it doesn't train your workforce unless it's regulated, and it doesn't give you the long-term investment you want.
I loathe and detest all this trivialisation of politics.
I liked it when we had ugly politicians who droned on about issues.
When I was leader of the GLC, by the time I had been in control for three years, the difference in pay between the cleaner and the director general was a four-to-one ratio. I find that attractive.
I became a councillor back in 1971, so if by this stage in politics I'm making lots of big mistakes, then I shouldn't be here.
I would like to sound like James Mason. I reckon if I'd had a better voice I could have been prime minister. It is the most irritating voice in public life.
I can only admire people who I have never met and are dead - because you know so much about anyone who is alive.
Most people wouldn't want to marry a politician.
When I'm sifting the compost seed or pruning, I argue over issues in my head; I talk to myself.
Thatcher was prepared to destroy the world rather than give in on something she believed in.
I actually think the civil service, who are the malignancy at the heart of public life, have consciously prevented, talked ministers out of, made it difficult regulatory-wise, to allow more pressure on alternative energy sources to grow.
Most kids don't get to go their parents' wedding.
The press keep asking me, 'What was your biggest mistake?' But if I had made a big mistake, they'd all be writing about it, wouldn't they?
My only regret is the media's obsession with the past.
I am not against Israel, I am against Zionists.
Jewish voters are not one homogenous block.
I could not cherish London and not value Jewish London. The contribution of Jews to London is immense - politically, economically, culturally, intellectually, philanthropically, artistically.
I am a socialist, a believer in rational thought and the rule of law.
Working with the Jewish community is essential to me and what I stand for.
The best way to demonstrate the values of a western democracy is you put Osama bin Laden on trial; you challenge what he says.
Everyone changes all the time.
I spent the 1960s and 1970s seeking myself - the working-class tradition of self-education.
I swim three times a week.
I've always been a workaholic. I reckon, on average, I've had less than one day a year off in my working career.
I do the gardening.
Politics is not a healthy lifestyle.
I grew up in a house with very few books.
I'm an emotional person; I do occasionally shed a tear.
Press TV is one of the few TV channels anywhere in the West that fairly presents the Palestinian case.
I never came into life with any favours or privileges.
I was a weedy kid, not like one of those working-class men who can accommodate not being academically clever by physical strength and prowess.
If you are running a city you must focus on day-to-day problems.
I have opened newspapers and read incredible lies.
I think democracy's undermined when those who own newspapers fill them with trivia rather than real issues.
I would like all newspapers to become workers' co-operatives.
Give me the whole world to run and then I'll be happy. If tomorrow I was told I had to sort out the whole world's problems I'd sleep like a baby.
I have met the people who run the world, and I am not in awe of them.
Global warming could be solved by shifting three to four per cent of global GDP to pay for it.
I have no interest in managing my financial affairs.
You lose power in Britain and you are just Joe Public again.
My main income is from speaking.
I'm more interested in politicians who deal with human rights in their own country rather than lecture the rest of the world.
Short of being prime minister there isn't a better job in British politics than running London.
