Indian,Politician
I know some people say I can be funny. But there is always a deeper meaning to what I say. I am a socialist at heart and have the interests of the poor in mind. When people see how I manage to work my way out of tough situations, it gives them hope in their own life.
My mother always told me not to handle a buffalo by its tail, but always catch it by its horns. And I have used that lesson in everything in my life, including the Railways.
The lower caste people were killed as part of a conspiracy to dismiss my party's government.
I work so much. If I don't get all the comforts, I will turn mad.
We recognised Urdu as the second official language and made it a medium of examination in all Bihar Public Service Commission tests.
In my view, Indian Railways has immense untapped potential.
The Sangh Parivar, against which I had been waging a war, misled the people. My opponents used the Election Commission and the bureaucracy to win a political battle.
In a democracy, power is not permanent.
Everyone should play their role in tearing down the wall of hatred.
If you do not milk the cow fully, it falls sick.
In politics, everybody is free to choose his friends and allies.
Why should I tell you where I am going to get funds from? If I were to do that then all the vested interests would get alerted. You must be aware that railways are full of such elements and my fight is against them.
I do not rule out the possibility of being prime minister of India one day, but there is still time.
Musharraf is a good man and wants to improve relations with India.
It is because of me that today the union government has sanctioned special funds for the development of Bihar.
Today in India there are all sections of people, as the BJP realized when the poor voted them out.
Our mass movement will shatter this communal, fascist and autocratic center.
For the first time in the history of Bihar, I provided a stable government. Despite being denied funds by the Centre, Bihar survived on its resources. I provided pucca dwellings to half a million Dalit families.
