Polish,Politician
He who puts out his hand to stop the wheel of history will have his fingers crushed.
It is hardly possible to build anything if frustration, bitterness and a mood of helplessness prevail.
Obviously people want social calm, but if you do not let clever and ingenious people to participate, obviously there must be some dormant volcano that will erupt, sooner or later.
I'm lazy. But it's the lazy people who invented the wheel and the bicycle because they didn't like walking or carrying things.
The thing that lies at the foundation of positive change, the way I see it, is service to a fellow human being.
I'm a man of faith. I only fear God, and my wife - sometimes.
We hold our heads high, despite the price we have paid, because freedom is priceless.
I most sincerely wish that the world in which we live be free from the threat of a nuclear holocaust and from the ruinous arms race. It is my cherished desire that peace be not separated from freedom which is the right of every nation. This I desire and for this I pray.
There is something of the warrior in me.
We need to agree on common values for all religions as soon as possible, a kind of secular Ten Commandments on which we will build the world of tomorrow.
The fall of the Berlin Wall makes for nice pictures. But it all started in the shipyards.
The sole and basic source of our strength is the solidarity of workers, peasants and the intelligentsia, the solidarity of the nation, the solidarity of people who seek to live in dignity, truth, and in harmony with their conscience.
The hope of the nation which throughout the nineteenth century had not for a moment reconciled itself with the loss of independence, and fighting for its own freedom, fought at the same time for the freedom of other nations.
The program of our movement stems from the fundamental moral laws and order.
Democracy is made up of three elements. One is whether the laws support pluralistic principles. The second is whether the people take advantage of these laws. The third element is whether the peoples' wallets are thick enough to benefit from this democracy.
Communism is a monopolistic system, economically and politically. The system suppresses individual initiative, and the 21st century is all about individualism and freedom. The development of technology supported these directions.
Poles finished communism, and Great Britain profited significantly from this.
When I was fighting communism, there was rapid development of satellite television and cell phones, and communism, to survive, would have to block all these information devices.
I belong to a nation which over the past centuries has experienced many hardships and reverses. The world reacted with silence or with mere sympathy when Polish frontiers were crossed by invading armies and the sovereign state had to succumb to brutal force.
For now, capitalism is working to produce more money but does not see the people. This problem is getting worse across the world.
I want to light the lights of patriotism.
Up to the 20th century, we can say that this whole period was an Earth epoch, 'Earth' meaning the riches of the earth, simple physical work. That is why there were wars, the movement of frontiers, war over riches.
Communism in Cuba will collapse sooner or later because you can't control the free flow of information. Communism prevents organizations from developing by stopping the flow of information. The system is based on police and listening devices and triggers the worst characteristics in humans.
What until then seemed impossible to achieve has become a fact of life. We have won the right to association in trade unions independent from the authorities, founded and shaped by the working people themselves.
I must tell you that the supply of words on the world market is plentiful, but the demand is falling.
Our national history has so often filled us with bitterness and the feeling of helplessness.
Authority must be respected and chosen wisely.
You should go to the polls, organize yourself. But once lawmakers are chosen, they must be respected.
Capitalism is in crisis.
I have more than 100 honorary Ph.D.s.
I am happy that Poland is returning to the road of pluralism and democracy.
I cannot stand for more than half an hour in one place.
I represent the concept that pluralism is essential, union pluralism. I made an oath about this.
I am no politician.
In myself I am nothing. It all comes from God and the Virgin Mary.
Freedom must be gained step by step, slowly. Freedom is a food which must be carefully administered when people are too hungry for it.
I'm a fatalist.
People always ask me, 'Lech, aren't you afraid of being killed?' And as an answer I shrug my shoulders.
I have a vision, and I know I'm right.
Now is the era of intellect, information and the Internet.
Communists are great capitalists, so there is no threat anymore.
People are most important.
I don't like to look a man in the eye.
Communism is a monopolistic system, economically and politically.
I believe that any violation of privacy is nothing good.
I use many different gadgets connected with computers; I use PCs, laptops and a Palm Pilot. I also use the Internet to visit websites, especially within Polish-language Internet. I usually go to political discussion groups and sites - of course, as I use my real name, people never believe that they are chatting with me!
The politicians always told us that the Cold War stand-off could only change by way of nuclear war. None of them believed that such systemic change was possible.
I risked my life.
I am overjoyed that I do not need a heart transplant at this time.
My health is very much improved.
I hope to work harder than ever to help people around the world.
Dictators and oppressors should continue to fear me because I will be here for a long time.
I can't imagine the right wing trying to unite without my participation.
We were hoping Obama would reclaim moral leadership for America. That failed.
No minority should climb all over the majority.
We have travelled so far in our technical advancements that we are no longer located in our own countries.
I don't have regrets I didn't spend more time with my family because I've lived my life to the full, and you can't look back in regret.
Tomorrow there will be no division to Europe and Asia. These are old concepts that would remain only on maps. Everything will be united. Companies will be united. It is a process of structures growing due to the technological progress.
Life creates new heroes, and new heroes always find it easiest to beat up on the previous heroes.
My character and personality is today and tomorrow; I do not work well remembering further back.
Technology helped end communism by bringing in information from the outside.
