American,Politician
Working together, we will continue to lay the foundation for a new generation of inclusive economic growth, expand economic opportunity for middle-class families, and ensure that innovative businesses have the support they need to thrive and grow in the years to come.
It's important to focus on how we can strengthen international trade.
As governor, I will always be willing to work with people who have ideas to offer and are ready to roll up their sleeves. That kind of teamwork will build a New Hampshire that will lead the nation and compete with the world. Together, we will help our businesses grow and build a stronger economy on a vision of innovation and growth.
I think it's very important for both women and men to see women working in a variety of capacities.
I am disappointed that Senator Ayotte has voted repeatedly for deep cuts in Pell Grants that would make college more expensive for thousands of New Hampshire students and voted against allowing young people to refinance their student loans.
When you literally build a state of granite, it takes a certain toughness and perseverance as well as a unique blend of community and independence: a culture that also helps spur economic growth.
What's really important to me is that we have fiscally responsible balanced budgets.
I support Hillary Clinton for the presidency because her experience and her record demonstrate that she's qualified to hold the job.
Iran can never get a nuclear weapon, and it never will as long as I have anything to say about it.
I have a record of wanting to make sure that campaigns are open and financing is fair, but it can't just be one sided.
Women are able to fit public service into their lives. Once they find out they like it and can do it, there is plenty of room to grow.
You begin to realize that the genius of our country is the constant push to be more inclusive and find new ways of engaging everyone.
President Clinton's record of advocating for the middle class and creating millions of new jobs and opportunity for Americans is second to none. I'm looking forward to campaigning with him and talking about how we keep New Hampshire moving forward and build a strong, innovative economy with the best workforce in the country.
New Hampshire is moving in the right direction because we have shown time and time again that we can work across the aisle to solve problems.
As Governor, I've worked to solve problems the New Hampshire way - bringing together Democrats, Republicans and Independents to help hard-working Granite Staters adapt to our changing economy so that everyone has the opportunity to get ahead and stay ahead.
I have always been a strong champion for New Hampshire's environment.
As Senator, I will always put the health and safety of New Hampshire's families first.
I certainly think that we can take steps to prevent this kind of weapon that is designed to create mass casualties from getting into the hands of the wrong people while still protecting the Second Amendment rights of the people of New Hampshire and making sure that we're protecting the ownership and use of legitimate hunting rifles.
Through Gateway to Work, we can provide more of the workers our businesses need to thrive, and we can help give more of our families the opportunity to work their way to self-sufficiency and into the middle class.
Our economy works really well without an income or a sales tax.
I served in the state Senate for six years with retiring Gov. John Lynch. During that time, we had the fourth-lowest unemployment rate in the country.
The Granite State needs a senator who knows that New Hampshire comes first - and leads like it.
We've never made progress in this country or in this state by lowering expectations.
We've always made progress by understanding what the next great challenge is.
I didn't intend to run for public office. I didn't really think about it.
The fact that a New Hampshire legislator's position is not seen as a career or a way of supporting a family has meant that it draws women. At times, I think men who might be looking for a paid career have known that they couldn't make one out of serving in the legislature. So there's a little more space for women.
