Israeli,Politician
I believe in professionalism, less in politicians.
There is no reason that a cell phone should cost double in Israel what it does abroad.
My worldview says that competition is the consumer's best friend.
The truth is that 'The Jerusalem Post' is the most credible newspaper in Israel.
The moment we put an end to speculation in land, we put an end to making money at the expense of our sons and daughters.
Kulanu is the only party actually championing social issues.
The Finance Ministry can bring about real social change.
My brother Kobi made my mother very proud when he was elected deputy mayor of Jerusalem. My sister made her proud when she got an advanced university degree, finishing cum laude, and I could not have given my mother a better present than having her come to the Knesset to witness my swearing-in as a minister.
I think there needs to be a range of justices, of all types. You can't just pick one type.
Any agreement that will strengthen Israel - the Kulanu party will be there to support it.
I didn't form Kulanu to return to Likud.
The economy is designed to serve the individual.
Unfortunately, the weaker people are, the more they pay, and the stronger they are, the less they pay - when it comes to banking, commission and management fees, and in every area of our lives.
The cost of living is not solved in Congress and Munich - the cost of living is solved here: in Jerusalem, Tel Aviv, Netanya and Haifa.
We can't have investors buying four apartments while young couples struggle to raise another 5,000 shekels for a home. I appeal to investors: Think about these young couples, and invest your money elsewhere.
Soldiers don't have a lobby or a political party.
A one-year budget doesn't mean the government won't last, and a two-year budget doesn't mean it will.
A two-year budget is not an ideology.
Whoever feels mercy for the cruel is bound to eventually be cruel to the merciful.
We must inflict upon terrorists and their families critical economic harm.
Every terrorist should know before they hurt a Jew that his family will also be hurt.
The State of Israel failed in absorbing the Jews from Ethiopia.
Our eternal capital Jerusalem was and remains our top national priority.
The Social Affairs Ministry and the police will continue to fight against the abuse of women and children. The ministry battles the harmful phenomenon of cults on a daily basis.
There are things that are more important than my personal happiness.
Finance industry executives earn an annual income, including benefits, grants and bonuses, that can reach over eight million shekels a year.
