Lebanese,Politician
I choose my words very delicately because I have a divided society.
We open our door, and we are still committed to open our door for our brothers in Syria. But doesn't mean that we should not keep alone. The international community should really - should really share Lebanon the numbers of refugees and share Lebanon the cost of their living.
What I'm trying to do is save and rescue the country if I can, and I'm doing my best to do it.
I believe in the stability of my country. I believe in unity.
We have to look to the well-being of the Lebanese citizens and create prosperity in the country, and you can't create prosperity without stability.
My agenda is not to reassure anybody outside Lebanon.
I thank God that I left office the same way I came in: with integrity.
I announce the resignation of the government, perhaps as the only way for Lebanon's main political blocs to assume their responsibilities and come together to pull Lebanon out of an unknown tunnel.
What I'm trying to do, and my policy, is to disassociate, to shy away from what's going on in Syria.
Historically, we were always complaining about others interfering in our domestic and national issues.
I am Lebanese, and I know the interests of my country.
I am not keen just for the position; I'm keen to help and to serve. If I can really avoid any bad things on my country, I will not hesitate one second.
Peace along with freedom and justice are the pillars for attaining both security and stability and will pave the way towards the eradication of oppression, extremism, and terrorism in our world.
Stability cannot occur without a Palestinian Spring through the full implementation of the Palestinians' right to self-determination on their land.
If I'm still walking, I am not dead. So I have to still walk and run towards the benefit of Lebanon.
The most important, what I believe myself to do, is what is the interest of Lebanon, what is the interest of my country and my nation? And I'm going to do it fully.
I cannot either change or do anything bad or good to the Syrian people and Syrian citizens.
I wish - I wish the peace and good for the Syrian citizen and the Syrian regime.
I have a friendship with Hezbollah, and I also have contacts outside of Lebanon, but it doesn't mean I follow anyone's agenda.
My own agenda is going to be followed, and that agenda is to maintain very good relations with the international community, and Lebanon has to fulfill its commitments.
I am keen to maintain very good relations and develop the relationship with the United States.
I believe nobody is stronger than the state. So the state would be strong, and we have to work altogether to make the strength of the state.
In my opinion, the Hezbollah has going - they are going to discover sooner or later than in their top priority should preserve Lebanon.
I call on the people of Tripoli to restrain themselves and not get drawn into conflict with anyone.
