Japanese,Politician
The safest nuclear power or energy policy is to realize 'zero nuclear power.'
In fact, the Senkaku Islands are... inherent territory of Japan that is recognized in our history and also by international law.
While many technological measures can be taken to secure safety at nuclear power plants, such measures on their own cannot cover great risks.
It is possible for Japan to become the model of a society that does not rely on nuclear power.
The question arises whether private companies can bear responsibility when considering the large risks involved with nuclear business.
I will carry on the torch of reviving Japan that the Democratic Party received from the people.
I am advocating a weak yen to a certain extent.
In Japan, the average age of agricultural workers is 65.8. When the aging of its population is accelerating so rapidly, it will be very difficult to sustain the sector whether we liberalize trade or not.
So, Japan as a country has lost its vigor; it feels very much closed in for various reasons.
I believe in any country, matters that relate to its territory would, of course, provoke strong sentiments amongst the people of that country.
China has become a major presence for most countries around the world but notably for its neighboring countries in Asia. So I think it is a common position for Japan and its Asian neighbors that we certainly would strive to maintain as much as possible friendly relations with China.
I wouldn't call myself anti-nuclear.
If you are unable to understand the cause of a problem it is impossible to solve it.
After the Second World War, people in Japan no longer died for their country, and even that expression was no longer used.
The trend in the world right now is - not just in developed countries, but in developing countries including China and India - there is a movement to build more and more nuclear plants.
When the world has 1,000, 2,000, 3,000 nuclear plants, can we call that a safe world? I think we need to properly have this debate.
I tend to agree with many aspects of President Obama's policies.
Nuclear arms and atomic power represent a technology in which coexistence with man is extremely difficult.
