British,Politician
I'm a fighter, not a quitter.
For too long, decisions have been taken behind closed doors - tablets of stone have simply been past down to people without bothering to involve people, listen to their views or give them information about what we are doing and why.
I think Europe is going in the right direction and we shouldn't be set back.
Of course, the EU is not going to fall apart, but at best it will stagnate for the foreseeable future and we will be dealing with quite a lot of internal chaos.
Having viewed Europe as an extension and projection of itself, France now finds Europe developing a mind and identity of its own which embraces France but is not controlled by France.
Too often we think we can act without explaining and take decisions without justifying them.
Europe has to address people's needs directly and reflect their priorities, not our own preoccupations.
What is most important for Europe is economic growth and jobs, security at home and safety in the world.
If the constitutional treaty is rejected it will be back to square one, just at a time when we want Europe to be a more effective force for good in the world, when we need to buttress ourselves against the pressures and insecurities of globalization.
The last thing we need is to turn in on ourselves rather than face us up to what we have to do in the world.
The markets don't like instability and they don't like uncertainty.
I'm optimistic that we are actually seeing the opportunity of a generation being created in this.
They want to derail peace because they want to plunge Northern Ireland back into armed conflict.
I hesitated, too, because for better or worse, I have been one of the principal architects of New Labour and I have worked closely with Tony Blair and the team for nearly 20 years.
Essentially we need a new social consensus for economic reform as New Labour has achieved in Britain.
It's a very good idea that we have a third term Labour government led by Tony Blair for a full term.
I do not share the half-in, half-out attitude to the EU of some in Britain. Britain's place is in Europe.
I certainly believe that we gain through open trade and liberalisation.
I have moved on from being a British parliamentarian, I have moved on from being a New Labour politician, I have moved on from being the supporter in the active day-to-day sense of Tony Blair.
I understand why the Tories will be gunning for Alastair Campbell because they fear his campaigning skills.
In my experience of these things, parties which shout about dirty tricks and the like tend to do so because they fear a direct hit in some vulnerable part of their political anatomy.
Firstly, people take for granted that the E.U. has created the biggest economic space in the world.
What we have to do is reinvent the idea of Europe.
We've got to demonstrate why European unity and integration, our vast single market, our single currency, equip us with the strength to embrace globalization.
In the space of a decade, China and India have emerged as dramatic, dynamic competitors.
Instead of saying that globalization is a fact, that it's inevitable, we've also got to demonstrate that while the growing interdependence of the world economy is indeed a fact, it's not uncontrollable.
