American,Politician
I try to be respectful of how other people think, I try to listen to what they're saying.
Students can spend their money better than government can. It should not require a federal loan and decades of debt for students to get a college degree. Price limits access - plain and simple.
Taxpayers need a businessman who knows how to create jobs, cut costs and balance budgets.
The Miccosukee facility in Miami only offers bingo, poker, and video gambling machines. Because it does not have slot machines or table games, the Miccosukee tribe doesn't need an agreement with the state. The Miccosukees only answer to the federal government.
Somebody's going to have to stand up to ISIS. It is a threat. When we have Americans beheaded, when we have people posing as refugees and become terrorists as in France, this is a scary time in the world.
Students who have spent their childhood here in Florida deserve to qualify for the same in-state tuition rate at universities their peers and classmates do.
I am very much opposed to forcing anyone to violate their conscience or their religious beliefs, and of course, I'm very much opposed to discrimination.
By raising the minimum wage in California, 700,000 people are going to lose their jobs. There are a lot of opportunities for companies to prosper in Florida and compete here, and that's what I'm going after.
Prosperity comes from the private sector.
Shipping by water is cheaper than by rail, which is cheaper than by truck.
Quality health care services must be accessible and affordable for all - not just those in certain ZIP codes or tax brackets.
I want all tuition to stop growing.
Everybody that has a measurement, whether it's in teaching or whether it's in your job, you're always worried how you will be measured.
I am grateful for the lessons I learned from my parents' sacrifices. They often had trouble making ends meet, so we moved for them to find work. I remember my mom would sometimes take on second jobs, like ironing, just so we could buy groceries.
Mom somehow made it to every one of my graduations - even when it meant she had to travel far away.
I'm not going to suggest to a delegate at what they ought to do.
My job is to get people back to work and make tough decisions. I've been willing to do it.
I am absolutely convinced that Florida will become the most exciting place in the world to live and work.
I've absolutely lived the American dream.
I think stimulus money is an absolute mistake.
Let's remember, the Second Amendment has been around for over 200 years.
My mom never went to college, but for her own children, getting a great education was not an option.
I believe that free-market principles will solve our healthcare problems.
What you see is when the government gets involved, you run out of money and health care gets rationed.
I've built companies, I've created jobs, I know the frustration of small businesses with higher taxes.
I learned hard lessons, and I've taken that lesson and it's helped me become a better business person and a better leader.
I can't imagine anybody not wanting to make sure that noncitizens don't dilute legitimate U.S. citizens' vote.
No U.S. citizen is being kicked off any voter rolls.
I'm supposed to enforce the laws of the land.
I was in the Navy as an enlisted man, started my first business when I was 21.
I built private sector jobs all my life.
Donald Trump is a friend.
In Florida, we're the best melting pot in the world. We love everybody coming to our state.
Higher taxes kill jobs. Regulations kill jobs.
Obamacare is an unbelievable job killer.
I stood up for what I believed in starting businesses.
Foreign policy is important.
If you look at Governor Romney's family, he's been very successful. He's built a great family, very committed to his wife.
I believe - I clearly believe that government-run health care will be bad for you as a patient. It will be bad for you as a taxpayer.
Health-care costs when I got into the industry in '88 were 16 percent a year inflation. When I got out in 1997, they were less than 1 percent.
The hospital industry to this day works its tail off to do the right thing.
There's a book out called 'How Money Walks' written by Travis Brown. He's followed annual adjusted gross income from 1992 to 2011. Approximately $100 billion has moved to Florida from all over the country. Number two is Arizona. Where does it come from? It's come from New York; it's come from New Jersey; and it's come from California.
Successful companies hire people.
Allowing casinos to operate without having races could result in the end of dog racing in Florida as we know it. Right now, greyhound racing is in many cases a money-losing proposition, but the dog tracks are forced to continue it because they have to have races in order to operate the lucrative casinos.
I started school in public housing. My dad had a sixth-grade education.
Florida is not going to implement Obamacare. We are not going to expand Medicaid, and we're not going to implement exchanges.
Floridians are a strong, resilient people. We are fortunate to live in a great state where all Floridians enjoy opportunities to get a great job and a world-class education.
When you're the CEO, you take responsibility.
In business, you learn from mistakes. In government, they never do.
I don't think it's good in any business for anyone to have a monopoly. On the other hand, you need to have size to get costs down.
I support Donald Trump because I believe he's a businessperson that's going to get the economy going, but also he's going to focus on how we destroy ISIS.
I don't go to the federal government and say, 'Fund my program.'
Every business has to figure out how to make itself more efficient. They've got to use technology. They've got to use the Internet, things like that. We can do the same thing with our state colleges.
I had a mother that told me what to do all my life, and I traded that in for a wife. We got married two years out of high school which is not what you tell your kids to do, right?
I want everybody in Florida to live the American dream.
It's time for an end to the Republican-on-Republican violence.
When I first ran for governor, the political class and party leaders opposed me with great vigor, and some even said if I won the primary they would never vote for me. But the voters had other ideas, and they are the only ones who count.
It is up to all of us - the state, Florida's local communities, and the federal government - to work together on long-term solutions to improve the quality of our water.
My goal, one-hundred percent, is to get individuals and companies to move to Florida.
Nobody would think that anybody on a terror watch list should have a gun, right?
Let's have a conversation about how we destroy ISIS.
I grew up in a family struggling for work.
Everybody handles protesters differently.
I believe in the right to defend yourself.
My job is to enforce the laws of Florida.
While the federal government is committed to paying 100% of the cost of new people in Medicaid, I cannot, in good conscience, deny the uninsured access to care.
America's greatness is largely because of how we value the weakest among us.
No mother, or father, should despair over whether or not they can afford - or access - the health care their child needs.
When businesses think of locating in North America, I want to make sure that they think first about Florida.
If poor people are spending their own money, it is amazing how fast they will figure out how to keep a lid on medical bills.
I have made it my practice to not get involved in primaries because picking the Republican candidate is the voters' job.
With over 20 million residents and 100 million tourists, we must stay ahead of the possible spread of the Zika virus and take immediate action to ensure Florida is prepared.
Faced with a deep recession, some say the answer is to expand the role of government.
History has repeatedly shown that the costs of many government healthcare programs far exceed early projections.
In Florida, Medicaid is the fastest-growing part of our state budget - hands down. It is increasing at more than 3.5 times the rate of our general revenue.
We want Florida to be first for jobs, and we must have a skilled workforce to reach that goal. By investing in science, technology, engineering and math education, we are ensuring our students are prepared for the jobs of the future. Our teachers are essential to preparing our students.
Do you want to use your tax dollars to educate more people who can't get jobs? I want to make sure that we spend our money where people can get jobs when they get out.
I'm very proud that 40 sheriffs have endorsed me.
My position on immigration has been clear for a long time. I believe the federal government ought to do their job. You know, secure our borders. Come up with an immigration policy that Americans understand and people who want to come to this country understand.
I'm going to work with the Senate and the House to make sure we have a bill that lowers tuition for all Floridians.
We know Zika's not going to go on vacation.
I need a partner in D.C. that cares about jobs.
I love the 20 million people that live in my state and 100 million tourists.
I believe in the principle that if you have more competition, it will drive down the prices.
Here in Florida, we know plenty about the Castro brothers, and we hear stories of their ruthless and violent rule far too often. It is shameful that we would grant them any shred of legitimacy.
The pollsters and pundits will keep trying to read voters' minds.
I think we ought to leave the law exactly the way it is, the 14th amendment.
Ben Carson's either the angriest person in the world or the calmest.
I'm never going to become an expert on how you get delegates. I think what you've got to do is follow the will of voters.
The CDC and the federal government have already admitted that they have failed to get ahead of the spread of Ebola in Texas, and we aren't going to let that happen in Florida.
I want every health care professional, every first-responder, every citizen, every visitor to know that in Florida we continue to prepare for the worst. But we pray for the best.
Jesus Christ is my savior.
From a very young man, I learned the importance of believing in Jesus Christ, and I have all my life.
I grew up in the Methodist church. My wife grew up in the Baptist church. And wives get everything they want. So we got married in the Baptist church.
The most important thing is to tell people to go out and vote.
I think Senator Marco Rubio was a very good speaker of the House, has been a very good senator.
If you're not the establishment candidate, they're going to attack you some ways.
It is appalling that President Obama would cut off federal health care dollars to Florida in an effort to force our state further into Obamacare.
I don't want to tell Gov. Brewer what to do; she can do what's best for her state.
In Florida, we are focused on economic growth and not on things that divide us.
We are for freedom here in Florida.
Washington, D.C., could learn a few budget lessons from Florida. The contrast between our state and the nation's capital is remarkable.
People win elections based on having the right ideas, the right plans, like my seven step plan for 700,000 jobs. That's what wins elections.
I've worked since I was in second grade.
My religion is very important to me.
I believe in the traditional American family, and I will do everything that I can to promote, you know, families.
As far back as the 1800s, people were moving to Florida to make their dreams come true.
In the middle of the Great Depression, George Jenkins, Jr. left his job at a grocery store and decided he would open up his own store. I am sure many people thought Mr. Jenkins was crazy, but he had a dream. Today, his chain of stores employs 127,000 Floridians and is the largest employee-owned company in the country. We know it as Publix.
I have recommended cutting the tax on cell phones and TVs for every Florida family so they can save around $43 a year for spending as little as $100 a month on cell phone and TV bills combined.
