American,Politician
Veterans are a symbol of what makes our nation great, and we must never forget all they have done to ensure our freedom.
My approach to public service is straightforward: I fight every day for New Jersey families, small businesses, veterans, and seniors and work to change the way business is done in Washington.
Federal support for Morristown National Historic Park and the inclusion of additional lands present a unique opportunity for our government to express its commitment to preserving our past. Failing to do so may allow these historically important lands to go unprotected.
Whatever solutions there are for flood control need to be bipartisan.
I have supported the equal rights amendment since I was a freeholder. You won't find many people who can say that. I'm very proud of it.
I sent my personal check to the Planned Parenthood of Northern New Jersey. My wife and I do every year.
Here's the problem: the so-called 'millionaire surtax' is a permanent tax to pay for a temporary benefit.
I don't view myself as marching to any right-wing drummer.
There have been some management issues with Amtrak, but I think they have cleaned up their act.
I don't want the United States to be Athens on the Potomac.
I'm very respectful of people's views. I know that they're deeply held, and I'd like to hope that people are respectful of my deeply held views.
I think there is a direct correlation between interest shown by a member of Congress on these projects and the progress that is made. I think it gives the Superfund effort some credibility, lets citizens know we are serious about these cleanups.
When the USS New Jersey is commissioned, it will be a source of pride for everyone in our state for decades.
It is important for me to personally visit Superfund sites to assess the progress being made.
New Jersey has more Superfund sites than other state in the nation, but considerable progress has been made.
To keep providing our soldiers, sailors and Marines with 21st-century firepower, Picatinny needs 21st-century laboratories and research and development facilities.
The Keystone pipeline is one of those things that's sort of a political driver. And mostly, the Republicans use it to sort of embarrass the president and embarrass quite a few Democrats who feel that there's a potential for an environmental disaster.
There's been nobody who stays in more communication and listens to veterans more than I do.
I'm a member of the American legion and VFW, patron member of the Jewish War Veterans.
I've been at every American Legion and VFW post in my district.
If people are shooting at you, it's human nature to be afraid. I was afraid. I'll be quite blunt about that.
Basic training is horrible. It's dirty, and it's ugly. But you learn it's not just about you. It makes you part of a team, which helps you to survive.
When the federal government gets around to cleaning up their lists, I am sure we'll take another look at the Lowey amendment. But until then, this effort will continue to have bipartisan opposition.
I have been pleased to receive petitions from groups that seek a range of new gun control measures and groups and individuals who believe additional laws are unnecessary or unwise.
Diminishing violence is a goal everyone can support, and I look forward to participating in the debate when specific proposals come before the House.
I know we don't need automatic weapons, but the question may boil down to what is an automatic weapon.
I'm fiscally conservative but socially moderate. A moderate Republican - there just aren't many of us left.
My father could never remember anybody's name.
We were the group that built the roads by day that the Vietcong traveled at night.
I can remember when President Nixon basically said, 'All troops have been withdrawn from the delta.' And I said, 'Wait, I'm still here.'
I had never had a particularly warm feeling about Richard Nixon, and it didn't get any warmer after my service.
Seven months after Hurricane Sandy, New Jersey residents and business are continuing the hard work of recovery.
I think fundraising has a lot to do with political viability.
A lot of New Jerseyans... have been very supportive of me.
The focus is on the Middle East, so there are a lot of eyes on the battlefield. But there are other things that are happening around the world, in Northern Africa, things happen in the Southern Hemisphere and in Central and South America.
We need to keep an eye on influences from the Middle East or, let's say, indigenous groups, that might be involved in terrorism.
Certainly I support the Constitution, and I respect people's privacy, but I also think we need to err on the side of protecting us.
I still support Planned Parenthood personally because they do a good job providing health care for women, have for generations in my congressional district.
When you have 435 people who are opinionated... sometimes agreeing on things is difficult.
You don't want to upset the people from California. They can outvote you.
People do stupid things... words are important.
I personally feel all guns ought to be registered.
I do support and believe in the Second Amendment. But I do think we need more background checks rather than less.
I've known him for years, and I am supporting Chris Christie for president. Whether he will, in the final analysis, be the president, I don't know.
The primary reason that I'd be here or that Don Payne Jr. would be here is for you to know that members of Congress actually exist and are human.
I'm a fiscal conservative. That's how I define myself.
I don't think we need a Washington-imposed solution.
I don't apologize for looking after New Jersey's interests. That's an obligation that I'll always keep.
Syria is a problem, but Iran is a bigger problem.
