American,Politician
We must enforce the laws we have on the books, secure our borders, and deny special benefits to illegal immigrants such as in-state tuition rates. This approach is best for American citizens and is fair to those who have taken the time and effort to go through the legal immigration process.
State and local law enforcement are the primary protectors of the health, safety, and welfare of the people in the individual states.
We need to lower marginal tax rates and increase investment.
I am delighted to receive the support of Sheriff John Rutherford. Sheriff Rutherford is a dedicated law enforcement professional, a man of conservative values and one of the preeminent leaders in North Florida. His support carries great weight and will be helpful to me in my campaign.
Don't make government work like a business... it's inherently inefficient.
I sympathize with the victims of Hurricane Sandy and believe that those who purchased flood insurance should have their claims paid.
Very rarely do firearms restrictions affect criminals. They really only affect law-abiding citizens.
I see a bright future for Florida and for America, and my campaign will be about the ideas and principles that will help us achieve a more perfect union.
As we face an epidemic of veteran suicides, we must make sure that all of our returning servicemembers are honored and taken care of, no matter the wounds they bear.
A limited government is much more likely to be a competent government.
Americans of all political background overwhelmingly support term limits, yet term limits have floundered in Congress.
If you look at Washington right now, we do not have a system that the Founding Fathers envisioned, where people go to Washington and be part of the servant class. Instead, we have a permanent political class that fashions itself the rulers of the people.
America needs a new generation of leaders to address the big issues facing the country: alleviating the middle class squeeze and promoting economic opportunity, confronting the significant national security challenges threatening the safety of our people, and reforming the culture of Washington, D.C.
If a hurricane came here, I would want any relief plan to be fiscally responsible.
Too many in Washington display a ruling class mentality, and congressional term limits would go a long way towards restoring the citizen-legislator ethos of the Founding Fathers.
Bringing accountability to Washington has been an important part of my time in office and an important part of my campaign.
If Congress adds 5 percent to the debt, then their pay should be cut by 5 percent.
It is crucial that the House exercises its oversight functions to ensure constitutional accountability of government agencies, especially as the bureaucracies associated with ObamaCare and Dodd-Frank flex their muscles and seek to expand their authority.
We need a new generation of leaders who will promote policies that will foster economic growth and alleviate the middle class squeeze, defend America's national security against those who threaten our people, reform the culture of Washington, D.C., and reassert the constitutional principles that make our country unique.
Congress cannot be allowed to impose burdens on the American people while relieving its own members of those burdens.
I am sick and tired of an administration that treats Raul Castro and Ayatollah Khamenei better than it treats the prime minister of Israel.
Merely implying bias due to a judge's ethnic heritage is wrong as a matter of principle and legally illegitimate.
The VA should use every tool at their disposal to support and treat our veterans, including the specialized care offered by service dogs.
You need to be intent on reducing size, scope, and influence of government.
These Sunni Arabs in places like al Anbar province in Iraq, where I served back in 2007, if they see Iran as the dominant power, a Shiite country, they're going to be much more likely to want to join ISIS.
I think, for me, anybody who is a terrorist should not have access to firearms.
We are in a conflict, whether we like it or not. I think we have to identify the enemy and call it by its name. And the enemy is an ideology rooted in militant Islam.
You can't just magically create subsides through executive fiat.
I'm running for Congress to reverse Obama's big government policies, to be faithful to the principles on which our nation was founded, and to make members of Congress play by the same rules as the rest of us.
I haven't let Washington change me.
If you buy something online, you're supposed to pay a use tax.
I am pleased to be endorsed by Sheriff Joe Arpaio. Like Sheriff Joe, I believe that illegal immigration is a major problem that undermines the rule of law.
If you want to look right now under Obama who our enemies are, just look at who he is nice to.
An average person like me does not know about stuff like chasing absentee ballots.
There are some really wealthy hedge fund billionaires in San Francisco who have pledged a lot of money for Democratic candidates to argue for cap and trade and carbon tax and all these things.
The idea that we have the capacity to change or stop the climate, I'm just skeptical.
We must make sure that all of our returning servicemembers are honored and taken care of, no matter the wounds they bear.
Patrick Murphy's decision to support a deal that infuses the world's leading state sponsor of terrorism with $150 billion, confers international legitimacy on Iran's expansive nuclear program, and even allows Iran to inspect its own military sites demonstrates a lack of judgment and inexperience in matters of national security.
I want to help the 2016 Republican presidential nominee, whoever that is, get our country back on track.
Whatever shape my future service takes, I look forward to doing my part to help get our country back on track.
I am very grateful to Jeb Bush for his support of my candidacy.
Jeb Bush is the foremost authority on education reform in the Republican Party, and I will look to reform the ballooning costs of our higher education system along the lines that he has advocated.
As a candidate for Senate, I look forward to offering reforms based on limited government principles that will make our country stronger and more prosperous.
Because terms limits are so popular, the interest of a member of Congress in staying in office would be congruent with supporting my term limits joint resolution.
It is not enough for us to merely continue to talk about and contribute to the echo chamber of white noise of what's wrong with America or for candidates to spout off silly poll-tested talking points about national security or foreign policy.
The country's on the wrong track.
President Obama made far-reaching, unilateral changes to our nation's immigration policy despite saying on over 22 different occasions that he did not have the authority to do so.
I think the federal flood insurance program is actuarially unsound and renders private insurance not viable, thereby needing an overhaul going forward.
If we reach the debt ceiling, we don't have to default. Getting to that point just won't allow us to reach new debt.
Something different has to be done before we make another budget deal that increases spending and raises the debt some more. Our current course is not reasonable. Our current course is insane.
At the end of the day, I'm fighting for the things I said I'd fight for.
My actions will speak louder than words.
Florida is very difficult to have name ID... That's why statewide incumbents usually get reelected in Florida.
When Americans support using our military abroad, they want to see a clear plan. They want to know what they need to do and when - and policymakers want to know that there's broad public support for the effort.
Why would Russia care about chemical weapons in Syria? They have no incentive to care.
I'm honored that so many Floridians are supporting my efforts to rekindle the American Dream.
At tax time, people are going to say, 'Gee, if the IRS asks for documents from me, and I destroy them, I wouldn't get away with that.' But that's effectively what Commissioner Koskinen has been able to get away with.
We need to save the country.
I don't want to live in a country where the elites like Hillary Clinton do not live under the same laws as the rest of us. She needs to be held to account.
The practice of passing bills to find out what is in them represents a Forrest Gump-box of chocolates approach to government in which the taxpayers never know what they are going to get.
Thousands of our post-9/11 veterans carry the invisible burden of post-traumatic stress, and there is an overwhelming need to expand the available treatment options.
The PAWS Act is a simple bill that could have a dramatic - and potentially life-saving - effect on the lives of many.
An approach that phases in congressional term limits reconciles the self-interest of members of Congress with the public's desire to see these changes enacted and gives us the best chance to make term limits a reality.
I would go bold: you don't have to be a member of Congress to be the speaker of the House. I would support someone like Dr. Carson or somebody like that; I think that would be good.
