British,Politician
Inspirational leaders need to have a winning mentality in order to inspire respect. It is hard to trust in the leadership of someone who is half-hearted about their purpose, or only sporadic in focus or enthusiasm.
I don't think I am a workaholic. I prefer to keep busy. It is better than the alternative.
There may be problems we still need to tease out, but we will leave no stone unturned in our bid to make London the host city.
It is really important that we promote competitive support in schools. It is very important that we recognise that has to be underpinned by good quality physical education and by getting people into patterns of exercise.
The biggest fragility in a project is often just the inability to be able to explain to people why you are doing it, and when you're going to do it, and what's going to happen.
I will go to my grave believing that participation is best driven by the well-stocked shop window.
Our success in Singapore was a Herculean effort by the whole team. Now I am determined to deliver on all we promised. I will be watching like a hawk.
Sport is a universal language, building more bridges between people than anything else I can think of.
I do genuinely believe that young people who play sport at a competitive level, sensibly controlled, sensibly organised, that has to be a good thing. It will teach them to win, it will teach them to lose with dignity and magnanimity - all the things you want. It's a pretty good metaphor for life.
Sacrifice is going to war for your country. Sacrifice is a brave young man being blown up by a landmine in Afghanistan.
I'm a Chelsea season-ticket holder, and I've supported them for 37 years, so any judgment of Manchester United by me is seen as biased.
Getting the Games for London has been the fulfilment of a dream. It is one which I truly believe can change the lives of hundreds of thousands of young people for the better. But in the end, nothing can quite compare with winning your first Olympic gold medal.
The London Games will be designed for the athletes and we will provide them with the very best venues and the very best conditions to pursue their sporting dreams in London.
Vision is a romantic thing. We have got into 'talent identification'. I am much more interested in passion - finding people who are really excited about doing something.
I joined the local athletics club when I was 12, that's what I did. I did it of my own volition.
Sport was an integral part of school life. The most influential teachers were not necessarily the PE teachers, but the teachers who helped me in sport because they had an understanding of what you were going through.
To anyone who has started out on a long campaign believing that the gold medal was destined for him, the feeling when, all of a sudden, the medal has gone somewhere else is quite indescribable.
World records are only borrowed.
All pressure is self-inflicted. It's what you make of it or how you let it rub off on you.
I'm not sure there are enough coaches in the system that can take young talent and consistently get them into the top five in the world.
We need to be confident. We need not to blink.
Quite simply the Games are the biggest opportunity sport in this country has ever had. It is one that we must not squander.
The great thing about athletics is that it's like poker sometimes: you know what's in your hand, and it may be a load of rubbish, but you've got to keep up the front.
Everybody recognises that giving young people competitive outlet through sport is a very good thing.
I've never sent an email in my life. My kids laugh. I often hand the phone to them and say, 'Can you text this message to somebody.' I don't even have a computer on my desk.
I actually don't believe in big government, and half the time I'm never quite sure I believe in government, generally.
My mother was Indian, brought up in Delhi. My grandparents were born in Bow and Poplar.
I'm probably one of the few people who can say I did all three types of state sector schooling.
I've always referred to my father as 'my coach' because we were always able to separate our relationship into the roles of coach and parent.
At university level, I had an economics lecturer who used to joke that I was the only student who handed in essays on British Airways notepaper.
I started daily training at the age of 14. When I was 16 years old, I was running twice a day.
My motivation to compete was always about improving one year to the next. At 34, I realised I'd never run any quicker, so why hang on? But I love running and still run along woodland trails and beaches every few days.
I was ecstatic when we won - to host the Olympics is one of the biggest opportunities in living memory. It will help change the lives of young people and transform east London.
Interviewing Hugh McIlvanney, I got to read lots of his stuff again. I'm a big fan of his writing.
Charlie Parker was a genius, as was Lester Young.
I wouldn't have raced a horse. But you'll then throw back at me that Jesse Owens raced against a horse, and he's one of my heroes, so I'm not going to say it was a silly stunt. I know too much about horses. They're highly unreliable, and they've got brains the size of golf balls.
When the subsidies are going out there to fund arts, I'd like to see jazz given a better shake of the dice. It attracts as many people as opera does, but not the subsidies.
I don't want to go back into politics - absolutely not.
I have always been very good at being able to structure my time. My mother had a huge influence on me. My dad was my coach. He was a hugely influential figure.
My mum was critical in getting me to recognise very early on that although what I was doing was pretty serious, quite selfish, and probably to most people pretty obsessive, there actually was more to life than running quickly twice round a track.
