American,Politician
Well, first let me say that I think health care reform is important. It has to be a priority. And our system is broken. The Finance Committee bill is the best effort yet, due in large measure to the efforts of my colleague, Olympia Snowe, but it's not there yet. It falls short.
It is incumbent upon us to respond to the unique needs of military women and ensure they receive proper care during the first year following childbirth.
Like the canary in the coal mine, the climate changes already evident in the Arctic are a call to action.
Taking the time to read to children is not only a worthwhile investment but also a wonderful experience. I have visited 119 schools in Maine, and these visits are among the most rewarding experiences in my career in public service.
Soaring prescription drug costs have placed a tremendous strain on family budgets. They have also imposed a heavy burden on employers - both public and private - who are struggling to provide affordable health insurance coverage to their workers.
I do not want to impose additional taxes on the employers at a time when our economy is very fragile and we want to encourage them to hire.
These are challenging times at home and around the world. We will have to work together in a bipartisan spirit and with our international partners if we are going to achieve progress and peace now and for future generations.
We can never fully repay the debt of our proud nation to those who have laid down their lives for our country. The best we can do is honor their memory, ensure that their sacrifice is not in vain, and help provide for their families.
I'm pleased the administration is endorsing the need for legislation dealing with the chemical sector. In the past, the administration's position has been ambiguous.
In light of the attacks on mass transit systems in other countries, shouldn't we be beefing up?... Clearly more could be done.
What we've been hearing over and over again is that the reason Republicans are opposed to the surtax is because of the concern of its impact on job creation. Well, if you carve out employers, you take away that argument.
What I find is with all due deference to - deference to our male colleagues, that women's styles tend to be more collaborative.
