American,Politician
I want to create an economy where minimum wage is a very brief stepping stone to higher-paying jobs so people can realize their dreams.
Barack Obama and Kay Hagan think that the minimum wage needs to be the same in the mountains of North Carolina and in the city of Boston - it makes no sense to me.
We don't classify all doctors as incompetent because of the infrequent instances of medical malpractice. We don't use the example of one bad teacher in our children's school to draw a negative conclusion of the entire teaching profession. We should apply that same rational standard when it comes to how we view law enforcement.
Democrats creating the expectation that judges should act as politicians in robes is a dangerous precedent to set, threatening the very independence of the judiciary.
People bring up Willie Horton or some other political bombshell in the past, but what they're not being intellectually honest about is if we do not work on early release, if we do not rehabilitate 95 percent of the people who go into the prison system and come out, far more innocent people are going to be harmed.
I worked on minimum wage; I didn't go to college out of school. I worked multiple jobs, and it's probably not something Sen. Hagan's not had to worry about because we grew up in very different life circumstances.
We owe it to the American people to set aside the areas where our ideology may prevent progress and find common ground where there are plenty of opportunities to produce good results.
I am a U.S. senator from North Carolina. I'm worried about doing the business on the Capitol Hill. I'm not going to get into the parlor games and the political discussions about a separate and co-equal branch.
What I want to do is create jobs that make the minimum wage irrelevant.
As a freedom-lover and avid outdoorsman, I understand the importance of protecting the Second Amendment, which has been under attack by liberal special interest groups funded by elitist billionaires.
In Washington, I will focus on creating a climate that helps create jobs and opportunities for Americans.
You will never satisfy the far extremes on the Left and the Right.
If you just focus on producing good outcomes, all that other stuff sorts itself out.
As the former state speaker of the North Caroline House of Representatives, I helped push two landmark bills that protected and expanded gun rights for citizens.
One of the problems fundamental to health care in the United States is access and cost.
Everyone knows that my key drivers to moving health care policies is improving access and reducing costs and improving outcomes.
The number-one defender of the Second Amendment rights is the National Rifle Association. The NRA works tirelessly to elect pro-Second Amendment candidates, and it fights fearlessly to win tough public policy battles and preserve those rights.
The NRA is a true grass-roots organization, and the collective power of its membership is simply unparalleled.
Law enforcement officers are entrusted with a tremendous responsibility; that is why we hold them to such a high standard. With that said, there are a small number of officers who have not lived up to that standard.
When officers' actions violate their duty, justice should be served in accordance with our legal system.
To indiscriminately cast all law enforcement as enemies of our communities is to engage in an attempt to divide our nation by turning Americans against each other.
We should refuse to settle for a deal that fails to secure the release of American hostages and paves Iran's path toward realizing its nuclear weapon ambitions.
Federal dollars and resources come with so much red tape that state and local experts can't use that funding for initiatives that are working the best or are most needed.
BDS is not a typical act of political correctness, undertaken by radical academics whose usual prey is the youth of America. This is a worldwide movement designed to destroy the one democracy in the Middle East and the hopes of people who have occupied that land for over three thousand years.
If Israel did not exist, the United Nations would go out of business.
Standing up for Israel at home validates those fundamental principles of freedom enshrined in our Constitution.
We need a Congress that understands the sanctity of life, the sanctity of traditional values, the sanctity of traditional marriage.
I've never listed my education degree as why people should vote for me. I think the average person is thinking more about what I've accomplished in my professional career and what I've accomplished in my career as a legislator.
'Til such time that the U.S. produces a continuous supply of home-grown talent, I want U.S. visa programs that support people from abroad come into the country.
We need to get back and make the agencies who are putting more burdens on businesses and employers and hardworking taxpayers and question whether or not there's a true benefit, and if there isn't, we must take steps to repeal them.
What we have to do is find a way to divide and conquer the people who are on assistance.
I think we've got a pretty good track record of definitively opposing Obamacare in the state of North Carolina.
I think you should consider anything that frees up the market, that creates more jobs.
Obamacare is a great idea that can't be paid for.
Anybody who doesn't support the Republican nominee... is a RINO.
I strongly support the construction of the Keystone Pipeline and favor expanding offshore drilling to make our nation less dependent on foreign oil.
In the Senate, I will work to shrink the size of our federal government to its core Constitutional role so the private sector can thrive.
As Speaker of the North Carolina House, I've proven I'm a problem-solver, balancing budgets, cutting wasteful spending, and providing teachers with historic pay raises.
We have to show respect for that woman who has cerebral palsy and had no choice in her condition, that needs help, and we should help.
As the economy turns, one of the most significant impediments to economic growth is going to be labor availability.
If we don't do a better job of getting illegal worker immigration policies in place, it's going to be a significant impediment to a number of industries.
I've actually got a Motley Crue channel on Pandora.
Any time you do tax reform, you really need to have a transition period.
We don't need something as large and complex and costly as the Affordable Care Act, because it can't work.
Republicans do need to communicate that we agree that there are serious health care issues among the American people that we need to solve.
A focus on regulatory overreach, things that the benefit doesn't outweigh the cost, is probably the single greatest opportunity we have for having a positive impact on job creation.
I was a partner at Pricewaterhouse before I got my four year degree.
I graduated from University of Maryland, 1996 - or '97, actually.
I'm an organizational guy.
I'm for creating high-paying jobs.
In-person town halls generally require a commitment several weeks in advance - a commitment my office is not prepared to make given the full schedule of the Senate and the duties attendant to service there.
We need to tell the far-right and the far-left to go away and have people in the center solve the problem.
People who truly represent an extreme on either side have a very difficult time getting bipartisan support for what they're doing.
Labels are irrelevant. It's the results.
I have serious concerns with the discussion around minimum wage because it drives up costs, and it could harm jobs.
Obviously, we want people to be paid a wage that could help make ends meet, but when you increase artificially the cost of labor to do a job, then oftentimes, those jobs will just go away.
I just received the endorsement of the National Right to Life, and more than anybody else, more than any organization I can think of, I'm proud that they recognize the work that we've done to save the lives of the unborn.
I've always had the kinds of careers that have a tendency to go home with you.
I've never seen anything that I didn't want to jump off of.
Since I became a senator in 2015, my office has been inundated by countless letters, emails, and calls from North Carolinians telling us how Obamacare has been a nightmare for them and their families.
The heartaches of Obamacare don't have to be the norm.
I've been anything but an establishment kind of guy.
Their failures, both Obama's and Kay Hagan's, are obvious.
Fulfilling your promises is the easiest way to get elected, and breaking your promises is the easiest way to get fired.
It's good, sound business to treat all the teachers fairly, and I think it's a good story to tell.
One of the biggest disagreements between Sen. Hagan and I - I don't believe we should be building an economy that's founded on making ends meet on minimum wage. It's impossible; it's a stepping stone.
Change, while sometimes good, is difficult to absorb. I think that a part of it is just having to see the results.
In cyberspace, weapons systems get created in 24-hour cycles. You have no earthly idea whether or not you have a defensive capability against them.
I'll be reaching across the aisle to find opportunities to work with Democrats on the issues that desperately need to be addressed.
I believe there are several conservative democrats who are prepared to join Republicans in opposition to measures that propose new entitlements and reparations.
Fort Bragg is an enormously important presence as the home to the 82nd Airborne and the Global Response Force of the XVIII Airborne Corps.
I have immense respect for Loretta Lynch both personally and professionally.
Violent felons and people with mental health problems need to be rehabilitated.
You can't put a gun in the hands of someone who represents a danger to themselves or society.
