American,Politician
If lenders are forced to scale back student lending because private student loans are subject to bankruptcy discharge, many students will be denied access to higher education.
It is my sincere hope that every person in India will experience true freedom of faith, regardless of religion.
Weakness is provocative.
The reality is for 50 years in this country, federal law has required people that are illegal - or that are immigrants - or that are legal immigrants to this country to carry documentation to that effect. And that has been the law for 50 years.
If Donald Trump is our nominee, I don't think that he represents the best our party has to offer either in temperament or qualification, and I think he's the weakest candidate that is in the race at this point in terms of the general election, and that to nominate him is to give Hillary Clinton a much better chance of being president.
My priorities? Assisting our allies, the Kurds, in their fight against ISIS.
Our focus should be on the more than 70 cures and treatments that have been successfully produced from other forms of stem cell research that do not destroy a human life.
I would want THAAD outside in our backyard, if we could get the military to put one there, because I believe it will be a protection to my children and no danger to them.
Religious minority communities in India have endured incidents of harassment, discrimination, intimidation and violent attacks for decades, often with little hope for justice.
Every U.S. citizen should have the assurance that the U.S. government will come vigorously to their defense in a time of need, especially when they are unjustly tried in a foreign country.
Of all government expenditures, defense spending is the... most stimulative to the economy.
If we can employ free market principles, we can help everyone.
My deepest desire is to do the thing that is first and foremost just.
I think that the important thing to consider here - Hubert Humphrey said that a society is measured by how he treats those in the dawn of life, those in the shadows of life, and those in the twilight of life. And it is true that Terri Schiavo lives among us in the shadows of life, but she is not brain dead. She feels pain.
In a genuinely conservative district like mine, it's hard to out-Republican me.
The last thing I saw Gabrielle Giffords do on the floor of the House of Representatives was to line up like the rest of us and read a part of the Constitution. And unbeknownst to her, when she got to the well, her part was the First Amendment.
Open Society Foundations is essentially another name for George Soros, who is a committed leftist, one-world-government ideologue.
I think if you hearken back to partial-birth abortion... everybody said, you know, it's not constitutional. It can't pass; it can't go anywhere, and it took time to do that, and it even had to succeed a presidential veto. But it eventually did.
Barack Obama could solve this problem and get the birthers to back off... by showing his long form birth certificate.
Much to Mr. Obama's chagrin, ours is not a government run by fiat. The American people have shown quite clearly that they will not simply roll over while this administration seeks to undercut our founding principles in pursuit of its preferred European model of government.
We must carefully examine regulations that could threaten the state of Arizona's water and power supply.
If U.S. focuses on truth and justice, we'll realize that Israel has been there for 3,000 years - the same language, the same people, the same culture for 3,000 years - and it's always astonishing to me that we somehow now think that they're the occupiers.
I am both astonished and honored beyond expression to be chosen as your 2011 Christian Statesman of the Year.
The truest statesmanship to which any feeble mortal can ever aspire is the sincere effort to apply the Savior's principles to human government.
As we consider the shared values of the U.S. and India, due attention to the fundamental human right of religious freedom is of the utmost importance.
The United States Constitution does not one time even mention marriage. It neither requires Congress or the states to adopt same-sex marriage laws nor does it forbid them from maintaining traditional marriage laws.
What if we move to a path to legalization? How do we reconcile that with justice and fairness with those that come here legally?
An EMP attack on America would send us back to the horse and buggy era - without the horse and buggy. If you're a terrorist, this is your ultimate goal, your ultimate asymmetric weapon.
Nuclear missiles don't discriminate on party lines when they land.
False Claims Act violators who self-report generally receive the same penalties and face the same damages as those who are caught. I think this makes very little sense.
The administration has taken its inexcusable apathy a step further, declaring that even abiding by the few token sanctions in place isn't truly necessary, as evidenced by the now 20 countries to which the Obama administration has granted waivers to continue doing business with Iran.
Pakistan has done some really terrible things, and yet they also have facilitated our military capabilities in ways that are critical to our country.
I'm a big defense hawk and a big fiscal conservative, but in this case, Pakistan continues to imprison the man who gave us Osama bin Laden and continue to have a major ideological bent within the middle echelons of their government that, I think, should cause all of us pause given the size and nature of their nuclear arsenal.
The president and the administration had a duty to defend the Defense of Marriage Act, but powerful constituencies of the president did not want the president to defend it. And unfortunately, politics trumped duty.
Wil Cardon understands what Arizona needs in Washington. He is committed to getting our economy back on track, upholding our country's rule of law, and looking out for Arizona families.
My district is well-acquainted with my commitment to protecting innocent human life.
The Constitution gives the Congress absolute authority within the District of Columbia on any legislative issues whatsoever.
When the Left doesn't want to make abortion the issue, they say you're being against minorities.
Businesses - we protect our businesses with the guns, our banks, our money. We protect politicians with guns.
When it comes to our children, the most precious treasure God ever gives us, we protect them with a little sign that says, 'No guns allowed.'
I have nothing but the greatest respect and affection for Kevin McCarthy.
I think Paul Ryan would make a great speaker. And people like him are the kinds of people that we need.
The people still get to choose whether they want to support conservatives or if they want to support Mr. Trump, whose record is not conservative.
My own wife is from the Philippines and came here legally to this country, and there are a lot of people that want to be part of this nation, and I want them to be part of this nation.
My smile will always be broken, but I'll always be grateful for the chance to get to do what I get to do.
Once in a while, a person finds his humanity in a way that astounds his contemporaries.
Either the Obamacare is a dead letter, or the origination clause is; we can't have both.
The comment that I've made is that if unaccompanied minors can cross the border, then certainly trained terrorists probably can, too.
If we have to do enhanced interrogation on terrorists, then I can live with that.
I so respect Sen. McCain's service to this country, and no one certainly knows more about torture than he does, and so I recognize that.
The American public should know that the Senate report actually reveals that 82% of detainees subjected to enhanced interrogation did, in fact, produce intelligence that saved American lives.
It's a strong country, but Mr. Obama seems to be doing everything he can to hold it back.
Paul Ryan, along with Daniel Webster, is a totally, deeply revered and respected individual in this Congress. And I love both of them. Both of them would have made good speakers. Both of them would make a good pallbearer for a man like me. They're that dear to me.
On the Republican Party platform and the major issues of the Republican Party, Charlie Dent is significantly removed from those foundational principles in his voting record.
We have to defeat them on the battlefield and in the marketplace of ideals. And PBS, I believe, owed the nation the chance to hear the moderate Muslim voices who decry terrorism and Jihadism, and they didn't give them that chance, and that's a terrible thing.
Obviously, there's always a battle over philosophical leanings and persuasions, but the bottom line here is that Americans need to understand that this is an ideology in jihadist terrorism that is dangerous beyond words, and we need the moderate Muslim voices to be heard here if this is to be diminished in Islam itself.
