Hungarian,Politician
Concerning Poland, I can only say that the peoples of Central Europe and Hungary are a community in fate, to the death. Many of us would spill our blood for Poland any time. And vice versa: in an emergency, many Polish people would give his life to protect Hungarians. This has happened more than once over the course of history.
We should involve the whole world in the handling of this refugee crisis.
The best migrant is the migrant who does not come.
There is a clear link between illegal migrants coming to Europe and the spread of terrorism.
Xenophobia is dangerous, but patriotism is a good thing.
It would be a sad story to get rid of religious belief, national identity, family, and even sexual identity. That's not freedom.
When a crowd rushes into your house without declaring its intention, it is, by definition, an invasion.
All the terrorists are basically migrants.
Hungarian communists were the most talented. They convinced everybody that reforming the communist party was better than making a new party.
Is it not worrying in itself that European Christianity is now barely able to keep Europe Christian? If we lose sight of this, the idea of Europe could become a minority interest in its own continent.
We have promised to support India in its international aspiration. We have agreed to set up a working group on technology.
We would be able to deal with Islam if we were allowed to deal with it in the way we think we should.
We cannot let Brussels put itself above the law.
If your budget is in good shape and you are not indebted too much, you can do what the U.S. did at the beginning of the '30s - building railways, etc., but when you don't have that, you must be far more cautious.
If Europe does not return to the path of common sense, it will find itself laid low in a battle for its fate.
We need to fight to prove to people that it is possible to form an E.U. migration policy that is in line with the Hungarian national interest.
I don't think that our European Union membership precludes us from building an illiberal new state based on national foundations.
The strongest institution in the hands of the European Union is the euro.
Turkey is a safe country. Stay there.
Movement of people is taking place on an immense scale, and from a European perspective, the number of potential future immigrants seems limitless.
Europe and European identity is rooted in Christianity.
An important notion in Indian political thought that is of great value to Hungary is the idea of peaceful development.
As the world undergoes a major transformation, it's the time of significant opportunity and also threat.
We are looking for rebuilding Hungarian defence Industry with India's participation.
We will not import crime, terrorism, homophobia, and a brand of anti-Semitism that sets synagogues ablaze.
We are not communists.
I belong to Helmut Kohl's political pupils.
President Erdogan has been my personal friend for a long time.
It is our historical experience, that Hungary can only live in wealth and safety if Berlin, Moscow, and Ankara are on our side and also interested in our success - even if we do not always agree on certain questions.
There are so many problems in the E.U. that several countries are warming up to the idea that after the single currency, a deeper integration could also be created.
The death penalty question should be put on the agenda in Hungary.
Hungary will stop at nothing when it comes to protecting its citizens.
To be clear and unequivocal, I can say that Islamisation is constitutionally banned in Hungary.
Liberal democratic states can't remain globally competitive.
The point of the future is that anything can happen.
On the taxing of banks, we have to find the level at which they squeal but still pay and open up the next day.
Brussels' stance against Poland is not just... they should give more respect to the Poles.
These activists who support immigrants inadvertently become part of this international human-smuggling network.
The Hungarian people voted for NATO membership. We are active in the joint actions of NATO.
Hungary was the only Central European country that was not able to create a new constitution after the collapse of the communist regime.
Life starts at conception and must be protected from the first moment.
In Hungary, if homosexuals would like to live together, they can do so under the civil code. But what we call marriage is exclusively for one man and one woman. We are a Christian country. That's a historical fact.
Boxing is a noble sport.
Values are more important than money.
What sort of Europe do we want to have? Parallel societies? Muslim communities living together with the Christian community?
Take seriously the traditions, the Christian roots, and all the values that are the basis of the civilisation of Europe.
Europe can be saved.
We interpret our agreement with the IMF - our participation in the IMF's system of cooperation - as a borrowing agreement. The IMF sees it as an economic policy agreement. This is not in our interest.
The Hungarian interest is that, if necessary, we should make loan agreements with the IMF on a regular basis.
It is not in our interest to sign economic policy agreements with the IMF, as that unnecessarily limits the room to manoeuvre of... the Hungarian government, Hungarian parliament and lawmakers.
We are protecting Europe according to European rules that say borders can be crossed only in certain areas in a controlled way and after registration.
If Europe's outer border is not blocked off, it makes no sense to speak of quotas.
When we have sealed the outer border and thus stopped the illegal migration, we can talk about any solution.
Extremism is always potentially dangerous, but in Hungary's political reality, Jobbik and the other far-right parties have no chance of having a major influence.
With a successful center-right party such as ours, it is hard for the radical right to find room to operate. This is why they repeatedly attack us in the ugliest manner. They attack us more than they attack the Jewish community or the 'Jewish conspiracy' - which they believe exists. I am one of their main targets.
The Hungarians, by nature, are not extreme. They become more extreme only when they are forced to fight for their freedom, as was in the case in the uprising against the communists in 1956 or the revolution against the Austrian Empire. They will not turn extreme in the name of despotism.
My lesson from history is that if there is a strong moderate centrist party which can lead the country, there is no room for extremists from the right or left.
The foreign policy of the Democrats is bad for Europe and deadly for Hungary. In contrast, the foreign policy of the Republicans and proclaimed by presidential candidate Trump is good for Europe and means life for Hungary.
Hungary is against the export of democracy and opposes migration.
We must first and foremost defend Hungary's independence and sovereignty, and, if needed, we must regain it.
'I can't get no satisfaction,' in political terms, has haunted Hungarian politics for 20 years.
We must defend what we have achieved so far.
The future or the past - It's very simple: building the future, or a restoration of post-communism.
We can set it as a goal that taxes on labor would be even lower in Hungary... that we will have the cheapest energy in Europe, and that all those who want to work would have a job.
We think that without cooperation with the Russians, we cannot achieve our goals.
We are convinced that locking Russia out of Europe is not rational.
Whoever thinks... that the European economy can be competitive without economic cooperation with Russia, whoever thinks that energy security can exist in Europe without the energy that comes from Russia, is chasing ghosts.
Hungary needs Russia.
Many people in Hungary acted shamefully during World War II.
Hungary has a moral debt to the Jews that it helped send to death camps thirty years after the First World War.
We have to abandon liberal methods and principles of organizing a society.
Selecting Budapest would not only be a new city and country for the Olympic Games, but put the region on the map. We want to organise the first Central Eastern Europe Olympics.
