American,Actress
I was training more learning how to scuba dive which I'd never done which was really, really, really cool.
Everyone checks out my mom. My mom's hot.
For some reason when I write in cursive, it's easier and flows better for me to read that when I print.
I got his initials tattooed on the back of my neck, you know, since we both now have the same initials.
I have a hard time retaining the lines. Even on set I make mistakes but I'm okay with that.
I learned Tae Kwon Do and gymnastics and I have a trainer.
I love doing action.
I started walking at night with my sister in law which has been amazing. It really does something for you. It just kind of clears the mind, it just makes you feel better, things start to tighten a little bit.
I think my first bikini, I was four and it was polka dotted and I had a big belly and I looked dashing.
I was very active but I was dyslexic and had a really hard time at school.
I worked with her on the second season of Dark Angel in Vancouver, one of my first real jobs.
I've always been a good kid.
It's good to always do some sort of exercise.
Like when I had long hair, you kind of got male attention from everything. But when you had short hair, it was a different kind of man that was attracted to you or I found coming up.
My favorite part is the preparation because you read on the page, you get this character.
My tattoo is a phoenix. I got the first when I was 16. I hid it for years.
Not being a comic book fan, being thrown into that and seeing the extreme - it's taken very seriously. So I tried to do as much learning as I could about it so I wasn't mean or anything.
Right now I'm working on the back handspring.
Watching Jaws just scared the living daylights out of me when I was young. I know a lot of people my age who are still petrified of sharks because of that film.
We had doubles for some of the stuff but a lot of it had to do with there's certain hours that you can dive and then you can't dive for another certain, like 12 hours just for the air and stuff.
We had our first earthquake over here recently. That was a bizarre feeling. I just became disoriented and I remember my dad freaking out. Nothing broke or anything.
What's funny is my husband doesn't have any tattoos at all, so he must be the very conservative one.
You know what, we're very skinny in our family.
