American,Actress
I'm still a big 'Grey's Anatomy' fan.
I'd love to go back to Broadway; I'd love to do animation; I'd love to do hair and make-up campaigns because I love hair and makeup - and, I'd love to do film. I mean, there are a lot of doors I'd love to open up!
The majority of women in America look like me.
Look at all the magazines: There's always 10 ways to be better at something.
You put your heart and soul into something, and you really hope that people love it as much as you do.
Georgia has some really tough allergies.
I haven't seen one second of any episode of 'Lost,' ever.
There are so few representations of women that look remotely real in scripted television.
I like the idea of love standing the test of time and circumstances.
I'd love to go back to Broadway if there was a place for me there. I would absolutely go back; it's just a part of me.
I don't have a permanent place where I live. I'm in Atlanta about six or seven months out of the year. I gave up on my place in New York. I don't have a place in L.A., but sometimes when I go there for the hiatus, I stay in temporary housing. It's all over the place, and I don't know where I live!
Ty Burrell could be one of the funniest people on the planet. I'd love to meet him.
I need to learn to be more assertive.
I usually work 16-hour days.
I try to get massages on Saturday. That's my only day off.
I crocheted a blanket larger than a king-size bed. I just kept going.
Whatever happened to a good pie-in-the-face joke?
I think a lot of times we're so told in our world that marriage is everything, and having a partner is everything. If you look at our movies and things, it's all directed around that love, and if you don't have that love, how sad you are.
Sometimes someone that is the 'villain' in your life, when you look deeper and you think of what their issues are and why they behave like that and where they came from - they become less of a villain and more of someone that you can understand.
I want to do voiceover for animation, so I am looking to do something along those lines. So, my agent is looking for something in that area, and I think that would be a lot of fun.
I love... Eskimo Joe's. I have tons of Eskimo Joe's clothes and cups in my house, 'cause I love Eskimo Joe's.
Friends confront each other sometimes, and sometimes the friendship lasts, and sometimes it doesn't.
In 'Robin Hood,' I did quarterstaff fighting.
I love Delta Burke!
I majored in musical theatre performance at college, then went through years of waiting tables and temping while looking for acting work.
I believe that all things are possible under God.
