American,Actress
My favorite thing is to have a big dinner with friends and talk about life.
Well, first of all, I'm an incredibly gullible person - I'm so bad that when I said that to someone, my friend said, 'You know, 'gullible' isn't even in the dictionary.' And I said, 'Really?' As I was saying 'Really?' I will acknowledge that I then realized what was happening, but that's how bad I am.
When a sports movie really works, it gets you on all levels, because the stakes are high. It's black and white. It's win or lose.
We are all multidimensional and kind of have dual personalities. Everyone puts on different roles depending on what circumstances they're in without even noticing that they do that.
I find often in Hollywood there are many people who play themselves really beautifully. And certain parts are not that dissimilar from who you are as a person.
You know, I used to be made fun of as a kid for being really articulate; it was sort of like a strange thing.
Yeah, I guess I'm not a particularly religious person, but I do really believe strongly that we all need to believe in something, and that's very personal to each one of us.
I love doing serious movies for adults.
Unfortunately, 'chick flick' has become a term to describe most movies that I don't even like. They're these movies that, yes, have women in them but they really don't reflect who women are, and there's something kind of silly or shallow or gossipy about them.
I think when I first started acting there were different people who I thought, 'I want that person's career or that person's career.' And as time has gone on, it's become really clear to me what is important to me; getting the best roles, the roles that I feel are challenging and scary and that I haven't done yet.
'Sucker Punch' is a big girl power movie.
I feel like I'm the only person - or woman, at least - who hasn't read 'Fifty Shades of Grey.'
It's not often that the idea of continuing something for a potentially long period of time sounds exciting to me, because I really am a gypsy by nature.
One of the things I really love about TV is this symbiotic relationship you can get between the writers and the actors, and the characters start to come to life because you start to collaborate.
My father and my mother separated when I was two.
Personally, just as an actor, I love accents; they're fun.
I think you always have to go as an artist with instinct, I really do.
I kind of knew it wasn't going to be until my 30s that I really hit my stride as an actor.
My tendency as an actor is, when there's a certain energy, I feel a challenge to match it, to come up to that plate and play on the same level.
I think that there's a tendency for actors who play strong women to have them take on all the worst characteristics of men, to become cold and detached and hardened.
I generally make a sort of playlist for my iPod for whatever project I'm doing.
I think I'm always trying to subvert conventions, and sometimes it's more successful than others.
It is odd there are many movies with many men. But generally movies have one woman, or maybe the older woman and the younger girl.
I always had challenges when I was younger, because I looked so young but sounded older.
I'll always take an artistic endeavor over a career move.
I'm intrigued by films that have a singular vision behind them. A lot of studio movies have ten writers by the time they're done. You have a movie testing 200 times, making adjustments according to various people's opinions. It's difficult to have an undistilled vision.
