Welsh,Actress
Being glamorous is about strength and confidence. It's black and white - dramatic. You have to be strong.
For marriage to be a success, every woman and every man should have her and his own bathroom. The end.
I find this wave of super-skinny women scary. I'm not going to lie to you, I've got to drag myself down to the gym like everybody else. But I look at the red carpet sometimes and it's like a pageant.
I get a bit gloomy when it's gloomy.
I like women who look like women. I hated grunge. No one's more feminist than me, but you don't have to look as if you don't give a - you know. You can be smart, bright, and attractive aesthetically to others - and to yourself.
I'm not the kind of person who likes to shout out my personal issues from the rooftops, but with my bipolar becoming public, I hope fellow sufferers will know it's completely controllable. I hope I can help remove any stigma attached to it, and that those who don't have it under control will seek help with all that is available to treat it.
I may be the first actress to admit that beauty doesn't hold you back. I think beauty is a gift that you have to make the most of. I've worked hard at trying to look my best.
I try and stay positive; being negative isn't good for my personality. I don't just bring myself down, I bring everyone around me down. It's like a dark cloud, 'Uh oh, here we go,' and have to snap out of it.
I wish I was born in that era: dancing with Fred Astaire and Gene Kelly, going to work at the studio dressed in beautiful pants, head scarves, and sunglasses.
I do condition my hair with honey and beer. I smell like the bottom of a beer barrel for days afterwards, but it's very good for the hair.
I don't have a trainer. Crazy, right? But I don't need anyone to motivate me. I love exercise, even things like the elliptical and stretching.
Words impress me. If a man can speak eloquently and beautifully to me, I just melt on the floor.
In Wales it's brilliant. I go to the pub and see everybody who I went to school with. And everybody goes 'So what you doing now?' And I go, 'Oh, I'm doing a film with Antonio Banderas and Anthony Hopkins.' And they go, 'Ooh, good.' And that's it.
After Zorro, people spoke Spanish to me for ages. I'm Welsh but that movie instantly gave me a new ethnicity.
Everyone knows we get paid a lot of money, so why pretend otherwise?
I do think I'm lucky I met Michael. Not just Michael Douglas the actor and producer with two Oscars on the shelf, but Michael Douglas, the love of my life. I really do think it was meant to happen.
I buy shoes sometimes and use them as bookends. They're too beautiful to wear.
I like 'Zorro.' I like people you can believe that don't have those stupid powers. That is the beauty of Zorro. He's just a guy working for the people, to save the people.
It's true, I don't like the whole cutoff-shorts-and-T-shirt look, but I think you can look fantastic in casual clothes.
I was really hyperactive as a kid and no one knew how or where I got all this energy.
When you are 20, 40 looks really old. When I was nearing 30, that seemed like a major milestone.
I do a lot of swimming, both in the ocean and in the pool.
To make it more familiar to me, I ended up treating my swordplay scenes like choreography. So it was, 'One and two and three and four and five, and turn and step and down and up and lunge.'
I grew up in a small, strictly-Catholic fishing village on the coast of Wales. The people there have a different attitude to life than those in Hollywood - people stick together more.
I don't deny myself food. I'm no saint. I love butter and cream, but I also eat lots of grains and fruits.
When I first met Sean Connery he was as charming and wonderful as I first anticipated. I left Rome thinking: even if I don't do this, at least I have had a day with Sean.
I don't know, 'Zorro' was just so great for me because, knowing where I came from, everyone spoke Spanish to me, like, forever after that. And I'm, like, from Wales.
I love 'The War Of The Roses,' especially as my husband is in it! I've often said to him it would be great to remake that with me and him in it, because then we could really get down to some serious business.
I'm obsessed with hula-hooping. I do it for 20 minutes a day. I don't use the old-fashioned hollow plastic kind we had when we were kids, but I discovered a new one at Danskin that's smaller and weighted.
I'm quite a broad girl, not at all delicate. I watch what I eat to stay in shape, but I'm against diets. I eat when I'm hungry, three meals a day.
If I'm going to leave my family for any length of time, it had better be for a role that I haven't played before, with great people. It had better be fun.
We recently had an extension built, to house a closet. It's like the Tardis - I go in there and never come out.
I eat like a horse - my mother still brings me Cadbury's chocolate from Britain; I do have a very healthy appetite - but I work out.
I'm more insecure than I ever let anyone know; sometimes you protect yourself with this kind of armor that people see more than they see you.
I didn't even think about movies where I came from. I wanted to be on the stage.
I have siblings. And there are certain things I know that I can push their buttons. And they know they have certain things where they can push mine.
I think that the more success you have as an actor, I think, the greatest advantage of being successful as an actor or being in this business is that you have the chance to pick and choose, or you have people coming to you with a much more different variety of roles.
I had - along with my singing and dancing, I was very happy to be born in the hometown of Dylan Thomas. So the government was financing dramatic groups and amateur dramatics and stuff like that.
Motherhood to me is something that I always wanted, but never quite knew how it was going to happen.
