American,Actress
My first job was in sixth grade, sweeping the clay tennis courts at the yacht club near my house, which I was not a member of. Always had to pay my own rent. But I don't really have any concept of how money works. I don't know how much things cost. Like a BMW. Or a quart of milk. It's embarrassing.
It's like you always have to put on a happy face, be the phony baloney, and I'm so not that. I never was that; I'll never be that. That is part of the business that I don't like. Maybe that will always keep me an outsider, I don't know. But that's fine.
If I'm feeling down in the dumps, or like I need a pop of colour, I'll put on MAC's Lipstick in Lady Danger. I discovered red lipstick when I did the Oscar season: Chanel sent me one and I realised how classic and glamorous it can be.
I've been texting for a year with a couple of guys without ever going on a date with them.
There'll always be that prep in me that I can't seem to get rid of.
My room was a real way of expressing myself. It was like a little nest that I could settle into.
I hate going to fashion shows. I find them boring.
I always like my trailer or hotel room to have fresh flowers or pillows I find at a local flea market - anything to personalize the environment.
I want a guy who is masculine, good with his hands and able to build stuff and who has survival skills. Facial hair is a big turn-on. Most of the kids I hang out with in New York are hipster arty types, but I like a stronger, more physically imposing man - like a lumberjack.
The other day I got a text from a boy, but it wasn't hot. I mean, if you're going to text me every day, you haven't seen me for months and you're trying to seduce me, you'd better spice up that text and make it more exciting than 'How was your day? I hope you're having a beautiful one.' Sadly, I haven't been doing a lot of kissing lately.
I was very troubled, yes. Me and my brother both - we were troubled and troublemakers.
I'm a sucker for packaging!
I'm more conservative with make-up. My everyday look is a bit of concealer with lots and lots of mascara.
I'd like to find someone to procreate with - as sexy as that sounds. If you're out and about and fit the description, come up and say hi. I won't bite. Well, maybe a little, if you're lucky.
I am most proud of my integrity and least proud of my cynicism.
I don't like to read about myself, whether it be positive or negative.
In Hollywood, you can't say anything bad about anybody or everyone is going to attack you. It's like you always have to put on a happy face, be the phony baloney, and I'm so not that. I never was that; I'll never be that. That is part of the business that I don't like.
I've been an outsider all my life - I don't care.
After having done this whole slew of press for 'Big Love', now I'll have anxiety dreams for like a week and a half about all the stupid things I said. I can't even imagine being in front of the cameras all the time. I had a weird dream the other night that I was on 'Jersey Shore.'
It's a great thing, for someone to feel that they can draw inspiration from you.
I have the insecurities of any actress, I suppose of any woman. Even the most beautiful ones feel unhappy. Look at Bardot: she was suicidal. But I like to play with the camera. I like to ham it up.
I know who I am by now. And I am my own brand.
I save all my problems for my mother.
When I was younger, I was really anti-Hollywood. Now I'm more accepting of it because I'm less of a snob.
I feel like we were the last generation, and there's this big divide before and after the 1990s. I feel sorry for the kids today. It's all too much.
If I could edit Google Images, then I wouldn't be as scared of the Internet.
My mum's advice is never to whine to my friends, so they never see the other side of me. I save all my problems for my mother.
I think once you're past 30 you shouldn't wear a lot of glitter.
The anxiety does crawl up. The other night I was having panic attacks: 'Oh, my God, what's going to happen to me? Am I ever going to have another job?'
Even having to do the amount of press that I have to do is dreadful and gives me so much anxiety. After having done this whole slew of press for 'Big Love', now I'll have anxiety dreams for like a week and a half about all the stupid things I said.
I had a weird dream the other night that I was on 'Jersey Shore.'
The media loves negative spin.
I'm kind of intimidated by the big screen - I often keep my performances much smaller and much more natural and subtle.
I think it's just a lot more pressure to make the scenes work when you're doing a film, because when you're doing a series you feel like, I have so many scenes, so many episodes, so if I don't get it exactly right this time, I have another scene later. You feel less pressure.
Sadly, I haven't been doing a lot of kissing lately.
The umlaut isn't on my birth certificate. I had this book as a child called Chloe and Maude, and there was an umlaut on the e, and I said, I want that! It's a little flair. Just to confuse people even more.
People always come up to me and say, Oh, you're Chloe Se-VIG-ny, right? Sevigny. Number seven, letter e.
The first time I went to therapy, I had to stop going because they were making me hate my parents.
I'm definitely a lash girl. I feel they are my best feature. I have tried lots of mascaras. I was drawn to Lancome Doll Lashes recently. Not only because of the name, but it smells like roses! I usually add a few coats of it for a night out.
I refrain from lots of things I love, like cheese and carbs. I eat plenty of greens every day, my favorite being watercress.
I do a dance-based cardio workout infused with circuit training, and emphasizing strength and alignment.
I find most men don't like a lot of makeup.
