Canadian,Actress
Just do your best. I find that if I set that goal for myself and no one else, I feel good.
In my early twenties, I had no idea who I was. And I think that's one reason you should try different relationships. I've had good and bad ones, but I took away things from them that helped me become who I am.
I wanted to be a marine biologist my whole life until I graduated high school. And even now, I'm still like, 'Maybe I'll just quit the biz and go to Santa Cruz and study marine biology and have my own research center in the Bahamas.' Yeah, I'm sure it would be just that smooth.
I would really love to sit with Kathryn Hepburn because I find her so interesting.
What's more awkward than doing a shower scene? Rehearsing a shower scene.
I wanted to be a marine biologist my whole life until I graduated high school.
I love macaroni and cheese. I could eat it every meal of the day.
One of the great things about turning 30 is figuring out how to dress comfortably and still look good.
I've worn stilettos since I was 12, so I have abused my feet to the point of no return.
I do Pilates because it's important for me to have a healthy back when I'm 70 so I'm not hunched over and in pain.
Before I did 'How I Met Your Mother,' I was not considered a comedic actress.
Kindness is something that I feel is leaving us a little bit - people are getting more self-involved.
I love macaroni and cheese. I could eat it every meal of the day. It used to be sushi, but these days I cannot stop eating mac and cheese. I haven't had it from a box in a long time, but I'll make it homemade style with four types of cheeses, lots of milk, maybe a little ketchup. I don't know, I'm crazy like that.
I'm a big fan of a lot of graphic novels - 'Fables,' 'Y: The Last Man' and 'The Walking Dead,' which I like a lot more.
There's something cool about traveling when you're young. There's a sense of camaraderie. You learn more about yourself.
I do Pilates because it's important for me to have a healthy back when I'm 70 so I'm not hunched over and in pain. That's more important to me than being thin.
When I want to relax, I plop down on my couch and watch some great movie, usually a British drama - anything with Colin Firth.
Secretly, or maybe not so secretly, I've always wanted to be a rock star.
There's something that feels more organic about watching a stunt that's done by you. There's also a feeling of accomplishment doing it yourself.
Models need to be unionized.
I have so many single girlfriends who fit themselves into the mold of what they think a guy's looking for. But being comfortable around men is about being comfortable with yourself. They gravitate toward confidence. Really, that is what they want to be around.
