American,Actress
Motherhood is the only thing in my life that I've really known for sure is something I wanted to do.
While I don't often use the word, the technically precise term for my orientation is bisexual. I believe bisexuality is not a choice, it is a fact. What I have 'chosen' is to be in a gay relationship.
I love spicy food.
In terms of sexual orientation I don't really feel I've changed. I don't feel there was a hidden part of my sexuality that I wasn't aware of. I'd been with men all my life, and I'd never fallen in love with a woman. But when I did, it didn't seem so strange.
I've seen wonderful stay-at-home moms and moms who could use a little improving.
I do tend to be an analyzer. I'm an old English major from way back, so I do have fun tearing apart texts and trying to find the hidden secrets and the subtexts in there.
I am heat obsessed. I crave the heat in my bedroom.
Your good friend has just taken a piece of cake out of the garbage and eaten it. You will probably need this information when you check me into the Betty Crocker Clinic.
I feel that between my experience and my mother's, breast cancer is a little bit like someone who lives next door. I know what that person looks like and what their daily habits are.
A couple of hanging glands have nothing to do with making someone a man.
I don't have Steve. There is no having the Steve.
I think women still want to be married. But I don't think they'll do anything to get married anymore.
My private life is private. But at the same time, I have nothing to hide. So what I will say is that I am very happy.
I always like to start my morning with a good amount of fruit. I really like pineapple, particularly because of the enzymes that it has. Sometimes I have oatmeal. But if I'm feeling like I really want to be watching my weight more, then I definitely do a protein, like an omelet, scrambled eggs or some smoked salmon.
What I do for exercise sort of depends on what's happening in the rest of my life.
I think my least healthy habit is running around too much. And I think I'm getting better about it as I'm getting older.
I'm a total theater junkie - whether I'm working on a stage or sitting in a seat. I am always looking for a great play and a great part to do.
I love a warm bath at the end of a day.
If you make the decision to send your kid to public school don't even look at private schools. Just shut the door. Just turn off the TV. And then you don't even have to worry about preschool. You have to worry about what's good for your kid, but you don't have to worry about how to position yourself.
In a school where everyone is famous or rich or whatever, you have a culture, 'What does your dad do?' 'What does your mom do?'
I never felt like there was an unconscious part of me around that woke up or that came out of the closet; there wasn't a struggle, there wasn't an attempt to suppress.
I met this woman, I fell in love with her, and I'm a public figure.
Nobody ever really thought of me as sexy, right? They thought of me as smart and quirky.
Most child actors, once they hit 18, once they hit 21, that's it. Even teenage kids often don't make the transition.
Unlike me, a lot of child actors are very short, which is why they work. So when they're 15 they can play 11 or when they're 18 they can play 14. They look young for so long, they have abilities a much younger kid wouldn't have.
I'm just a woman in love with another woman.
Abortion is a hard thing for Hollywood to deal with because it is so controversial and you don't want to alienate half your audience by sending one message or the other.
I'm fairly out of the loop when it comes to pop culture.
My private life is private.
I'm a very big public school advocate.
I am always looking for a great play and a great part to do.
My mother has battled breast cancer three times.
I didn't have chemo.
I'm an old English major from way back, so I do have fun tearing apart texts and trying to find the hidden secrets and the subtexts in there.
Some friends of mine who are actors feel directing shuts them down and kills all their impulses, but the worst thing for me is if I feel a director hasn't noticed.
