American,Actress
I'm tired of defending my character. I am what I am. What you see is what you get.
I'm tired of defending my character. I am what I am.
I wanted this to have as wide an audience as possible. I didn't want to get an X rating, because in my opinion once that happens you X-out everyone else.
I'd hopefully work through all my issues with men first so then I'd be okay being with a woman.
I've learned through experience that life is never that bad. The secret is just paying attention to how you feel and not letting anyone else dictate what in your heart you know is right.
With women and women, I think there's an understanding. Nobody knows what a woman feels or experiences but another woman. We are the nurturers, and there are times when we need to be nurtured.
I'm okay in my skin, you know... I'm okay with who I am.
In my opinion it's not about gay or straight or bi, we're attracted to spirits, whatever body they're in. There are other reasons too, but that's how I see it.
I think the whole nerves thing comes into play when we worry about what other people and society will think.
I'm open-minded. I don't consider myself gay or hetero, I just am. I've had experiences all over the planet but it always comes down to just me, but I think at this point if I had an ongoing relationship I believe it would be with a man.
If it feels right and I'm not going against any energy in myself or the situation, there would be no limit.
I like to go with the energy because when you ignore it that's when you start doing things wrong.
I've got to be honest, there's no pleasure when you're working.
People have an awful lot of problems that society has put on them and a lot to work through because of it.
Growing up, all I did was work and vacation, but I loved it, no one pushed me into anything. The thing was I developed no special skills. I don't have any resentment because I am a performer and I've always felt that, but it did take its toll socially.
All that money stuff was so strange; all it ever meant to me was freedom from worry. I'm happier now than I've ever been but I still wish I had that money.
I'm learning to play by the rules. I sort of hate to think of it that way, but that's how it is. I'm really learning to function out there and in such a way that I don't need to drink.
Nobody knows what a woman feels or experiences but another woman. We are the nurturers and there are times when we need to be nurtured.
I have been sober for the longest time. Oh, it's over a decade now. No joke.
