American,Actress
You never stop learning. If you have a teacher, you never stop being a student.
Better to just be real. Show up and do your job and be a nice person.
You've got to clock the hours and pay your dues. Then eventually, people will come to you. You have to be patient and appreciative.
When you fall head over heels for someone, you're not falling in love with who they are as a person; you're falling in love with your idea of love.
Dick Wolf was my first boss after coming out of Sarah Lawrence.
I always wanted the fairy tale, but now I want someone who is a great partner.
I don't think people were betting on me, but they were giving me a chance. I think I rode a wave there, by being different in appearance than the girls who preceded me.
I got out of college in 1997, and TV embraced me very quickly.
I had a soap opera, and my next job was working with Kyle McLachlan on The Invisible Man.
I have a lot of courage. I'm a realist.
I needed to move, but I haven't had the time to find a place to go.
I stuck out like a sore thumb when I came on, just by the fact that I looked so different. I think that adjustment for the audience was a hurdle for me.
I try to watch the show every week and improve upon myself. I've become a fan.
I was very excited about the idea that I could be an idealist, that I could be my age, the eager beaver who had hope in the justice system and the one who gets disappointed just like the audience.
I would love for TNT to run the whole season at one point. I don't think that'll ever happen, though.
I'm a great fan of Carey Lowell's and I loved Jill Hennessey.
I'm a straight shooter, a New York City girl. I see things as they are and call them as they are.
I've grown as a person. The dynamics on this set are very demanding because we work a lot of hours, it's very sad material, so there's always someone upset because it's really heavy stuff.
I've grown up so much here. It's been two years. I've become a woman here, I've become an actress here.
It would probably break my heart to hear that people didn't like me. I don't look on the Internet.
It's really nice to pass the ball when you're in an ensemble cast.
Life came in and put me in front of the camera before I could really make a decision, but I think I probably would have gravitated to film.
That difficult place to put your finger on about the world - it needs to be illustrated.
The business is a very tricky obstacle course, and you should be very clear about work begetting work. If you're not working, you're not interesting.
What made me fall in love with acting, which is my life, was watching other people perform. It made me hunger to do that.
