American,Actress
In some ways, I missed my era because I'm big and messy and have big feelings and take up space on a stage rather than being diminutive and childlike in my woman-ness.
If you can see it, you can be it. And I believe in that.
I see artists as the first responders. And when the proverbial crap hits the fan, we are there to be of service, to tell the story, to bring a balm, to soothe, to provide catharsis. You know, not to make our work any more important or less important, but just that there is a great importance to it.
I never had any preconceived ideas about acting, because I always thought I was going to be a visual artist.
When I finished high school, I didn't have much direction - I was a Deadhead kid who ended up bumming around London seeing a lot of theater. That's where I saw the performance that made me want to act: Vanessa Redgrave doing 'A Touch of the Poet.'
My God, I have so much bounty in my life.
I'm dying for people to let me be funny!
I think being a mom changed me, and now it's not just about what I want to do and what's sort of interesting, but what I absolutely have to do.
If I'm asking people to give me two hours of their time, it's because I really feel like they need to listen to what the writer is talking about.
When I was nursing my son, you're up all the time during the first year, and you're sort of brain dead. So I'd find myself watching Turner Classic Movies at odd hours.
I love seeing people in their mess. I find that heartwarming. Charm just doesn't interest me. If I want to see charming people, I can watch TV.
Trying to find a way to represent something that is truly frightening on stage is a fascinating challenge.
Whenever I approach any character, I try to find examples to draw upon.
As an actress, you have to be very naive.
I've been told I'm bright. But when I act, I get incredibly stupid. I feel my intellect slowing down. I feel it happening physically. And that's not negative in acting!
There comes a point in any project where you have to say - whether you like or understand the character, or the whole play for that matter - 'I believe!'
There are lots of rats. It's a dirty little secret at the Delacorte Theatre.
If someone can make money from you, you can do more things, and eventually, you can do things you come up with.
I think every actor has those performances they've seen, the person who made them realize that's what they wanted to do.
I was a spooky kid; that was just my nature.
Tim Burton is an artist who has had a huge influence on me. I definitely share his sensibility. It's a joyful approach to darkness.
When I work onstage, I want to play roles that have real, deep theatricality, that aren't the sort you would easily see on television and in the movies.
The audience has its own gestalt, and it becomes another character - a character that changes each night.
I've been around the block.
I'm not familiar with an unaccepting family. But in my profession, nothing can be foreign.
We have to be able to use our imaginations to make the character's experiences real to us.
OK, so I'm a working mom that also gets to kiss George Clooney. That's a little bit of a perk of the job.
