Actress
Spending time outdoors makes you feel great.
We all need to relax more, but I don't find it easy.
Nothing irritates me more than chronic laziness in others. Mind you, it's only mental sloth I object to. Physical sloth can be heavenly.
Getting as much sleep as possible and following a healthy diet will stop you from feeling run-down if, like me, you're super-stressed.
I love moving. I love new houses. I'm always looking for somewhere else.
It's very hard to get the dynamics where two people can stimulate each other and be happy.
I love to see other women in pink. It's good for every shade of skin and hair.
I'm not going to launch a bikini business and then give up bikinis, am I?
A bit of lusting after someone does wonders for the skin.
I've always wanted to be a spy, and frankly I'm a little surprised that British intelligence has never approached me.
I certainly don't want a child of mine to be famous, or anyone I was very close to who isn't yet... It's the worst thing to be trapped in your house not be able to leave.
I would seriously question whether anybody is really foolish enough to really say what they mean. Sometimes I think that civilization as we know it would kind of break down if we all were completely honest.
I'd kill myself if I was as fat as Marilyn Monroe.
Being English, I always laugh at anything to do with the lavatory or bottoms.
I keep getting these extraordinary letteres, really weird ones from American sports stars - I've always thought you were one pretty lady and now that you're single I want to meet you for a drink.
I was completely loyal and faithful to Stephen throughout this time as, indeed, he assured me he was to me.
The only meal I have is dinner.
In America uniformed cops eat in coffee shops, diners and restaurants and I always feel safer having them around.
It took me six years to be comfortable modeling a swimsuit.
I'm pretty nice. I'm far from an ax murderer. I've never been mean to anyone in my life.
What I really, really want to do is pre-packaged meals. Fabulous versions that are delicious, healthy, not too expensive and very low in fat. So, that's my big dream, because there's a massive hole in the market for that.
I think, if you were being cruel to animals, then the thought of eating them would be horrific.
I feel like a semi-single mum.
It's definitely part of my job description not to be too fat.
I'm very attracted to Indians.
I am a terrible mixture of being organized, controlling, but chaotic. My desk is monstrous.
