American,Actress
The thing to do is to build a fortress within yourself.
So many people accept the negative. They are constantly blinded by that negative thing.
Stole my first name from 'Evening in Paris' and the second from Elizabeth Arden.
I don't have a Pollyana attitude toward life that claims everything is lovely.
I've always admired teachers for their patience and purpose in choosing their profession.
The better the teacher, the better the future of America.
I can't seem to say, 'You great big wonderful man, you,' without hamming it up somehow.
I'm finding writing very fascinating.
I knew my own mother had been in the theater for a while and had taught children, because she used to teach me the pieces that she taught them, but she did much more than that.
None of the characters I played was very close to me as a real person.
'Widow' is a word I never thought would describe me, but I had to learn to deal with that.
I've never cared for the character I generally played in films.
My friends will tell you that I'm a very mild person.
Everyone from Pullman porters to hostesses at swank New York parties will tell me they always watch 'Miss Brooks' on Friday night.
Our kids seldom even get to see a movie. When we go to a movie, it's an event - and we make it an event.
As for Hollywood children, their social life can get a little overboard, just like their parents can. Living in town, you attend so many functions.
In a sense, children who live on a farm become sophisticated, too - but about more important things.
I couldn't stand seeing myself on the screen.
In the theater, I could envision myself as wonderful because of the audience response to my lines.
I love making people laugh.
If I'm in a serious play, I often think to myself, 'I could make that line funny.'
I may not like the material, but I'm still a trouper.
You couldn't keep me out of the school plays, the song and dance skits.
I've worked with a lot of great, glamorous girls in movies and the theater. They would always give their last ounce to get where they wanted to be.
