Indian,Actress
I think even the most beautiful person looks stupid on Skype.
All people - African, European, American - worry about being different. But I've learned that the traits we'd rush to get rid of are the very ones that others desire. People always covet what they don't have. That's why we should look at ourselves every now and then and say, 'I'm proud of myself. I like the way I'm made.'
As the world's getting filled with temptations, we're getting a bit frivolous and a bit fickle.
I did not particularly enjoy modeling. I felt I was only utilizing 10 or 20 percent of my abilities. In India, it's just another job.
I'll never forget where I'm from. It's essential to remain humble and evolving.
I'd like to jump out of a plane. I have a fear of heights I'd like to face.
I keep saying I'm not at all famous in my own country, because people do not think I have done anything for India.
I always imagined that I would learn something each time that I would take to a new project, then I realized that each new project poses a completely different challenge.
I guess confidence is the only thing that I take from project to project, but I'm always open to learning everybody's style - the director, the actor I'm working with.
I tell you why I like Chanel so much: when I started off, no one wanted to give me clothes to wear. Absolutely no one! All the labels said, 'Who is she?' But Chanel believed in me from the very beginning.
I've learned to develop a thick skin, but you're bound to be affected when you read something bad about yourself in the paper and it's rubbed in your face over and over.
When a doctor is performing an operation, his mind cannot be somewhere else. And it's the same with actors. You have to commit yourself mind, body and soul to a project in order to do justice to it.
I'm glad I'm a strong person.
I feel like the history between Israel and Palestine has a lot in common with the history between India and Pakistan.
Anybody, anywhere in the world, all they want is to be free, to choose what they want to do without having someone tell them how to do it.
There's one disturbing notion throughout India that light skin is more attractive than dark.
When you doubt one thing about yourself, you start thinking there's also something wrong with your hair, your body, your clothes, your accent.
In L.A. you hear all these stories of people being filmed in their own homes through their windows. I think that is so scary.
I think it's important to be extremely proud of one's origins, especially when you are a foreign actress with ethnic features.
I am first and foremost an actress of Indian origin.
I love going into a country and just blending.
Having grown up in Bombay, from the day you're born, you have absolute freedom to choose who you want to be.
I'm a human being before anything else.
I actually didn't mind school, and I enjoyed university and college.
A lot of the younger Indian generation are either IT geniuses or doctors - the number of doctors I've seen in L.A. who are Indian is just crazy. So it is a very common thing. Or an accountant! That again is a very, very big thing.
If a cream can give you confidence then you really have to check your whole confidence department in the first place.
