American,Actress
I admire those people who hold on to their elegance in old age but I'd rather have fun.
It would be nice if I did have a good relationship with my family, and yes, part of me longs to have a mum and dad who love and accept me for who I am. But if they never do, it's OK.
I always wanted to be the pretty girl, but I thought I wasn't. When I started acting and getting pretty girl roles, I felt like I was just pretending, and nobody saw I was just this big nerd.
I want to be able to fly like a superhero. I won't be happy until I can fly across oceans and cities, saving people from being murdered.
There's always a side of me that goes, 'I'm just a nerd.' I never look at myself and say, 'I'm beautiful.' Like anyone else, I see the flaws. Guys don't do that as much as women. But you have to learn to appreciate and accept and love yourself as you are.
I guess you just feel like there's a whole story that's not being told in movies. You're only seeing the macho guy version of a story that from the woman's side, may be completely different.
Whenever I meet people who seem really sweet and unassuming, I kind of wonder about them.
I'd like to think I could do something great - a performance like Meryl Streep's in 'Sophie's Choice' - at some point in my life. At the same time, though, I don't want to put too much pressure on myself to be great.
I'd have made a terrible nun.
I'm a good Catholic girl in the way that Madonna is. In the sense that I'm not that good at all.
I practice transcendental meditation and there is a phase where you're meant to lift off the ground.
I watched movies and thought, 'I want to be in movies,' and wanted to be an actor.
I don't need to try so hard to be someone else.
There are less opportunities for women.
Gosh, it's so fun to do a movie where there's nothing dark happening in it.
I just try to take the best opportunities that I can get.
I wish that there were more female driven films, female-centric films being made.
There's not a lot of stories for women told by women in a very real, true voice.
It's good to be able to be a leading lady, to be a romantic lead, to play opposite people who are talented, and charismatic and stuff.
I think it might be nice to date someone not in the business.
To be honest, I feel like I think too much. So I like working out because it makes me kind of relax.
I like doing yoga. I do yoga three times a week and I do Pilates twice.
I think if you're an actor you kind of have to be willing to look stupid.
I think you have to be honest and not try to be somebody that you really aren't.
I try to get 11 or 12 hours of sleep a night. It sounds excessive but that's really what I need.
I work out a lot and I do yoga and I do Pilates and I'm kind of athletic. I've taken dance classes, but at the same point I'm just a total klutz.
I'm a big fan of moisturisers. Sometimes I'll just buy a night-time nourishing cream from The Body Shop, and sometimes I'll splurge on Creme de la Mer. I also love the Alba Botanica range.
I like clothes that make me feel good. My favourite designers include Michelle Jonas and Dolce & Gabbana. Their clothes make me feel as if I'm Sophia Loren - really womanly.
I think the Olsen twins' line, The Row, has some cool stuff. And I'm kind of obsessed with a clothing line called Stop Staring. It has a lot of vintage-type dresses that are retro '40s and '50s inspired.
