English,Actress
You collect people to take with you. Some people change, other people don't... it's wonderful because I've met some incredible friends.
I'm lucky in that I have close friends and family and my agent to advise me.
Seriously, I don't think there's any right way to do anything apart from if you're just being you; then it's a sincere situation.
You can tell when someone is putting on a role. If someone really believes in what they're saying, it's quite hard to find cracks.
I don't think anything's ever simple. Everyone's just trying to understand each other, and whether that's because you're in a relationship or because you're meeting their friends or because their meeting your brother or whatever it is, nothing like that is ever smooth running.
I do think 'All Is by My Side' is the type of film I'm the most happiest.
I love America a lot. I really do.
San Francisco, coolest place ever.
If I'm really honest, I'm not a huge fan of scary films.
I can scare myself like a pro.
I'm not a huge fan of scary movies, but I love doing them because your character arc gets condensed, and everything is elevated, and so you kind of have this amazing opportunity to go in many different places.
I do admit to being slightly in love with Christopher Walken.
I find the aristocratic parts of London so unattractive and angular; the architecture is so white and gated. But in New York, it's different - even uptown it's really grand, and there's no real segregation there. It's all mixed up.
With 'That Awkward Moment', you could argue I'm just playing the girlfriend of Zac Efron, but the director was such a creative force and let me make her my own. I loved being part of something that felt so relevant and fresh.
I love my real mom and dad; I love them both equally.
It's kind of funny, with all of the different outlets that come from acting that you could try, I would love to direct and kind of be involved in art direction, too.
I really love the '90s. I love the music from then for sure, and to go back to New York then would be a really wonderful thing.
If a role has been too one-dimensional, I have turned it down.
You have to think about what you want to do. There is nothing to say that you should study from the age of 20 to 23. I learnt more on a film set at 17 than in the classroom.
I love art, but not in a cliched, luvvie way.
I never personalize anything because I think that can be dangerous. For me, the best way is - this may sound pretentious - but it's to breathe the character and get into the psychology of it.
I still try to be a feminist in some tiny way.
It is a difficult one, as you get scripts where women are just objects.
There's a lot of interviews now where nobody seems to talk about anything. Like it's illegal. But it can be fun if you stay involved. Like most conversations.
'Fright Night' I can just about deal with. Because the original is such a 1980s extravaganza. Which is a good thing. Obviously. But something like 'The Others' or anything psychological: I'm no good with that. I don't like it when there's space for me to use my imagination.
My dad moved to London in his early 20s and didn't really go back. So the irony is I've spent lots and lots of time in Ireland, but not with my dad. I've shot films in Belfast, where he's from. And I've shot in Dun Laoghaire. Which is great. And I've shot in Dublin.
