American,Actress
I went through phases of odd hairstyles and tank top-over-tee outfits and stuff like that.
I really like the whole urban farming idea, because I grow my own produce in L.A., and I think it's great to teach people here in Manhattan so they can do the same.
I can loop my tongue into multiple rolls.
My first car was a BMW. A white BMW.
I have a scar on my forehead. I was three years old, jumping on the bed with my brothers, and I fell off and hit my head on the dresser and cut it open, went to the hospital, got stitches, came home, went back on the bed, jumped with my brothers, fell again, and reopened the stitches.
I wasn't scared of childbirth. I educated myself and did my fair share of research, and that made me feel a little more prepared.
Birth is really judgy, and people get really opinionated. Everyone's entitled to the experience they want.
Being pregnant is the most natural thing our bodies can do. Our grandparents did it without all these books, and they came out okay.
I watch 'The Bachelor'. It's one of those things where I always think if it didn't exist and it was on 'SNL,' we would think it would be a ridiculous, funny idea. But it actually exists... It's a glorious train wreck that I love to watch.
I think comedy I've learned is really just about relaxing and trusting yourself and allowing yourself to fail.
I think with drama, at least for me, my process, there's a lot of thought. I do a lot of back story. I listen to a lot of music. I'm very committed to a process when it comes to drama, but with comedy, I think it's really about letting loose.
I like being upbeat, positive, happy, enjoying family.
Gay marriage is absolutely something that I am in full support of and a big advocate of, and I think it's an important issue, but there's a reason that I don't talk about politics and why I'll never be in politics. I am not the person to ever do that.
I have something called exercise bulimia, which is where you rid of your calories by over-exercising.
I grew up pretty fast. I had more responsibility than most 9-year-olds, and I've always been independent.
My parents trust me.
I'm strong and spiritual, and I know that everything will work out for a reason.
I'm a boots girl. The most I've ever spent on clothing is a pair of Ralph Lauren boots that go over the knee but can also fold down.
I have never taken a road trip. Unless you count Los Angeles to Vegas.
I hate bugs.
I have been very fortunate, working a lot in TV, and have been able to dip into the film world a little bit here and there.
