American,Actress
I was a big fan of 'The Smurfs' growing up, even though by default - my mom used to force me to watch because she was a 'Smurfs' fan.
My husband calls me a ginger every single day of my life, so that I'm completely used to it, and I've come to see it as a term of endearment.
I was really across-the-board, like a nutcase. I had no idea what I wanted to do with my life, so I just did everything. I was even part of FHA, Future Homemakers of America. How lost was I?
I definitely know that I'm quirky. I know that I'm different. Red hair definitely made me different growing up.
I did work at a mall in college - I think retail/customer service is just one of the most hideous jobs in the world. So I always try to be extra nice when I go into a store. But malls are part of our culture, if you watched any teen comedy in the '80s. it's clear that malls are where we live!
I did math in school, obviously. And I loved all my math teachers.
This morning I was laughing at my cat who was running up the stairs and slipped, and pretended like it didn't happen.
I don't remember my dreams. I'm one of those weird people. I know there are tricks and things you can do, but I never remember my dreams.
My mom was a big 'Smurfs' fan, so she would force me to watch every Saturday morning. I had no choice in the matter. I would jump downstairs on Saturday morning, 'Hurray, cartoons!' and she would say, 'Smurfs! That's what you're watching.'
The other day, I noticed I'd arranged my spices in alphabetical order when I was on the phone, without even realizing, and when I was a kid I was constantly cleaning and organizing things - my toys, my sister's cosmetics.
I was so focused at 21, maybe to my own detriment because I didn't allow myself to have fun. I was constantly looking for the next audition and working to pay the bills.
I feel really content in my 30s actually. I don't feel like the wisest person in the world but I definitely don't worry or stress like I used to.
Growing up I played piano and I sang at a lot of weddings; I grew up in a very small town, a little coal-mining town in Virginia called Grundy. And my family was very sing-songy at home.
