American,Actress
Your surroundings may change but your essence and your personality pretty much stay the same.
I would say I was always very ambitious and goal-oriented, but rather than being just a go-getter hustler, now I surrender a lot more and I trust my path a lot more.
Dance is a universal language, and whether you know how to dance or grew up training in dance, you have a respect for people who love to dance, and it's also visually very entertaining to watch a great dancer.
In general, for me, a big thing in my life has been just sort of learning what true self-esteem is and what true positive self-image is. And being a dancer, and growing up in that world, you're so focused on yourself, and you're so focused on achieving goals, on finding perfection, and working on your craft.
It's a great thing if you're a creative person and have some kind of acting or dance or singing, any art. I think it's great to be around people who support that and who are into it like you are, and you can have one big family and teachers who know what they're doing.
I always like Madonna; any Madonna song is good for me.
I realized that if you try to be the perfect mom, perfect wife, perfect actress, you start to feel overwhelmed. You shut down. I got that really fast... I was running back and forth from breast-feeding to filming a scene, overextending myself on every level. I realized I have to make priorities, and my family is number one no matter what.
I always like Madonna; any Madonna song is good for me. Old school Janet Jackson is always good. I usually go old school. It's very rare that I pick a song from nowadays.
Most photo shoots are a beautiful dress, a natural location, and poses.
I wear a lot of dresses and skirts and more ethereal hippie clothes for the day.
Definitely there are lots of days that l am really tired, especially after becoming a new mom. There's nothing more exhausting because physically, mentally, emotionally, it requires you to be on all the time.
I just always felt really confident, comfortable, and free as a kid - I understood what it was like to feel powerful and strong without having any negative connotation early on. And even to this day, I feel in tune with my body. I can sense when I get out of balance.
I want to do stunts and play a badass. Like Michelle Pfeiffer as Catwoman. Physicality, fun, evilness.
I definitely believe in ghosts.
Every hotel room, every apartment we rent, I am sage-ing. And I have crystals that I travel with. It just makes me feel better.
I'm a huge karaoke fan. Oh my God. I'm one of those girls who don't give the mic away. It's a problem. I'm a closeted pop star.
Old school Janet Jackson is always good. I usually go old school, it's very rare that I pick a song from nowadays.
I love the creative process, of getting to create your own show or your own movie, whatever it is you want to do, and have the resources to try and make that happen.
Most actors and actresses are consumed by careers and getting ahead.
There's a reason women are pregnant for nine months; by the end, you're ready to have this baby.
I thought my body was going to change so quickly with pregnancy that I'd freak out. But it was really gradual.
In high school I was always thinking, 'Should I be doing more? What else should I be doing?' Now I know it will all come to me. I just have to trust my path, so that's very different.
I have such a girl-crush on Reese Witherspoon. I would love to do a comedy with her.
I love to act. I want to be doing this forever, and I love to learn from people who I think are better.
I'm from Texas and actually went to a regular high school, but every day after school I'd run to dance class and practice a lot and then go back the next day and stuff like that.
I had danced with Janet Jackson and P. Diddy so I had done a bunch of hip hop. Really and truly my roots are in modern and ballet but, professionally, that's not really out there any more, unfortunately, so these artists aren't really having a lot of ballet dancers behind them so I had to learn hip hop really quick.
