American,Actress
In Hollywood, normally things don't work out, and dreams are crushed.
The thing with physical comedy is that you have to actually try to do the thing you're trying to do - you can't fake it.
In my life, I got a haircut junior year of college that was a real wash-'n-go type of situation. It was short. I had six or seven people say I looked just like Hugh Grant. And I was like, 'That's a man. So... that's not nice.'
I'm not on Facebook because I can't open the door to the past.
My parents sold my childhood home, and I literally was 35 years old, but I cried for, like, two and a half weeks. Like, openly wailed.
I've been in the emergency room for food poisoning.
I was bored by going to Mommy and Me, and I certainly didn't want to write about it.
Keegan-Michael Key and Lindsay Sloane are two of the best, literally, just dramatic actors.
I can't tell you how many bizarre shows at UCB I was a part of.
We all had jobs that were just fronts. I felt like I was in the mob. I had a job, but that wasn't my real job. My real job was to be an actor. I always knew that and never forgot that.
The one piece of advice I would give to all girlfriends - or guy friends, too, I guess - is that if you're going to have a fight in a Baja Fresh parking lot, make sure one of you has an available pair of sunglasses because whoever is crying is going to want to wear them.
I remember watching 'I Love Lucy' from an early age, 'Laverne & Shirley.'
One of my biggest and most influential was 'The Golden Girls.' That show, I remember specific episodes.
I would never knowingly go and date somebody that my friend loved.
It's very hard to fake. When you see Maya Rudolph and Kristen Wiig in 'Bridesmaids,' you can tell they really love each other.
I've been trying to cram myself down the throats of America for a longer time than I care to remember.
I was so flat-chested in high school that I thought I'd better be funny if guys were going to like me.
A lot of comedy on television has a reserve to it, and it's a little too cool for school.
If you write for somebody that you know, then your job is so much easier.
The way that UCB taught us to improvise, you always start from an inspiration from your life, something that's happened to you or a friend. And then you put a comic game onto it. It always starts from a place of reality, of truth.
Even though Laverne and Shirley were always, like, submitting themselves for medical testing and falling asleep on a date or whatever, they always had each other's back.
I can't watch most movies because they scare me too much.
I'm so terrified to write that I don't type at all.
Darius Rucker is straight up the most charming, handsome man you have ever met in your entire life.
