American,Actress
Sometimes when you're given hurdles, it makes you more creative in the end.
I really believe waiting tables, and service industry jobs in general, make you a better person.
I think when you're just counting on your voice, you actually need double the energy. I find myself acting out the scenes and being very physical while I'm recording because I think you can tell when someone is just sitting on a stool.
I feel like everything does happen for a reason, and I can totally look back on my career and the decisions I've made and how it sort of worked itself out.
I was not awesome at dancing. For a ballerina, I probably started too late. Plus I enjoyed entertaining people too much.
I enjoy the old-fashioned idea of, like, 'His Girl Friday' and 'Bringing Up Baby', those old movies.
It's so cheap to just release a movie. You can do it by yourself if you have to. Put in on the Internet if you have to.
When you do a movie, you don't know when it's going to come out. In a year, you forget about it.
It's bad enough when people are comparing your movie to just other random movies, but when you have another 'Carrie' to compare it to, it's rough.
I really love this character I played called Becky Freeley in a T.V. show called 'Miss Guided'. We only shot seven episodes, and nobody watched it, and it was on for, like, a second, but I really liked that character.
I'd been dating my husband for about a year, and I'd already kissed George Clooney, Ashton Kutcher and Gerard Butler. Awesome year, right?
I would have played any character in an Alexander Payne movie.
Any time you learn something new about your character, that's really exciting.
I'm not opposed to auditioning. I love auditioning. It's one of my favorite things.
I love television, I've always wanted to be on television.
I am an actress - I am paid to verbalize other people's words, not create my own.
I imagined my fantasy co-author would look like Miranda Kerr, but have the intellect and comedic timing of Liz Lemon.
Sometimes I think to get to the emotional level of a scene, you don't necessarily have to have experienced the exact thing that person has experienced, but whatever you have in your life that has gotten you to that place is usually enough.
I love Cate Blanchett; I think she's brilliant.
I love watching Edie Falco; she's so layered, and her work is so great.
I remember my choir teacher in high school told me, 'When in doubt, sing loud.' I'm a terrible singer, but I always auditioned for the musicals, and would get cast in them because I really would just put it all out there. That was really good advice, and I think it works for everything, not just acting.
I took ballet dancing forever, and there was a natural transition into acting.
The truth is that the actresses who I look up to are either my age or a few years older or a lot older.
Men are awesome, but they're pretty easy to figure out; women are way more complicated, and way more interesting.
I had Madonna parties; I dressed like Madonna, and I had all of her records because we had records back then. I knew all of her lyrics; I was obsessed with her movies and the whole thing.
I definitely felt awkward and I didn't fit in. Other than that, I'm learning that everyone felt that way: even the popular girls.
