American,Actress
I believe that two people are connected at the heart, and it doesn't matter what you do, or who you are or where you live; there are no boundaries or barriers if two people are destined to be together.
True love doesn't come to you it has to be inside you.
My life at home gives me absolute joy. There are some days when, as soon as you've finished cooking breakfast and cleaning up the kitchen, it's time to start lunch, and by the time you've done that, you're doing dinner and thinking, 'There has to be a menu we can order from.'
If you love someone, you say it, right then, out loud. Otherwise, the moment just passes you by.
I did get to keep the wedding dresses from 'Runaway Bride'. They're all boxed up in my garage. I've never opened them. It'll be fun one day when Hazel is taller. She can play dress-up with her friends.
My real hair color is kind of a dark blonde. Now I just have mood hair.
A fever is an expression of inner rage.
I enjoy hats. And when one has filthy hair, that is a good accessory.
Light and funny has a more compelling quality when you're younger. But I haven't abandoned the genre: I love falling down; I love Lucille Ball. It's just that a lot of those stories revolve around problems that I can't convincingly portray at this age.
'Snow White' is an old fairy tale, so obviously the idea of vanity and obsession with youth is long-standing. With today's science, people have become crazy with trying to move their face around. It's bizarre.
I don't get angry very often. I lose my temper rarely. And when I do, there's always a legitimate cause. Normally I have a great lightness of being. I take things in a very happy, amused way.
I just want to make a point that it's not just great teachers that sometimes shape your life. Sometimes it's the absence of great teachers that shapes your life and being ignored can be just as good for a person as being lauded.
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness.
Two of my three siblings are older, so I suppose I learned from them and became a very avid reader at a young age, which I think enough cannot be said for what you can discover through literature.
Happiness isn't happiness unless there's a violin-playing goat.
We all need to take a deep breath and think about being a Bush daughter and having that cross to bear. I'd go out and have a couple of drinks too.
The movie says, You can lose your job and your way and still rescue yourself. 'Larry Crowne' creates a self-excavated utopia, and I love that idea, that message.
I definitely think some of my older female peer group are deeply beautiful women. They have this thing that radiates from them.
When all this fame first comes, it's like being hit by a giant wave. You panic and think if you can just calm down and see where it's going, you'll be okay. Then you become more relaxed.
Everything I've done has had purpose and has been passionate and has been executed in the best way that I knew how. Maybe that's not the perfect way. Maybe that's not the easiest way. But it's the best way I knew how to do it.
You can be true to the character all you want but you've got to go home with yourself.
I've never had to pretend to be having sex with somebody. I'm like the queen of the foreplay dissolve.
It's funny when people say, 'I don't think Julia likes me.' Honey, if I don't like you, you're going to know about it.
Republican comes in the dictionary just after reptile and just above repugnant.
I'm just an ordinary person who has an extraordinary job.
Making movies is not rocket science. It's about relationships and communication and strangers coming together to see if they can get along harmoniously, productively, and creatively. That's a challenge. When it works, it's fantastic and will lift you up. When it doesn't work, it's almost just as fascinating.
When you've got four people to get dressed to get out the door you don't really spend a lot of time on yourself. But that's the way I roll anyway. I was never one to do my hair and make-up just to go to the market, so it's not that much different. If I get a little eye cream on, I feel I'm ahead of myself.
I never really did years of movie-after-movie-after-movie but when you've got three toddlers in the house you're performing all day long, anyway, with puppet shows and stories - I act around the clock.
People talk about this Julia Roberts almost like it's a cup of Pepsi. People think Julia Roberts is something they created. The fact is, 26 years ago, there was this scrunched-up little pink baby named Julia Roberts. I am a girl, like anybody else.
Something that's such a joy in my life every day - cooking - is this incredible, horrific danger to women around the world.
Let's get a couple of things straight. It hasn't been years and years since I made a movie. I'm not coming back from the dead - I've just had two kids! I have no intention of retiring, but I do think it's impossible to do movie after movie, because there aren't that many good films made.
I can direct breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I take pride in my kitchen, but I'm not going to direct a movie.
Los Angeles is such a town of show business, and I'm a terrible celebrity. I find it difficult - it's the beast that must be fed. There's this big wheel of pictures and articles that goes around, and you get pinned on it.
I couldn't be an ingenue today, because the business has changed. I remember when you could dress for a premiere just by putting on a cute top. Now you have to be perfect and fabulous in every way, or you're ridiculed.
I just have a great life. I know great people. I've had great relationships - all different kinds of relationships. I am so lucky to be on the little golden path that led me to all this.
I think enough cannot be said for what you can discover through literature. So I think that was probably my most valued characteristic as a teenager.
During the 80s and 90s, we all became consumed with ourselves. In the 21st century, we've come back to simpler times. People are struggling economically and this has forced them to scale back the material aspects of their lives and realise the beauty of finding the simple joy in being with the people we love.
Patchouli has always been a part of my fragrance, like a line through my life.
I tried Botox one time and was permanently surprised for a couple of months. It was not a cute look for me. My feeling is, I have three children who should know what emotion I'm feeling at the exact moment I'm feeling it... that is critical.
In essence, I owe my career to Garry Marshall. There was no known reason for him to hire me for 'Pretty Woman.'
Going to the theater is such a joyous experience. My dad would take my sister and me to plays when we were very young, like six or seven years old.
Seeing Shakespeare in the Park, for me, it's just this side of feeling like you've witnessed some kind of magic. It's this spell that you're under, to be part of that!
I don't have the luxury of sitting around any more. I must have had bags of spare time before I had children, but I don't know what I did with it and I didn't appreciate it. But it's such a terrific trade-off. I don't have time to get a pedicure, but I sure am happy. Who cares if your feet look bad?
When you've got four people to get dressed to get out the door, you don't really tend to spend a lot of time on yourself. But that's the way I roll anyway. I was never one to do my hair and make-up just to go down to the market, so it's really not that much different. If I get a little eye cream on, I feel like I'm ahead of myself.
The body is a great machine, and it knows how to take care of itself. I think more often than not the things we do to our skin or our bodies can hold it back from doing its proper job.
Actually, I'm not crazed about what I eat.
I'm a regular person with an extraordinary job.
I don't wake up with some sense of fabulosity.
I don't spend a lot of time in the mirror.
I have very smart parents. I feel I learned a lot from both of my parents and life experience.
The kind of energy I attract is very calm.
People don't come up to me very often. Everyone is always in such disbelief that I can go to the market.
It's increasingly rare for me to find things that challenge me as an actor because the challenge of my personal life, and how fulfilling I find it, is tough to compete with.
Sally Field taught me to do needlepoint on 'Steel Magnolias,' and a standby painter on 'Pelican Brief' taught me to knit. I'm pretty good at it now!
My life at home gives me absolute joy. Having so much time there with the family has just been incredible. My life has changed and I work less, but I was never really one to work too much.
I think that I am a deeply optimistic person.
I was lucky that I made a few movies in a row that people really responded to - not me, particularly, but the films as a whole were appreciated.
Going to the theater is such a joyous experience.
I was fortunate to work a lot, and I worked hard, and I was very devoted to that, and then I earned this jewel box of a life that I felt completely entitled to.
Whenever you are faced with someone who has made far more errors in judgment and far more mistakes than you, you have a tendency to get on your high horse.
I am completely happy with my life. I love everything about it.
You have to be smart enough not to dismiss where you came from. It may not be all we are, but it makes up for a great deal.
What changes with fame is the perceptions of the individual rather than the individual.
It's my privilege and honor to cook three meals a day for my family, and it's a luxury on a level that I didn't even realize, because it can be relentless for me on some days. You have pride in how you take care of your family.
I like a good old-fashioned fistfight if people are pissed off at each other. I just feel like if you're really mad and want to have a fight, then put your dukes up.
The things that are correct for me will come to me at the time that I am interested in them and have the capacity, the understanding, to do them.
Every actor wants to win an Oscar, full stop. It doesn't mean you try to design things around how to accomplish that because that's impossible.
Magic to me is you make a movie and it's all great and it clicks, and at the end of the day you feel like you're having an experience that is positive and that you're learning from.
People love scandal; people love drama. They love stripping away the layers to see what's really in there, and they'll do anything - as well as make it up - to get it.
