American,Actress
The bravest thing I ever did was continuing my life when I wanted to die.
In detective land, you have to deal with a lot of intense emotions, so you yourself have to remain mostly unemotional and detached. These are people, like law enforcement and surgeons, in professions that don't have the luxury of being able to be emotional or to break down. In my line of work, it's almost a requirement.
I wear my heart on my sleeve. I have no poker face.
I don't want a tan, but I do love blushes in colors that give you that whole sun-kissed thing.
Fame can be just so annoying because people are so critical of you. You can't just say, 'hi'. You say hi and people whisper' man did you see the way she said hi? What an attitude.
Like everybody I have many different sides.
There' s a duality in myself, and it's also what I try and instill in my roles.
I kind of imagine myself at eighty, a cat lady.
I get lonely - I'm not going to lie about that... I kind of signed up in my mind that I'm giving myself wholeheartedly, full-throttle to my creative life, and I don't want to be distracted.
Being an actor is like being a bass player: one of the component parts to the collective hole.
All that schooling never prepares you for the reality of life.
It always surprises me when people say, 'I don't regret one thing about my life. I wouldn't change anything because it's all led me to where I am today.' I would want to change certain things that have caused others pain.
I don't want to be famous as a movie star and have the whole world love me, I want to be a creative actress.
I'm really into coconut oil for everything. I cook it, eat it, put it in my hair, and use it as body lotion. I put it on my face, too - day cream, night cream, whatever. I love the smell. It reminds me of the beach. I'm not particular on what brand as long as it's organic.
I've been around for a long time now, and you start to hear these urban legends about yourself.
Being beautiful can be a curse, especially if you want to be an artist and create.
The thing is, I want to play real characters and not all girls can be pretty. The thing is, you get these girls who say 'I'm a character actor' then you see them in a role and nothing has really changed but the outfit.
I've always been the opposite of mainstream. I march to my own beat. It's the only way I know.
I don't have an explosive temper. People seem to think that - maybe somewhere lives the lion in my cage. But I'm actually kind of goofy.
Any time you start judging with an overly critical eye rather than letting things just be, and following what you think is right, it's complicated to find balance.
The old footage of my dad, I always knew we were cut from the same cloth, because my dad was such a renegade and always marched to the beat of his own drum. To see where we were both dancing and being silly together, it's too beautiful for words. I was really happy to have that.
I've never been like Angelina Jolie, who at one time was spewing out this prototype Bad Girl stuff for people to consume. I've never boxed myself in that way. People can create boxes for me by all means, but it doesn't mean I'm going to step inside them.
For me, a spiritual and existential crisis is the same thing in that your foundation gets rocked.
I knew I could live no other way, that the one thing I wanted was to act and do it well.
As early as when I was five or six I wanted to perform.
Success is a nice by-product but what I really want is work.
When you become famous at 19, it does a number in your head, so you find romance in the mundane - isn't it so great that a guy would pick me up at my house and take me to a restaurant?
I'm actually very moral and nurturing, but I'm also adventurous. I am challenging.
What do I think being wild is? Nothing. Actually, the whole world is wild. Everything is wild. There we go.
The praise for 'Cape Fear' will help me work more artfully - I can work with real artists, like Robert De Niro and the directors, and then go to artland, which is the best land to be in in this world.
Why I talk so seriously about art is that art is the only thing that helps people stay alive, and it is the only thing that has allowed people to create joy in this insane, suppressive universe. And art is the only thing that they can't get rid of. They've tried, but ultimately they can't stamp it out.
It's only artists who can help artists.
I've never really cared if I was famous for my music. It was just something I had to do.
My parents are just the best.
My dad instilled in me to naturally question all authority. I don't follow anything blindly. That's religion, cops, doctors, schools, you name it.
I've always been an outsider. I've always been attracted to roles that would challenge me and that wouldn't come around very often.
I sort of got lucky in that I was able to carve a niche for myself.
I haven't made a career off my looks, thank God, but hopefully how I've moved people emotionally, the directors I've been able to work with, and the stories I've been a part of.
If you could place blame on entertainment for all the crimes people commit, you'd be in court all the livelong day.
I walk into a restaurant, and people stare as though I've just landed from another planet. Every time I walk out in public, it's like the alien freak show has arrived. It does have its advantages. I hardly ever get bothered by the paparazzi, probably because of some of the more edgy characters I've played in movies.
So many actors and musicians seem to be only interested in what's expected of them, and they join the dots accordingly. I don't fit into any narrow categories as an actor or a singer.
I was singing before I acted, but I was also attracted to drama, and, y'know, I got successful at that, which isn't a bad thing.
Nobody would know it to look at me, but the movies I liked as a kid were musicals - 'All That Jazz,' 'Hair,' 'Fame,' 'Annie,' all that stuff - that's where my little youthful imagination was.
Over time, I've loved jazz, Miles Davis and Chet Baker, then Janis and Jimi and Creedence, then classic rock.
I recommend everyone wakes up in the morning to Bachman Turner Overdrive's 'Taking Care Or Business' - you'll feel better.
I used to be really insular, really introverted. I couldn't articulate myself.
There is growth. Get out of the past.
I actually would not want the pressure of a lead in a series.
When I do a film, usually I work from my director. That's my boss. The director is interpreting the writer's vision, and we all interpret it, and they create their own vision as well.
In my heart of hearts, I'm a character actress, whereas other people play their one strength.
As I evolve, my interests change, always. But, what is consistent is that I always look for something new to play.
TV is wild. You just play the role you're given, and you show up and do the best that you can.
I thrive on adversity.
Ever since I can remember, I've always wanted to be a performer - whether it was acting or singing or whatever.
I experience so many feelings and emotions when I tour. It's the most amazing and also the most lonely thing you can do.
We've played everywhere since I started The Licks. We've played arenas, clubs, school cafeterias and bowling alleys. It doesn't matter where the venue is; we're gonna bring you the rock!
I always call myself an emotionalist. I feel.
Acting is me, but music is even more me. It's everything.
Sometimes I want to control things more than I'm able to.
I only wear SPF if I'm going to the beach.
My eyebrows are a mess. They're skinny; they're dodgy.
Not all detectives are the same - some play bad cop, some are awkward, some are funny.
Although I missed home, North Carolina is a spectacular place to spend four months. Wilmington has a great downtown area. It is not too small town or too big city. The people were really welcoming and nice. The weather was lovely.
I have such a beautiful, strong family and friends, and they are like everything to me.
I can tell you I have dealt with mania my whole life.
I'm so used to naysayers.
My first tour I did was The Warped Tour, and I was likening myself to the bearded lady at the circus because not only was I an actor touring, doing rock n' roll, but I was also a female front person making really muscular, male-dominated rock music.
When I feel something, I feel it to the ninth power.
Some people can't connect with their own emotions.
As a teenager I was severely, cripplingly dramatic and in search of self.
I'm all for natural solutions. I'm for eastern philosophies. Yoga is a good one.
In my work, I'm always striving to be as honest as possible.
Whatever I do, I'm always struggling to create a visceral experience. With my music, I'm more of a live performer these days. And film is such a different thing. It's where people sit in a dark theater. I want them to feel me as viscerally as if they were at a live show.
For my rock band, I was influenced by things like 'The Rocky Horror Picture Show.' For me, it's live rock n' roll theater.
I didn't think my success from film was going to translate at all, musically. In fact, it worked against me.
I'm always fighting the cup-is-half-empty way of being, versus the cup-is-half-full. I'm always fighting the pessimistic versus the positive.
I normally don't concern myself with, 'Will audiences like me or like my character?'
I grew up in Hollywood in an apartment. Then in Tarzana, California, on a mini ranch where we owned horses and chickens.
I didn't like school at all. I never liked the seven different classes system. I liked having just one, like in elementary school - less disruption. I liked history. I failed math and science and gave those teachers a hard time.
My first boyfriend was a surfer. We bonded over loving the sun, Depeche Mode, and The Cure.
My only after-school job before I got into acting was babysitting. I had younger brothers and sisters.
I love L.A. I fall more in love with it as I get older.
All this primal energy people respond to in me and my characters is in my music, 10 times more.
My dad was lackadaisical on the discipline front. I dropped out of everything at school.
I don't approach anything I do like an academic. I'm not trained, and I work with intuition a great deal.
Some of my greatest memories are of sleep-away camp; I did that three summers in a row when I was, like, 9,10, and 11.
When you say you grew up in Los Angeles, a lot of people think the west side: they think the glitz and all this stuff that I actually had no relationship to growing up.
It's not my nature to dominate and bully.
I love the process of working with a filmmaker and the writers and the actors.
I didn't build a career off my looks, thank God.
