American,Actress
I like when life is sort of spontaneous. I like the unexpected. I'm comfortable in that!
I gained 60 pounds, and I'm proud of it. Why do I need to watch my weight when I'm pregnant? I could eat whatever the hell I want to eat.
Happiness is not something that just comes to you. It's an active process.
I'm a nature girl. I grew up in Colorado and was always outside. I still am, even when I'm in the city.
I'm big on manners. I'm big on politeness. I'm big on gratitude.
A lot of people don't want to grow up because it sucks.
I smoke, isn't that terrible?
If I feel like I need a little color, I'll get a natural spray tan. Not only does this give me a little extra coverage, but it also allows me to achieve the bronzed look I want without the sun damage.
I'm not afraid of heights. I rock climb. I can repel off the side of a building.
Nothing, literally nothing, makes me feel like I'm back to my body more than Pilates.
I think that's like the age-old psychological core issue for any situation. Anybody who has had an experience with a parent that is absent, it's going to manifest.
The goal when you get into a relationship is not to be out of the relationship. It's to try to stay in the relationship. But if it doesn't work, you can't force those things.
I love my shape because I work really hard at it. I honor my body by working out and seeing what it can do.
Honesty will never break you.
I'm superstitious... but not like wear the same underwear for two weeks superstitious.
You have people who can't act and they get all these parts. Paris Hilton falls into her own category. She's made a career out of it.
When you're nursing and you're working 18-hour days, that's pretty hard.
The only things I'm competitive in are backgammon and poker.
Somebody can become a celebrity for being stupid. That is what it's turned into.
Never worry about bad press: All that matters is if they spell your name right.
If it's a big hit, fantastic. If it's not, then it's not. I don't worry about my work.
I'm not a big fan of romantic comedies, believe it or not.
I went on countless auditions. I begged my parents until I finally was allowed to be in a theatrical play when I was 13. It was the most important thing in my life.
I talked to ex-wives of musicians of the '70s for research. They're the funniest people in the world, yet there is this sad, beautiful thing in their eyes that says they've seen more than they could ever possibly tell you.
I have never done a thriller, and it will just be really fun for me to heave and pant and run and climb and break windows and scream every once in a while.
I don't know if people really want to know how I feel about drugs. I'm not such a stickler. I believe you can choose to live your life any way you want.
You have a choice: Support the woman standing next to you, or compete with her. But if you compete, you're going to be miserable.
A lot of people are quite discouraged by the process of getting healthy because, one, they think they can't afford it, and two, it's daunting. I wanted to start a dialogue. Because you won't be able to even get there until you actually accept yourself and start connecting with yourself.
I talk about everything. I'm like the person who comes home and can't hide anything. Even my friends sometimes are like, 'Kate, you've got to stop talking so much about your life.' And I'm like, 'Why?' I can't keep things in, really.
As a woman, and as a working mom trying to get things done, you find yourself meeting adversity a lot, but you never talk about it because you don't want to bring attention to it. You don't want to go there.
I live by a rulebook of eating alkaline - no meat, no dairy, no gluten, I try to stay away from sugar - but I'll cheat when I want to since I'm a bit of a foodie.
While I try to keep my fitness regimen consistent, during awards season, I'm especially conscious of what I'll be wearing and plan my workouts accordingly.
I'm a big Peyton Manning fan.
The best thing I probably do is - I'll say I'm a pretty darn good parent. I got good kids.
I just keep working out. You can't stop. Everyone thinks there's a trick, but there's no trick! The trick is, you have to be consistent.
If you're not mindful about sugar, high sugar intake is just the worst thing for you, but I'm, like, everything in moderation, and that's how I approach it.
We get to a point where we're like, you know what, one day we're just not gonna be here anymore, so I'm going to enjoy every second of it.
What makes Mom the best is that she never put any expectations too high on the kids. She just wanted us to be doing the things that made us happy, as long as we were working hard, but we never had to live up to something.
I'm going to go to work out, and I'm going to enjoy it, and I'm going to eat really healthy. But I'm going to go to Vegas, and I'm going to stop at In-N-Out Burger, and then I'll be back on track.
I didn't just wake up one day understanding how to take care of myself. I had to learn how to do so over time, and I continue to learn - each and every day. This is a process, and my body is constantly changing. So is yours. And when I learned how to accept that I will always be like this, I relaxed. Our bodies do not stand still for time.
To create a nice relationship with an ex, the love has to change form. I think you just have to put your children first.
