American,Actress
It's so different when you change your hair color, you're treated so differently. It's a very funny experience. It's fun - I love changing up my hair.
I really wanted to go to high school and be normal.
I wasn't a social butterfly at all.
The fact that I'm very close with my past relationships is something I pride myself on. My mom is still close to her first husband. It's nice to be able to enjoy someone in a different form.
The fashion world feels more normal to me when I'm with them.
That's the funniest thing about portraying certain things on screen, sitting next to your parents and they get to see this glimpse of me kissing another guy.
Acting is a life experience. I'm always learning things when I'm making a movie. So the fame part of it is fine when you consider what you get out of this job.
You promote your films; it's part of your job. You do the magazine covers and stuff, and then I try to live a really normal life. I definitely don't try to make it into any more craziness than it is.
I keep everything that's private private.
You never grow out of high school sadly.
Whenever I hear that I'm on the brink of stardom, I feel like I want to run into a cave.
In this business, it's easy for either your heart or your head to be swayed, and I try to always stay true to who I am.
I was a real loner in high school, even though people assume I was the head cheerleader.
My head was always in books.
I felt uncomfortable in cliques.
At the time, when you're being dissected and judged it's pretty brutal, but in hindsight it's great and - it sounds cliched - you do come out the other side better and stronger.
Look, some people talk about their personal lives a lot; I try not to, unless it's more of a generality.
I don't want to broadcast my personal life because I feel it's off-putting.
I'm a serial monogamist.
I can't deal with someone flashy. That's so not me.
I like somebody who's not so crazy but likes to have a good time... and who is thoughtful and kind and easy to laugh with. Somebody you can just be yourself with one hundred and fifty percent.
I almost envy people who say whatever they want.
You have to have confidence. You can't be someone who's so insecure that she's a basket case.
I grew up in a small town where everyone wanted to be the same or look the same and was afraid to be different.
My parents were amazing and wonderful, but there was a lot of pressure to do my best and in every way possible.
I hold theatre acting in such high esteem that it scares me.
