English,Actress
Literally, I don't know where life is gonna go from one day to the next, and that's as exciting as it is tiring.
Every job feels like my first.
My dad is such a good man, hard-working.
Obviously, education is hugely important, along with healthcare. They're the basics and you're hurting your own country if you don't pour money into them.
I'm not a show-off; I'm not an exhibitionist.
I think when you're an actor and you're drawing on your emotions all the time, you need to be quite steady.
As an actor, you always want to keep it different, change it up, and, you know, just to keep yourself inspired and work with interesting characters.
I love actresses who are brave and don't do what's expected of them or don't play off how they look or take risks.
I love strong women in films that are allowed to play women and not male fantasies.
I'd prefer to go under the radar and just do the acting without being famous for it.
I've no wish to appear in celebrity magazines.
You put yourself on tape as an actor a lot - and you send them off, they go out into the ether, and you have no idea what's going to come back, or when.
Auditioning is a horrible experience because you know you are being absolutely scrutinized and judged. There are days where you can do it and days where it's just not happening, and I feel like that's how it is with all artists; you have some days it kind of works.
My personal life, my normal life, is so important to me. To be able to go back to my personal life and leave characters behind is important; I don't keep them with me.
At my school, Shakespeare wasn't on the syllabus - at least not for me.
I'm not temperamentally into high comedy. I'm not a Noel Coward kind of girl.
Theatre is where my heart is. It's where I can do my best work. And even if I do films and TV, that's what I want to come back to.
When I was younger, I used to write to directors when I was unsure I could play a role. I'd say: 'You've made a terrible mistake.'
It's lovely to work with a group of actors who make you laugh and smile.
We live in a celebrity-obsessed society.
The reason I act is because I'm trying to understand why people are as they are.
Acting has always been such escapism for me.
I'm a theater actress. I love rehearsal. I could have six weeks of rehearsal and think it's not enough. But on film, you don't get that luxury.
You know, I really enjoy longevity. I see actors in their forties and they just turn out these really fabulous roles and characters. You know who they are, but you wouldn't necessarily know their names.
When it comes to my work, I'm fearless. I go with my gut.
Being at the pinnacle of my career is not to turn up in some multiplex blockbuster.
