Actress
You can never control who you fall in love with, even when you're in the most sad, confused time of your life. You don't fall in love with people because they're fun. It just happens.
I'm very mature for my age, but I'm also innocent in a lot of ways.
Confidence is very sexy. You could be not cute at all and have such confidence.
What are you going to do if it's the end of the world? You better go out having fun instead of stressing about it.
But the real secret to total gorgeousness is to believe in yourself, have self confindence, and try to be secure in your decisions and thoughts.
You know that feeling when you wake up in the morning and you're excited for the day? That's one of my main goals in life.
I just don't want to be the damsel in distress. I'll scream on the balcony, but you've got to let me do a little action here.
When I was little, I put on plays for my family at Sunday dinner, and I would direct them and have all my cousins, my brother, and my best friends in it. I was a very imaginative and theatrical child and wasn't afraid of being in front of a camera. It was like make-believe to me.
You don't really know who you're going to fall in love with at what time in their life. They can be the worst off they've ever been in their life, but you can't help who you fall in love with. That's part of the excitement of life - new people, new experiences.
I think you see in people's eyes what they've been through. Anything in their lives shows up in their eyes.
I'm happiest when I'm just hanging out with my friends... it really doesn't matter what we do.
When you have a beanpole body, everything looks cute. Like Alexa Chung. I like her style, but she's really tall and skinny, so everything looks good on her.
I wanted to get an angel wings tatooed on my back, as a guardian thing.
I can't wait to have kids one day. I want to have kids and a farm with lots of animals on a lake.
I really want to do a film in another language. My dad's from Germany, so it'd be really cool to do a film in German. I'm not quite fluent, but I can get there. And my accent's pretty good. I wouldn't feel too out of my element.
I can't imagine having a real personal thing, like divorce and marriage, all those things, being in the public eye. I try to not talk about anything personal, and then nobody has the fire to throw back at you, like 'You said this back then!'
I've always used my own personal emotions and things that I've gone through in my life to build a character. The work that I do before a film feels almost like therapy, between me and whoever I'm playing.
I've never had a teenage rebellion; I'm not that type of person. I always work out my problems in a conscientious way.
I don't find I'm manic at all. I'm very chill.
I have gotten so many tickets. I hope I don't get my license revoked.
If I'd trusted myself and listened to myself all the times that I ignored myself, I would have been fine. But everyone has to learn their lesson, and now I've got it.
I don't try to be sexy, but if you are sexy it comes out. If you're not, you're not.
I like people more undone than made up. Patricia Arquette is the ultimate. She's not anorexic or perfectly tan, she's not trying to be anything but what she is, and that's the most sexy thing.
If you're successful at a young age, no matter the profession, there has to come a time when you reevaluate everything, what it means to you. 'Is this what I want to do for the rest of my life?'
Boys frustrate me. I hate all their indirect messages, I hate game playing. Do you like me or don't you? Just tell me so I can get over you.
I want to play an action hero. I'm ready for roles that totally aren't me.
Most people ask me questions based on a previous interview. That's not an interview. It's like they're just saying my quotes back to me.
I'm the kind of person who buys a new thing, wears it so much and then is totally sick of it.
I attract a different kind of boy when my hair's red. I get more quality men - like a more thoughtful, nerdy dude.
Pristine vulnerability is just so boring to me. The performances that I love are ones like Gena Rowland's in 'A Woman Under the Influence,' where women are allowed to be messy and imperfect. It's that kind of woman that has always inspired me to seek roles that are a little out of the box. I just haven't always had the opportunity to do them.
I feel like everyone directs their own career according to their taste, what they migrate to emotionally and what kind of artists they want to work with. And I'm lucky enough to be in a position where I can wait six months for a project that really interests me.
The filmmaker is really important to me: it could be their first film; it's not just about their reputation, but I have to really believe in them.
I don't want to be 'box-office girl,' but I don't want to be 'that indie girl' either.
When I'm an old lady, I'm going to have my pick of the young men. They'll be like, 'She's Miss Mary Jane!' The young boys will think I'm a hot old lady.
I'm a person who likes to hang out. I would never go on a blind date. That sounds like the most uncomfortable thing on the planet earth. It's like, 'Hi. Nice to meet you. So, what kind of music do you like?' Date ended.
I don't think roles help you resolve your issues. I just think they're good markers.
I used to feel like I had to be the best at what I did, but I realized I don't have to be the best. It's so freeing. I've never been this happy.
Being an actress doesn't make you popular in school.
It's important to me that I don't get trapped in the whole teen scene, because I feel that you can get lost in those kind of movies, and they aren't really about the actors; they're about the selling of the concept, and how much money it makes.
You really can't explain how you do the things you do. I can't, anyway. I love certain actors, but sometimes they say the stupidest things about technique. I don't want to say something stupid.
It's hard to get lost in a scene, to get into a character when everyone's standing around you on the set.
A lot of people my age who are working right now have never acted; they get a show and suddenly they're making millions. It's always those people who get it fast who have the most trouble staying grounded and being themselves.
Everybody has a mean streak in them, don't they?
I think most human beings go through some sort of depression in their life. And if they don't, I think that's weird.
I don't live in the spotlight, and I don't live my life in front of the paparazzi. I live very comfortably and quietly as possible.
When I go away to do a movie, I bring the blanket I've had since I was a little girl. It helps me sleep. I also always bring my laptop so I can E-mail friends. And I bring my dog, Beauty, wherever I can.
When I have time off, my friends and I will go to Universal Studios, the movies, out to eat, and shopping. I'm happiest when I'm just hanging out with my friends... it really doesn't matter what we do.
I never read comics as a kid. I guess I was lazy and watched cartoons instead.
When you get older, you feel better about yourself. You're not worried what other people think about you, in general. You just get more comfortable in your skin.
I've been an REM fan since I was a little girl. I would jump around to 'Stand' in the mirror.
Every movie I do, I always use things that have happened in my life. Funny moments, anything. If it just sticks out I'll write it down and use that, too, because it has to come out of you. But no one can work when they're depressed. I don't think I'd physically be able to do it if I were depressed.
I was a big Guns N' Roses fan when I was seven. My friend who lived across the street had long dark curly hair and I had long blonde hair, so I'd dress up as Axl and she'd be Slash, and we'd rock out in front of the mirror singing 'Patience.'
When I'm working, I always listen to music to zone everyone else out.
In high school I had a boyfriend who was super into rap, so I was into Too $hort and Wu-Tang for a little while. And my best friend's older brother would sometimes drive us home in this pimped-out truck, and he'd play all his dirty rap music. We thought we were really cool.
I don't really relate to myself as The Girl in the Magazine. Which is dangerous for me, too, sometimes, because I don't think all the time, 'Well, look to see if people are following me home.' Sometimes I'm a little bit more free than maybe I should be.
I'm a good assistant. That's why I don't have an assistant, because I'm so on it that no one can be as on it as me. I know that.
What actor do you really take seriously who becomes a singer? It's kind of ridiculous. I can't think of anybody.
After 'Melancholia' and 'On the Road,' I wanted to do a comedy. And I did so many comedies when I was younger, but if you're not consistently in those movies, people don't always think of you for them.
I'm always looking for that movie that feels like it's hitting me where I need it.
Doing 'All Good Things' really felt like I was acting for myself rather than anyone else. It gave me a freedom I'd never had before, or knew I had, to do whatever I want to, and to argue my opinions and not just feel like the cute girl on set or the girl in a boy's club. I figured out how I could be both. And it's been different ever since.
When you're little, you're open to things. It's not like you get into this rehearsed zone when you're a child. At first you play different sides of yourself. And I think it will be really exciting one day to have a character to go into that's not anything like me whatsoever.
When you feel good is when you're not afraid to feel the worst.
If I saw 'Virgin Suicides' or 'Eternal Sunshine,' I'm so proud to be in those movies. They are such great movies. I felt so free on those sets.
You know how people say awards don't mean anything? Hello! I think the energy around them makes everyone cuckoo.
I would have loved to have been in a Hitchcock movie.
New York vintage is too expensive!
It's such a private thing - 'my process' - I can just say that the work that I do is like therapy between me and the character.
My grandmother lives with my mother in a gorgeous house in the San Fernando Valley. I am afforded these luxuries, and I'm very young.
I think it's best to date someone who doesn't do what you do.
I think the best thing about my job is that I have my life documented, which not many people get to have. They have a photo here and there and maybe some video footage from a birthday. My kids will be able to see me growing up.
Everyone goes through a hard time in their life.
It's always nice when people appreciate your work because it means you've affected them, which is great. And so that feels good.
I was a very imaginative and theatrical child and wasn't afraid of being in front of a camera.
A lot of moms give their kids line reads. My mom wasn't put in that position because I always had an acting teacher helping with the feelings rather than how to say something.
I love to produce, and I've directed two short films.
I think for everyone it's good to have your own personal work on a character and a film before you even start rehearsing, to have an inner life.
The performances that I love are ones like Gena Rowlands in 'A Woman Under the Influence,' where women are allowed to be messy and imperfect. It's that kind of woman that has always inspired me to seek roles that are a little out of the box. I just haven't always had the opportunity to do them.
I feel like everyone directs their own career according to their taste, what they migrate to emotionally and what kind of artists they want to work with.
I've been lucky to find people who want to work with me, whom I respect and like, but the truth is there aren't that many good projects out there. And we make way, way too many movies. So it's not always going to happen with every project. But I try and wait it out.
I know kids are supposed to go through these awkward stages, but I just never even thought about that. I was too busy worrying about getting my education while I was working.
I hate red-carpet photographs!
I liked the girly cartoons. I was very much a girly-girl.
I don't gossip about myself.
I'm never going to say anything about who I'm dating unless I'm married or engaged.
I've always had a process that I do before I even get to set or go to the location. I work privately, and it almost feels like therapy between me and who I'm playing. So I have this inner life that's there and it gives me a confidence, too, that when I'm playing the role I know every question.
I built my entire career off of teen comedies. I was in 'Bring It On'.
