American,Actress
A gentleman is simply a patient wolf.
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
It's said in Hollywood that you should always forgive your enemies - because you never know when you'll have to work with them.
Some day... some day, I want to go much deeper into the human mind.
Since my life has been wayward and impulsive, always a search for something that is not there, and then disillusionment, I believe I need all the excuses I can make.
I'm always nervous when I start a new picture.
When he would give you direction, it was not sitting in a chair saying, 'Hey, babe! Do this and that and the other thing.' Mr. Sirk would ask, 'May I speak with you?' and sit down and say, 'I think this should be done this way. And how do you feel about it? Do you feel it that way?'
My life has been a series of emergencies.
I'm so gullible. I'm so damn gullible. And I am so sick of me being gullible.
I started off wanting one husband and seven children, but it ended up the other way around.
Whenever I do something, it seems so right. And turns out so wrong.
Humor has been the balm of my life, but it's been reserved for those close to me, not part of the public Lana.
The truth is, sex doesn't mean that much to me now.
I find men terribly exciting, and any girl who says she doesn't is an anemic old maid, a streetwalker, or a saint.
It used to be that when an actress reached thirty, she was considered almost washed up.
I would rather lose a good earring than be caught without make-up.
I've always loved a challenge.
Cheryl's artistically inclined. She draws and sketches, but I don't know about acting.
Let's be honest, the physical attracts me first. Then if you get to know the man's mind and soul and heart, that's icing on the cake.
Artie said it would be nice if we got married. I said it would be nice, too. The next thing I knew, we were on our way to Las Vegas.
I have matured with the realization that I can live without a man!
Oh, how I treasure this freedom. I really do It's a glorious, wonderful experience. I am off marriage - for life!
That Shaw is the most egotistical thing! He hogged the camera and spent more time with the hairdresser and the makeup man than any actor on the lot!
We started by playing girls who only married at the end of the picture. We didn't play wives. That came later. But the most dreadful thing was when a star had to play a mother. That was the beginning of her professional end.
The most important tool of my trade was a mirror.
