British,Actress
When you look back, I think things are as they are meant to be. Timing is very important.
I can do basics, but I'm not a proper cook. I can do a roast. I can stick a chicken in the oven with vegetables.
I mean, I've done musicals, but it's not my best thing.
The first meal my husband ever made me was a chicken curry. I have never tasted anything so delicious in my life.
People have preconceptions about women of a certain age.
I have been invited to do something called 'Celebrity MasterChef' in England, which, of course, I can't do. It's complete nonsense. You have to be a decent cook to begin with. I'd be the joke one.
I took a cookery course. On the examination, I had to cook a cheese omelet with peas and an egg custard. With the egg custard, which was supposed to be a dessert, I forget to put the sugar in, so that's more of a quiche, isn't it?
One of the Sunday newspapers asked me to make my favorite dish, and they photographed me holding it in the kitchen. It was roasted salmon with roasted vegetables. That's not cooking; that's putting things in a pan. It looked quite nice, but I'm not saying it was good.
I think I should be a nightclub singer. I love to sing!
People are always asking me for my favorite recipe, and I have to say, 'I don't really have one.'
I don't do freeways.
Since I've turned 50, I've had the best roles of my life, and I've got married. Everyone said that wasn't possible because there are no men, but I've done it. I think it's just going to get better.
I've been to the White House and had Hilary Clinton push through the crowd to come and meet me. Chelsea Clinton, too.
As an actor, you never know where the work's going to come, so you have to be flexible about it.
At the drop of a hat, people will say there are no roles for women after 40. It's there with a bunch of other rules I'm not interested in.
I met Bette Midler, who I absolutely love.
I'm very lucky to have a husband who cooks, for a start. It's a good partnership. I met him through a friend, and we just hit it off.
I don't have any rules when it comes to clothes. I'll wear anything if it fits and looks good.
I inherited my weight problem from my mum. She was always on diets. If there was a box of chocolates in the house, she'd eat half a chocolate, then put the other half back. She loved me, but she did encourage me to diet in my teens.
For many years, I picked the wrong men, or they picked me. I think if you don't feel attractive or worth something as a woman, you attract men who don't really look after you. That's what happened to me, but I realise that those relationships were like a journey, helping me to learn something about myself.
I get invited to a lot more glamorous parties since I've been in 'Downton Abbey,' which has made me much more fashion conscious.
I want to have a scene with Maggie Smith.
I quite like L.A.
I'm not very good with conventional, prim-and-proper people who are well-behaved, grown-up.
My husband is a martial artist, and he thinks it's hilarious that I have a stage-fighting-proficiency certificate. He thinks that's ridiculous. Can't say I've used it much.
I believe anything can happen.
