English,Actress
There's nothing wrong with falling in love and sharing your life with someone.
I love to start the morning with a mist spray, especially after a night out.
Ultimately, 'Cinderella' is the story of the underdog. You root for her in this fairytale; the girl who has nothing, deserves so much more, and gets it.
In regards to your love life, you're just entering into a whole of pain if you talk about it. If you've never said anything, there are no sound bites to haunt you when you're crying into a box of Kleenex after it all goes wrong.
As cynical as I can be, there's always a part of me that believes in love and the fairy tale.
I want to be Ursula in 'The Little Mermaid.'
It took me a while to warm to the '20s costumes on 'Downton.' I love it when women accentuate their curves, and that era was all about hiding them. The shapes they wore then were in tune with female empowerment. Cutting off their hair and hiding their busts was a way of saying, 'We're equal to men!'
I think our sense as actors of what we've just done - whether or not it be in an audition - is usually really not connected to any truth. I'm always asking for more takes and more goes. I think I just need to shut up and listen.
When people feel good, they look good.
'Cinderella' touches on loss, and there was definitely a strong sense of grief in my life.
I loved learning to fight and kill zombies.
I think everyone can feel like an outsider. I know I have. I've always felt like one.
I find cardio hard.
I love clothes but it's a struggle for me to get out of jeans and a baggy jumper.
I think it's probably best to work out in the morning to get it out of the way. My ultimate top tip is to drag yourself, even if you have to roll yourself out of your bed and in to a sit-up - it's really not that bad once you start.
I don't like seeing celebs looking too skinny, I love it when they look healthy and comfortable in their bodies and embrace their curves.
I really want to play interesting roles, but you want to work, so it's a balancing game.
I treated myself to a £700 Chloe bag after one of my first acting jobs. Then my friends pointed out that, for the same money, I could buy a flight to India. So I took it back.
I think I feel most like a princess when I'm sort of bursting with happiness and love, so whether that would be, like, with my boyfriend or my family or at a really fun party - just when you're full of life.
There are other things I want to focus on rather than staying in shape.
Any kid in the world can draw from strengths within - we all have the potential with that.
I'm learning a lot about how to be one of the 'good' actors. You'd hope that it's natural to be a good person, and kind, but I'm learning how to deal with long, sometimes boring days.
It's weird, the idea of someone else playing my dad, but weirdly nice.
My mom passed down to me her old Levi's denim jacket. When I left it on a plane, I was devastated. I've never been able to find anything with quite the same cool, faded look.
My dad lived on Sunset Boulevard for a couple of years as a waiter, and he said he'd do a different character every time somebody sat down, just to get some practice.
Mum would have a panic attack if she had to stand up and give a speech around a table.
The greatest thing is that usually the auditions you think are bad are the ones you get.
It's pretty disabling sometimes, the terror of not living up. My expectations are the worst.
My mum thinks I'm amazing at everything. That unconditional love is just the most precious thing you can have.
I have an amazing stylist; she's called Rebecca Corbin Murray... I go around to her living room, and it's sort of exploding with dresses, and we go through them all, and she's so good at picking things she knows I'll like, and we work together. She's taught me absolutely everything; she's brilliant.
I saw this cool interview with Amy Adams from when she did 'Enchanted' and played a princess, and when kids came up to her with no make-up and ripped jeans on, she said, 'I'm off duty. I'm an off-duty princess', and I thought that was quite sweet.
I live in dungarees, and I love denim - I wear denim shirts a lot.
I'm a real hoarder.
I think Keira Knightley is amazing, and I've heard also that she is one of the coolest, most down-to-earth, brilliant girls, and I really look up to her in that respect. She's got it all, really, and I think she's made interesting, bold choices in her work.
With corsets, it's interesting when you put them on, realizing that's what women actually wore. They're just so constricting.
I saw Cate Blanchett in 'Big and Small,' and it was mind-blowing. The fact that she can do theatre and is also a huge movie star is really exciting.
Sadly, I've never met Princess Kate.
To be honest, when I was growing up - I think it's because of Kate Winslet and 'Titanic' - I always wanted to do period.
I trained with Olympics Athlete Jeanette Kwakye - who is amazing! And Shani Anderson, who is an excellent Olympic runner. We trained five times a week; running, circuits, weights, working out in the gym, and on the track. It was an insane time.
I think Beyonce always looks great.
Why do women always get pointed at for their bodies?
The famous pilot season literally sends shivers down my spine.
You have to pretend to be cool, which I never am.
I admire actresses like Jennifer Lawrence, who says what she thinks.
When the board games came out of the cupboard when I was a kid, I had to beat my two brothers every time.
For exams, I swotted so hard because I couldn't bear the thought of not coming first.
Top athletes are like warriors.
In anything, I always give my all. I'm not a good loser.
God, I used to have really skinny-crap eyebrows. They were such an ugly disaster.
It's hard to see yourself as a princess because it involves a huge leap of the imagination and sort of requires you to believe you can be that, which is a scary, weird thing.
I'm dying to do a tiny indie and play something totally naturalistic without any sort of constraints on me. Something where I can shock everyone.
As an actor, you get a bit itchy to do something entirely different.
I feel like, sometimes, characters that are just good and nice can seem boring or uninteresting.
For girls growing up, sometimes I think they get the wrong idea for what women should look like.
Corsets are always hard to wear.
I really have been lucky because I've always had a very healthy attitude to my body.
I remember meeting the princesses at Disney World and getting their autographs.
No one looks twice at me when they're around, and 'Cinderella' has made no difference. And I know that isn't going to change.
Drama school was a lifeline for me, it saved me. I found it very nurturing - I just clung on.
I thought it'd be interesting to play an off-centre character who doesn't have to be pretty.
It's weird when you get roles that coincide with your life.
I love London, but I love traveling, and I don't think I'll be here forever. Possibly, I'd like to move to New York and do a play in New York.
I Googled myself, and I saw some nice things and some not-so-nice things. I've learned that that stuff isn't real, and it doesn't exist unless you look at it.
My dad did every single accent under the sun, and he would read bedtime stories.
You know that scene in 'Runaway Bride' when Julia Roberts puts on the amazing wedding dress and looks at herself in the mirror and goes, 'Swish, swish'? I loved that moment so much when I was a little girl.
