American,Actress
A group of us started a community center in Santa Monica. We've tried different programs, and three have worked really well. A poetry group. Once a week we visit Venice High and talk to girls at risk.
An instructor once told me that when there's resistence in your body, it's only because of the resistence in your mind. It's about getting inside the pose. Being the breath.
We're getting ready to take over the world. My group of girlfriends - we're renegades.
Both of my parents would say they were atheists, so where I inherited my connection to God I don't know. But it's natural. No Bible, no Torah, just the love religion.
Everyone has their story. Everyone has issues. You have to face your fears.
I have a desire to create more film, more beauty, more art, more love, but I don't feel desperate. It's not about creating or building a career.
My mother, brave woman, lost her whole family when she decided to marry a black man in the '60s. When the marriage fell apart, she had to come back to her family.
Having Zoe saved my life. It was my wake-up call. There were so many things I didn't want to pass on to her.
I felt devalued and disrespected. The energy behind it felt disingenuous and motivated by corporate profit.
I spent a lot of time feeling alienated and rejected.
I took solace in my relationship with God who, along with my dog, was my best friend growing up.
I was literally the black sheep of the family, and there were definitely moments of discomfort while my grandmother was working through her racism.
I work with youth offenders in LA, I've heard them speak and see how music manipulates them.
I'm part of an important movement that needs to happen.
I'm writing a film. With our access to these powerful media, we're going to take over, because it's really disgusting what is put out there now to be consumed.
It's from our sufferings that we form our consciousness.
It's okay to be a freak.
Let those who know know, and let me keep what little privacy I can.
My desire to participate in the business is not to make more crap.
My life is art. Its how I express God.
Once a week we go to juvenile hall and talk to boys there. Just go and spend a day in the juvenile courts.
Prisons are like the concentration camps of our time. So many go in and never come out, and primarily they're black and Latino.
Success made me self-sufficient, but it also took away my anonymity. I'm just this quiet nobody, and all of a sudden people are nervous around me. That was kind of weird.
That industry expects you to prove yourself over and over again. Do I stay doing this, or do I raise my daughter and live surrounded by people who love me? Wasn't even really a choice.
The Cosby years were a major part of my life, but it is the past; I don't really concentrate on it.
We use a Native American tradition of the talking stick. You sit and pass it around and whoever has the stick has to talk. Some people just hold it. Others really share.
