American,Actress
I've studied astrology for many, many years, and I feel like it's an incredibly challenging art.
I think Andrew Stanton is such an amazing, creative mind.
I went to Julliard where they use a lot of voice and speech exercises.
I can't really connect with things unless they are spiritual in nature, so I have to make acting spiritual for myself, and each role a spiritual journey for me.
I started doing karate at four, my parents were karatekas. I stopped when I was 17 and went to Julliard and had a lot of stage combat there.
The way that I work is very specific, very thorough, and the process has to be totally clear.
I'm Irish and Cherokee Indian. I can't faint.
I'm a trained martial artist. My parents were both martial artists.
Every role that you accept makes you grow in some way. It's part of the creative process.
The truth for me is that I've been doing independent film since the get-go, so that's a big passion of mine, but the big ones are really fun, too. I like my world to be eclectic.
I feel like part of your job as an actor is you're going to get noticed, and the more successful you get, the more noticed you are. It's kind of like a Catch-22.
In my career, I've really wanted to sort of be a morpher and not show my own identity.
What I do is very spiritual to me. I can't really connect with things unless they are spiritual in nature, so I have to make acting spiritual for myself, and each role a spiritual journey for me.
From the beginning of time, we've told stories, Shamans and Medicine People, and not to be pompous about it, but I feel like that is the lineage I take down and where I come from. There is magic to storytelling.
They're really competitive at drama in Texas.
I will say that Lynda Carter is an awesome woman.
I went to a private school in Singapore and they had an incredible arts program. Every day I was doing something artistic.
My family are very, very religious in Texas. They're Southern Baptists. I left to go to New York when I was 17 and I realised I wasn't Southern Baptist. That's not how I am inclined.
