Australian,Actress
People take such an interest in your love life when you have a profile; it puts a lot of stress on a relationship.
To do all your own stunts, you have to be so strong.
Playing a bad guy is always more fun than playing the good guy.
That's precisely what we do as actors: try to convince the audience we are somebody else. And if you can do that, you are really doing something.
I'm not extravagant. I share my house in London with five roommates. I take the Tube. I intend to stay the exact same person I always was.
Certainly there's a huge appeal to the '60s, because it was such a big turning point to everyone. It was the era of change, the boiling point. People rebelled against things - the hippies, the feminists, the protesters. All these things just built up and boiled over. I think people can relate to that today.
There's nothing I dislike more than being in a photo shoot where they say, 'Be yourself.' That's not why I became an actress. That's what I find so funny: that you become an actor, and all of a sudden, everyone wants to know about you. But I didn't become an actor so I could show you me.
I live with three boys, and I can't tell you how hard it is to get your hands on toilet paper. They steal it.
I have many moments of self doubt. Everybody does.
I say this about everything: when I was on 'Neighbours,' I said, 'These are the best years of my life!' When I was filming 'The Wolf Of Wall Street,' I said, 'These are the best months of my life!' I always think I'm having the best time ever, and that I'll never have so much fun again.
It's always good to have a story arch.
Everyone's set the bar really high and expects me to be brilliant.
I've got big, big dreams for the future.
Where I'm from on the Gold Coast, we say that there are a lot of 'cashed-up Bogans,' you know, people with no class but a lot of money.
You should have seen me at 14, with braces and glasses, gangly and doing ballet!
If someone's gonna pick between me and Emma Stone, they're gonna pick Emma Stone.
It's almost impossible to get a movie all together when there are two main cast members, let alone an ensemble cast with everyone's schedules. It's crazy if it works out.
I've worked everywhere. I worked in a warehouse packing surf supplies, a restaurant washing dishes, in retail, and I was a 'sandwich artist' at Subway.
I have to keep explaining to people that screen kissing isn't quite the same; it's close, but it isn't quite the same as a normal, real-life kiss.
I swear I'm not bossy in any other aspect of my life - it's just on set.
Honestly, my dating life according to the tabloids is very exciting, and the most hilarious thing is that it's nowhere near as exciting as the tabloids have ever made it out to be.
I love flying so much. I even like airplane food. No one bothers you and your phone never goes off and you can't have emails go through. It's undisturbed.
Something I realized when I moved to America: people get these general American accents, but when they get angry or upset or excited, their original accents come out. It's something I noticed with my manager, because he's from New York, and the first time he got angry, he suddenly had this accent.
I get miserable if I don't eat.
I'd love them to have adorable little American accents, but I do want to bring my kids up in Australia; it's such a good lifestyle.
There is a real sense of family when you're around Australians, even if you don't know them.
I'm one extreme or the other. I'm not good at doing moderation.
I always wanted to play ice hockey back in Australia, I'm not sure why, but we didn't have any ice where I lived. It was very hot - a coastal town.
Being irrational and out of control is what happens in real life. Not cautiously choreographing your anger or your emotions, losing yourself in them is what happens in real life.
People ask me, 'How do you remember your lines?' That's nothing. That is the least of my concerns.
I have no concept of modesty anymore.
I gravitate towards monochromes. I always sort of either wear white or black or cream. I really like wearing colorful things as well, but I'm a sucker for cream-colored.
I kind of like pony tails, beards, maybe a tattoo. My massive obsession - I'm really targeting a niche market here - a hair lip.
I now know how to steal a watch when someone's wearing it. It's an excellent talent to have.
It's not about being rich, but everyone back home has a pool. And I was a total water baby. My mom couldn't get me out - she'd put my dinner plate at the end of the pool, and I'd eat my meals in the water.
I learned a lot about pain and suffering during 'Pan Am.' We had to wear very constricting period-correct girdles and bras. After that, I learned to read a script with an eye toward the undergarments.
I made a conscious decision not to date actors.
I know that my look is more 'toothpaste model' as opposed to artsy, which sucks because I can play those roles.
If I looked good in 'Wolf of Wall Street,' I cannot take full credit; it was because of the hair extensions and makeup.
My mother's family raised grains and crops. My father's grew sugarcane and mangos. So I knew more about the basics of farming than of acting.
People ask me all the time what it is about Australia that produces so many big stars. Honestly, I believe it is a combination of things. Our education standards are quite high, but our industry is very limited. Yet we're very aware of the industry - everyone goes to the theater, sees TV shows.
I still have my agent back in Australia keeping an eye on things there, and we are trying to find the right job which will bring me home to shoot.
I have been robbed a bunch of times. And now that I know how to pickpocket, I understand why I have been pickpocketed so many times.
I am unobservant.
If there aren't roles you want to play, then you've kind of got to create them.
When I first tried the American accent, for a moment I thought I could never be an actor because I just could not do it. But then I thought, 'Okay, it'll just be something that I work at until I get it.'
Someone told me that you could learn to sing, and that there are muscles that if you build, you will sing.
There is something about being people from your home country in a different country. It bonds you together.
Ironically, I don't like having cameras in my face.
I'm never happier than when I'm on set.
The two things I've been told most often since my career took off - by taxi drivers, lifelong friends and everyone in between - have been, 'Don't ever change, Margot' and 'You can't do that anymore, Margot.'
It's just terrible: I miss flights all the time, more than I probably catch one.
I have never been a cynical person.
I'd rather trust nine people and have the 10th one stab me in the back. I'd take that fall in order to have those nine friendships or working relationships instead of having none. That's not living.
The most frustrating thing is picking up a script and loving the roles in it except the female ones... It's really annoying and something I've striven to change in the industry.
I get very into my sports.
My mum is just the sweetest person on Earth, and if I turned into her, I wouldn't be that upset at all; in fact, it would be an honour.
It irritates me so much the way people talk about soaps because it is far more difficult working on a soap than it is on a big studio film.
Any time I have any time off, I try to travel.
I always have more fun when I stay in hostels - you just meet so many more people. A hotel makes sense when you're doing work things, but travelling, you don't really get a feel for a place if you're in a hotel. I find it seems to make it all feel like everywhere else.
People negotiate their way around how a human mind works and find blind points. That's how people steal effectively.
A movie shoots six months for two hours of film.
I have an irrational fear that I'm going to have a gruesome and untimely death because so many wonderful things are happening to me.
My jet lag is getting a bit ridiculous. But, you know, it's first-world problems. It's a wonderful problem, 'Oh I have to travel around the world; how awful.'
I started working on a TV show in Australia, straight out of high school, so I missed the whole university experience.
I'm a bit of a tomboy.
My hockey is good, but my ice skating is terrible. It's a bit of a mess to watch!
It seems to be the way I get jobs - I book a holiday, I get to the other side of the world, then I'll get the job.
If I have to get into a bikini, then I eat carrot sticks for three days.
You don't leave Australia unless you are passionate. Any Australian actor who comes to America is really committed. There are no dabblers - it's all or nothing.
If you've worked in Australia, you can't get away with bad behaviour like showing up late. We take our work ethic very seriously.
People don't really know about 'Neighbours' in America, and if they have heard of it, it's only in the context of 'Oh, sure, that's what Guy Pearce was on', or Kylie Minogue.
It was actually nice to get a fresh, clean slate when I came to America.
There are things in life that don't come to me naturally, and social media and the Internet and all those things are some of them, somewhere between taxes and cooking!
If people are talking about me, I want it to be because of the work I'm doing and not the person I'm seeing.
I'm pretty open, and when I do interviews, I end up blabbing.
'Everything happens for a reason' is something that we have to tell ourselves all the time, because it's good to have the idea that something good is around the corner.
'Wolf of Wall Street' opened up a lot of doors for me. It was such a massive opportunity, which provided me with only more opportunities.
Chemistry is so important and so unpredictable. Sometimes you get in a room with someone where aesthetically you make perfect sense as a couple, and then you read, and you're both kind of sitting there like, 'This isn't working for some strange reason; it just doesn't really pop.'
No one in my family had ever done anything acting-wise or entertainment industry-wise.
I won't take parts where the female character has no substance.
Once people see you pulling off one role, they think you're a safe bet to do a similar role.
