American,Actress
Chocolate is the first luxury. It has so many things wrapped up in it: Deliciusness in the moment, childhood memories, and that grin-inducing feeling of getting a reward for being good.
The experience of being cared for is profound, and it nourishes the soul as much as the food does the body.
My weekends are extremely precious.
I am grateful that I didn't let fear get the best of me. It only holds you back from possibilities and greatness.
Sometimes things in life happen that allow us to understand our priorities very clearly. Ultimately you can see those as gifts.
When I was pregnant, I was so huge and people on the bus would get up for me. That made me feel so precious and valued and valuable. I try to treat everyone like they're pregnant.
You've got to kick fear to the side, because the payoff is huge.
If you stop for one second and do something, everyone is happy. You pay it forward and it comes back to you twelve-fold.
When you see a girl like me bustin' perps, there ain't no time to be pretty.
Surviving and thriving in the wake of my mother's loss, I learned to believe in God. He has a plan, if you pay attention to the signs. I am inspired by the absolute proof of miracles.
It's a life's journey of finding ourselves, finding our power, and living for yourself, not for everyone else.
I'm an L.A. girl who became a tough New York cop.
I have a more developed sense of my priorities. Life has so much more meaning now.
You know how you wake up in the morning and sometimes you look gorgeous and other times you look like you got hit by a mack truck? I realized that my mack truck is food. If I have no sugar, yeast or wine, I have no undereye bags and my skin is perfect.
I want to be a fun mom. Not a gasping for air mom.
When my body is strong, I feel stronger inside. I feel more capable of handling emotional situations. Usually I'm more of a inside-out person, but this was a great case of me from the outside in.
If I eat clean, I look 10 years younger.
When I was in my early 20s, I had my hair permed. Bad idea! It turned into total frizz. My advice to women is, if you have nice hair already, don't get a perm, leave your hair alone!
I think people were expecting me to be that kind of glamorous sexpot. So they were always, Wow you're not what I expected.
When I read the script sometimes, it's like 'Christ! Enough!' I can't sleep at night sometimes. There's the occasional script that just hammers you, that you can't shower off.
As an actress, there were so many months, years even, when I didn't get work, when I wanted to quit.
You make sacrifices to become a mother, but you really find yourself and your soul.
I have so much love that I didn't even know about.
Yes. I did more research than I ever wanted to and saw some things I wish I didn't. I went on ride-alongs, spent time with Homicide, Cold Case, and SVU detectives, hung out in subways learning how to spot pervs and pick-pockets, viewed an autopsy, went to a police firing range, and witnessed court cases and I read, read, read.
I am proud to be a role model for my viewers. I am finding out that helping victims is as or more rewarding the all the awards I win.
There's the occasional script that just hammers you, that you can't shower off.
