American,Actress
I look back at old photographs and videotapes, and I go, Who was I trying to be? Who was I doing this for?
I created a production company. Right now I am so happy in my work.
I was homecoming queen. I was star of my basketball team.
I'm happy to have had everything healed. We're fine.
I was made to believe there was a plan in place for ending Donald's previous marriage. I pulled away because I wanted to allow him the time to deal with his wife.
Donald and I still really wanted to be together, but I was fighting to keep what we had privately, and once the world gets involved in your life, little by little it breaks it down until you forget what it was in the first place.
Every story was being made up. My true friends weren't the ones speaking. It was people who never knew me, making up stories. Even my local paper put a $1,000 bounty out for information about my whereabouts.
He works his business and manipulates and keeps himself in front of the world.
He's part of the product and will make no bones about creating that image to bring the value up in his product, bring the value up in everything he touches.
I don't think he cheated on me. During the marriage, I think he was there.
I finally said, I can't live being carried by this wake.
I have a little baby. She knows who I am. My friends know. My family knows.
I met Donald Trump in '85. I ran into him several times throughout the years. We knew we had this connection, but it wasn't appropriate timing. So we'd spend a lot of time on the telephone. By '88, I knew I truly loved this guy.
I think what he loved about me the most was that I wasn't part of that world. But once we were together publicly, he wanted to change me into that social animal.
I was holding a reserve inside all along. When you're with someone as powerful as Donald, you have no choice. You can get lost within that power if you're not careful.
I went to work. That was a turning point. When you have to do eight shows a week and your name is on the marquee, no matter what is going on at home or what's on the cover of the newspapers, you've got to do your job.
I'm not a big believer in a thing called luck. I believe it has a lot to do with fate and just really having a vision of the way you would see your life.
I've always modeled myself after Ginger.
If we could have somehow stayed away from the public and the press, it might have been different, but every private issue seemed to be played out on the front page.
My personal life was fair game. And that's what hurt me.
The problem with losing your anonymity is that you can never go back.
This relationship is going to be built on trust.
Tiffany is very proud to have the last name and she's proud of her dad.
What was a really private and nice relationship was judged and made to be something ugly.
When I was 18, I joined the Screen Actors Guild, and after college I came to New York.
When that man wants something, he'll stop at nothing to get it. And I also believed in the good of him.
