American,Actress
I'm concerned about the ocean and the environment. And I love whales.
Auditions are hard. You should see what most of the women look like when I audition for things - they look like they should be on the catwalk.
Relationships are complicated no matter what style of parenting you choose.
I don't want to say everything happens for a reason but every day is lined up right next to the other one for a reason. The best you can do is do each day well with kindness and as a good person.
I have a neuroscience background - that's what my doctorate is in - and I was trained to study hormones of attachment, so I definitely feel my parenting is informed by that.
I'm definitely on the spectrum of socially awkward.
Being a caregiver for your child is part of the job description of being a mammal.
To be honest, it's considered very late to start acting at 11 and a half, for the industry. Most kids are doing it from toddlerhood on.
I basically look like a lot of modern Orthodox people you know, but I work on a TV show where I sometimes have to kiss Jim Parsons. That's why I don't take on the title of modern Orthodox, but in terms of ideology and theology I pretty much sound like a liberal modern Orthodox person.
I think neuroscience is obviously very esoteric, but I think there are aspects of it that can absolutely be brought down to the level of an interested 11-, 12-, 13-year-old easily.
When you're used to being prepared to reject conventional wisdom, it leaves you open to learn more.
I came to parenting the way most of us do - knowing nothing and trying to learn everything.
Drama is what I did before 'Blossom.'
I like bold colors but usually wear black.
I'm good with a script.
I was always kind of a school person - my parents were teachers, and my grandparents were immigrants, so their big thing was, 'Go to college, go to college, go to college.'
Breast-feeding is the natural, optimal way to feed a child.
Sleeping with your child, wearing your child in a sling as opposed to pushing them around in expensive strollers, those are things that matter biologically and sociologically for the structure of a family.
My first son didn't really take a bottle, and I didn't like giving bottles.
I do believe babies are born potty-trained. They're born knowing and are able to give subtle signals that become very prominent if you reinforce them.
The level of communication you can achieve with an infant is really profound.
I'm technically a vegan, but I do eat egg if it's in things.
A lot of stuff I wear I've had since high school.
I don't wear pants, or like them; I'm a Jewish woman who's made the decision to wear skirts, so I wear mostly skirts past the knee.
I'm generally intimidated by adults.
I was raised on the purest comedy there is: 'I Love Lucy.' I was raised watching 'Three's Company' and sitcoms of the '70s and '80s.
I've never had a sinus infection or been on antibiotics since cutting out dairy.
I don't care much about conforming.
I'm big on my kids being conventionally polite, and it works really well for them.
