American,Actress
The great gift of human beings is that we have the power of empathy.
Acting is not about being someone different. It's finding the similarity in what is apparently different, then finding myself in there.
Everything we say signifies; everything counts, that we put out into the world. It impacts on kids, it impacts on the zeitgeist of the time.
Don't give up or give in in the face of patronising ridicule, amused disdain, or being ignored.
There's no road map on how to raise a family: it's always an enormous negotiation.
I'm really interested in the collaborative thing. It's what makes it scary because you never know what it's going to end up like. But you hope. You put yourself in the hands of the best people you can find, and you're completely dependent on the kindness of strangers and their commitment. It's like this mutual delusion.
Grace, respect, reserve, and empathetic listening are qualities sorely missing from the public discourse now.
Don't waste so much time thinking about how much you weigh. There is no more mind-numbing, boring, idiotic, self-destructive diversion from the fun of living.
I want to feel my life while I'm in it.
I think you have to listen to the people who are deeply unhappy. You have to find the source of it and not overreact to the craziness in it.
You can't get spoiled if you do your own ironing.
Integrate what you believe in every single area of your life. Take your heart to work and ask the most and best of everybody else, too.
You can't strategize falling in love, can you? It's never worked. People love you the most and set you up, and it doesn't work because you can't predict these things. You fall in love serially.
Hillary Clinton has taken some fire over 40 years of her fight for families and children. How does she do it? That's what I want to know. Where does she get her grit and her grace? Where do any of our female firsts, our pathbreakers, where do they find that strength?
I think the most liberating thing I did early on was to free myself from any concern with my looks as they pertained to my work.
Motherhood has a very humanizing effect. Everything gets reduced to essentials.
Some people are filled by compassion and a desire to do good, and some simply don't think anything's going to make a difference.
I'm curious about other people. That's the essence of my acting. I'm interested in what it would be like to be you.
The interesting thing about being a mother is that everyone wants pets, but no one but me cleans the kitty litter.
Personality is immediately apparent, from birth, and I don't think it really changes.
It is well that the earth is round that we do not see too far ahead.
What does it take to be the first female anything? It takes grit, and it takes grace.
I have a very clear understanding of what my voice is. It's like a B voice. It hovers around B-minus, B-plus. I have great friends who are wonderful singers, and I know I'll never be able to do that. But singing through a character is something I can do.
I was offered, within one year, three different witch roles. It was almost like the world was saying - or the studios were saying - 'We don't know what to do with you.'
It's amazing how easily people are led to fury and chaos. Unhappy people with guns are not going to make this country great.
You just have to keep on doing what you do. It's the lesson I get from my husband; he just says, Keep going. Start by starting.
The more you are in this business, the more humbled by it you become.
I had this sort of idolatry for certain actors who preceded me, people who inspired me, so I'm honored to be that way for young actors.
I'm older. There's some sort of seniority. As a matter of fact, the seniority ebbs as you get older.
I have four to five months, tops, per year to give to my acting work.
There are wonderfully talented actresses. It's a really rich field. There isn't as rich a field of material.
All that attention to the perfect lighting, the perfect this, the perfect that, I find terribly annoying.
I believe in imagination. I did Kramer vs. Kramer before I had children. But the mother I would be was already inside me.
I don't like to be gone all weekend and at night too. Because for 20 years, I've had children who are in school.
I didn't have any confidence in my beauty when I was young. I felt like a character actress, and I still do.
I can't stand most things that I see.
How you first meet the public is how the industry sees you. You can't argue with them. That's their perception.
I have a holistic need to work and to have huge ties of love in my life. I can't imagine eschewing one for the other.
My job is usually to express emotion as freely as possible.
I need to go where people are serious about acting.
The reason I chose the movies that I did was based on where they were being filmed.
I think your self emerges more clearly over time.
Sometimes with my children, I remember exactly how I felt as the child in this situation, not just how it feels to be me.
Enough people write about me every day without even interviewing me.
My family really does come first. It always did and always will.
Show business has been really, really good to me because I can work and take a lot of time off, and I'm extremely undisciplined person.
For me, clothes are kind of character; I don't follow fashion or understand trends.
If I am not confident that I can portray the character perfectly on screen, I won't even try.
I couldn't care less about fashion. If I had taken any clothes home, they would have remained in my closet for the rest of their existence.
Expensive clothes are a waste of money.
There are improbable things suspended in space, like the earth.
America doesn't reward people of my age, either in day-to-day life or for their performances.
Service is the only thing that's important about love. Everybody is worried about 'losing yourself' - all this narcissism. Duty. We can't stand that idea now either... But duty might be a suit of armor you put on to fight for your love.
I remember, as I was hovering around 40, I thought each movie would be my last, really.
The aggregate of everybody's emotion, it's such a powerful thing. You can see it in the Trump rallies, where people - I just know, in their living rooms, would be better people - are driven to the worst possibilities by the bloodlust in a crowd. It just gets ginned up, and they're outside of themselves.
I have a pretty good idea of what I am not good at and have it front and centre of my consciousness every minute I am doing it.
I think we all think we sound really good in the shower, where there's that nice reverb, and the water's drowning you out, and there is some liberation in the freedom of being totally alone and really going for it.
I didn't really like opera. I liked cheerleading and boys and, later, smoking. So my opera career was cut short when I was 15. My dad got sick, and we couldn't afford the lessons, so I stopped and became a cheerleader and wrecked my voice.
I think I'm not a natural performer; I think I'm an actor.
I know what I do and what it means to me and where its sources lie, and that's mine. It still is mine.
Men should look at the world as if something is wrong when their voices predominate. They should feel it.
People at agencies and studios, including the parent boards, might look around the table at the decision-making level and feel something is wrong if half their participants are not women. Because our tastes are different, what we value is different. Not better, different.
Disney, who brought joy, arguably, to billions of people, was, perhaps, or had some... racist proclivities. He formed and supported an anti-Semitic industry lobby. And he was certainly, on the evidence of his company's policies, a gender bigot.
I don't know very much about, honestly, about the Middle East, and yet I've played a lot of different people from a lot of different cultures. The thing that I notice is that we're all - there is a core of humanity that travels right through every culture. And, after all, we're all from Africa originally.
Leave me to the thing I love. I love acting. But being called 'the greatest living actress' - a designation not even my mother would sanction - is the opposite of good or valuable or useful. It is a curse for a working actor.
I can't do a lot of things, like golf. I don't like golf. I mean, I really don't, because I tend to like things that I can do right away. If I can't do it right away, I don't like it.
I let the actions of my life stand for what I am as a human being. Contend with that, not the words.
When I was a kid, when I was 16, 17, I'd come home from high school, and my dad collected all of Barbra Streisand's records. And she was very young then. I think she probably had three records out, and she was 21, and we had them all. And I knew every single song, every breath, every elision, every swell. And I sang along to it.
It's a good thing to imagine yourself doing something you think you can't. I do that every day because, basically, if I had it my way, I'd just stay home and think about what I'm having for supper.
I go to a lot of movies where people are all around me laughing, and I feel like I'm from outer space because I find it dangerous and stupid and horrible and degrading to women and all these things.
I know movies are a function of our dream world. And when you project yourself on screen, it's easier to project yourself into what you were, not what you are.
You can't suppress the things that make us human. It's pointless to try.
