Australian,Actress
I think you go through a period as a teenager of being quite cool and unaffected by things.
I like working intensely, then going away and thinking about it, working out why it didn't work and then coming back to it. It makes the work richer, I think.
It's a career that's enticing because you go on stage, for example, and people clap. You get that affirmation, but you can't go into acting for that because it's really your own self-belief that's going to get you through.
I ask myself, 'What is the value of acting and the attention that actors get? And yet there are so many people in the world doing incredible things for mankind, and they don't get much attention.' I do question about that, but I don't think I would've been a great doctor. I think I would've been a good surgeon. That fascinated me.
I think that's the kind of women that people are interested in. They're interested in strong women characters who are stronger than the male characters sometimes, in some ways. That's what's interesting and attractive about women.
I always feel this huge responsibility to the script when it arrives, keeping it confidential.
Acting is a freelance career... you never stop having to prove yourself and fight for work.
The guys on the stunt team are really fantastic. It's really funny, because for all the aggression they have to display on screen, they're actually really happy, good- natured people.
It's good to see a man who isn't afraid to live out his masculinity.
The detective genre is not easy because you've got to get to a conclusion that is unexpected.
It is hard sometimes to see how other actors are working when you are working with them.
I'd always had a big thing for the '60s.
I think film likes me better than the theatre does for some reason.
Young actors are serious about their work and don't take any time out from it. I'm very serious about my work; there are probably only two films I've done where I had a really good time.
Every director is completely different.
If there is a book that the script came from you have to read it, you have to see what you can get out of it: mood, back story and things that may not even be in the film. They kick off your imagination and broaden the character, I think.
England is very interested as well, and other countries if I could speak the languages!
Everyone says you should get a photo taken of yourself while you're pregnant. I've got a film. It'll be nice for my daughter, too, to look at one day. She was in it.
I'm so fair that I didn't go in the sun as a child. When all my friends were on the beach, I was going to ballet. The teachers there didn't like you going in the sun, so I never did.
Some scripts you read and say, 'I've just got to do this' and you find a way of making it work. Some things you turn down because of the impact on family.
You are being hit with tabloid-journalism bi-lines of what you are doing because you have suddenly become a star.
It could be a stupid thing to say, but people should realize that it is easy to get concerned about yourself and to lose contact.
I have plenty to look forward to, I'm sure.
I've made my peace with being in the spotlight, definitely.
Around the time of 'The Lord of the Rings,' it was a shock to me just how big it is to be on that kind of media juggernaut. It was a big thing and the scrutiny was shocking.
There's such big pressure on people who are incredibly famous, on those who have people sitting outside their front door and taking photos every time they move.
I think, with TV, you create kind of a family to work with.
There's a film I did years ago, 'Love Serenade,' that I still really love. It's such an oddball sense of humor. It was a really special film for me when I did it.
Premieres are pretty fun, but probably the most fun was when I went to see 'The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King,' and I'd just flown in from Africa, and I hadn't even seen the movie yet. So, the first time I saw it was at the premiere. It was really fun.
People often say, 'I thought you were much taller.' So, I don't know. Maybe it's the way I stand or something.
I think most big stars do have just a certain amount of mystery; you don't know everything.
I tend to not think about the kind of movie things I want to be doing, because I've worked in all sorts of different places, and I've spent all sorts of time in England, and I'd still do things in Australia and in America.
Usually, I end up looking for something completely different to who I last played. But there is just a spark that's lit when I read a script or character I want to play.
Alison Carr on 'Homeland.' She was such great character to play, so clever and full of surprises. I was sad to see her go.
QVB have a long history of supporting Australian talent.
I enjoyed playing someone who is a professional, intelligent, defined by her work and not her role as a wife or mother.
Certain characters get to me and stay with me for a while.
Acting is bluffing, pretending to be something.
I think 'Rake' was a very clever crossover, actually, because it does lend itself to the city of L.A.
That is definitely something that I feel more comfortable with now. When I did 'Lord of the Rings,' it was something I wasn't quite prepared for, I didn't know how to deal with that sort of attention, and I kind of shied away from that, but I'm better at dealing with that now - a lot better.
In everything I do, I like to set the idea for girls that they can do anything. I was really moved by Hillary Clinton's speech when she lost the election - she didn't want young girls to feel like it wasn't possible and wanted them to know a female president will eventually happen. That's important.
There are so many successful women working in intelligence, but it's still seen as a male-dominated world.
I've been on shows where they're just setting it up, and they're trying to find the tone of the writing and performance. That's always a really chaotic period on shows.
It's so great to come in and do something where you know how strong the format of the show is and you're working with writers and directors who worked on the original show. It feels like you're going into a well-run ship already. Then it's just a matter of creating these new characters.
That fascinated me. I used to watch all these operations on TV and thought it would be really cool to do that.
I was cast in a film toward the end of high school. Even then, I wasn't sure.
I got into medicine at university, then deferred a year to see. Then I started acting and just never went back to university.
Sometimes, as a young woman, you are boxed in more to playing characters that are emotional and vulnerable.
I have been really lucky to play roles younger than myself for most of my career.
As your career goes on, you get to flex your brain a little more and play characters that are stronger and more intelligent.
In the past, I was always drawn to really quirky, idiosyncratic characters.
I worry about my sides. I worry where everything goes. I worry that I'm going to be the leak. I give all my scripts back!
I really like research.
I just feel like TV takes more risks than film. Film has gotten very safe: it's very compartmentalized about what type of things will be successful. And whereas in TV, since all these new platforms opened, they're saying to writers, go out there, write the most different show that you can write. Write something that's really original and different.
