English,Actress
Communication is something we all take for granted.
I enjoy finding the right word and giving each its full measure, its full space in a sentence.
Mummy was absolutely the rock in my life. It was not that I didn't love my father; he was such a quiet man, and she was not. She was the most vivid person I have ever known. She was accomplished and brave and fearless. She used to say to me, 'I want you to be able to talk to anyone about anything.'
From my earliest days, reading was my passion, and at Cambridge, where I studied English literature, my intellectual life deepened and grew.
If I could give my younger self one piece of advice, I would say, 'Lose weight.'
I know that a lot of my life is spent thinking about crisps and eating crisps and hating myself for eating crisps. It's just not worth it. Or it wouldn't be if crisps weren't so delicious.
I really have fallen in love with myself.
I've always felt that Donald Trump was a Dickensian character because he is so ridiculous. With his hair and his arrogance, he is certainly Dickensian in his absurdity.
I'm not a comedian, but I do make people laugh. I'm good at it.
I don't have a very positive attitude towards rappers.
The curious thing is that I embraced homosexuality with as much joy and delight as I've embraced everything else in my life.
My vocabulary is vast and expert, and I don't think I overuse any word.
Anti-Semitism is a rotten thing. It's an ignorant, stupid, horrible thing. As is anti-Muslim feeling. They have to be together.
Unfortunately, I don't know many black people.
People who were gay were pitied and ridiculed by my parents - they had no modern sense of people being allowed to be who they were.
I think all actors get scared because we're frightened to disappoint.
I may have a talent for acting, but I am incapable of doing anything else.
The first piece of property that I bought was in Tuscany in 1973.
While researching my ancestry I have unearthed many skeletons. It would seem that I come from a long line of ne'er-do-wells, especially on my mother's side.
I love political cartoons from the 19th century, and whenever I complete a piece of acting work that I'm particularly proud of, be it a film or play, I treat myself to a picture by caricaturist James Gillray.
Old people have a much better time in India because they're respected.
I wouldn't consider retiring to India: there are too many people, and it's difficult walking along the pavements. I'd love to spend two or three months a year there.
I want a comfortable old age and to be looked after - I have arthritis - and money is a factor.
I have a class prejudice - against the upper class, which is foolish.
I've been fat my whole life and pretended I don't mind. But I do mind. It's really stupid that I've gone on being greedy and fat.
I'm going to be 75 in May. How can I have lived this long and not know anything?
In terms of my development as an artist, playing Professor Sprout wasn't all that important because she is well within my capabilities as an actress. But in terms of marketability, it made an enormous difference.
I want to explore the range of emotions it is possible to feel.
It's shameful to admit, but it's been a bit of a lifelong affair, and I do now feel I'm as good as it gets. I'm honourable, kind, friendly, warm, intelligent, generous, and I've got a good sense of humour.
I've never been someone who is cast for having a lovely figure but for whatever qualities I could possibly bring to a role, so I'm still castable.
I think Britain is a bit class-ridden. People tend to be judged by how rounded their vowels are.
I don't like 'comedy,' I like 'life,' which has everything in it.
Home is wherever I hang my hat.
My partner of 45 years is Australian, and a big part of her character is that marvellous quality of irony which Aussies possess. I relish their humour and sense of fairness.
That's one reason India is an attractive proposition for retiring. Servants are much more reasonable than in England. It's not exploitation so long as you pay a proper salary.
What's the difference between herpes and love? Herpes is forever.
I refused to be filmed getting off a bus twice. The director said, 'I'm an award-winning director. Please do it', and I said, 'I never thought I'd say this, but I'm an award-winning actress with a bad leg, and if your film depends on seeing me get in and out of a bus, we're in trouble.'
I should have got thin, but I eat too much. I hate the word 'moderation.'
As long as I am working, I am grateful and happy.
I don't think people realise how important it is to have your blood pressure checked. Stroke is so sudden, so catastrophic.
I don't like class distinction, and there is far too much of that in England.
I've burnt my boats, and there they are - smouldering in public view.
I have to keep working because, although I have land, I'm not cash rich and don't have the wealth of high-profile actresses - don't say I'm an 'actor.' That's a bit too modern.
I wish I had a million in the bank. I like round figures. I am a round figure.
I'd have thought my particular brand of quirkiness, combined with sharp intelligence and a fine voice, would have yielded more. But it hasn't. Yet!
I cannot accept violence.
It's very hard to talk about Palestine to Jewish people - they see me as a betrayer.
I believe Jews are compassionate people because of what we've suffered. We must not put that suffering onto others.
It makes me very sad. Everyone's afraid of each other - Jews are afraid of Palestinians, Palestinians are afraid of Jews. Everywhere I see fear, not understanding. Reason went out of the window a long time ago.
I was terribly upset not to be in 'Dickensian,' so I pretend to look down on it. The part I should have played, Mrs. Gamp, is done brilliantly by Pauline Collins, but I entered this world for no other reason than to play that part.
I was waiting for a train at Waverley Station in Edinburgh. My knee was hurting, so I asked a young man for his seat. He replied, 'There's one over there'. I said, 'Please', and when he refused I poured my water over him.
Everything's harder for women: harder to start, to stay employed, to run a life with a family.
I've been very lucky - I've worked consistently, and I haven't had to kiss a lot of people on stage.
I can't recall a bad review - maybe I'm due one. But the worst thing would be if somebody said I was inaudible. Reach your audience's ears - only then can you reach their hearts.
I very much regret that I haven't been taken more seriously. I would love to have been at the National or the RSC.
I don't understand why gay people are so anxious to get married.
I support children's charities; I just don't want them around me. It's not very admirable, but it's the truth.
It's so important that people know there was a time before the NHS. It makes them appreciate it more.
I want people to be open to the idea of sitting down and reading a Dickens book. They will also have a great time.
With television, attention spans have been shortened. It's something we have to fight against: the dumbing down of the audience. To be part of an audience is a privilege. To be with the people on stage, to let them reach you. If you're doing a million other things, they won't reach you.
What most infuriates me is the cell phones. If I see someone texting during the show, I walk off the stage.
Where I think the American actor is slightly at a disadvantage is in vocal technique. I don't think that words are their friend in the same way that English actors are used to using words: understanding about consonance and how to shade a vowel to show emotional color.
The American actor is much more used to being physically relaxed and using their bodies better, and English actors are a little bit unrelaxed, but they're better at vocal technique.
I studied English literature in university, and then I went straight into radio.
I'm not sure I approve of theatre as a university course. I think theatre's something you do. I mean, literature is a subject; theatre is practical.
Being in Australia makes me happy. My partner is Australian, and my home is in Australia, and it's ridiculous not to be Australian - it's a logical step to take.
I think I should be described as 'bi' - not bisexual, because I'm not - I'm gay - but 'binational' because I retain British nationality, and I add to it being Australian, which is like having your cake and eating it.
I am not the sort of person who divests myself of everything that came before I came to Australia. I want to take all the knowledge and experiences I gained when I was in England and put it at the service of Australia because I have to bring something to Australia - not just money but myself.
It would be absurd to say I'm not British - you can hear it when I speak.
One of the worst things about ageing is the waning of your physical powers. I live in a house with 64 stairs, and I cannot run up and down them any more; my knee has conked out.
Getting older is a hideous experience; I'm so glad I only have to do it once. But I've kept my mind, my career, my relationship, and I have enough money - I've been blessed.
I don't care what I look like. I must be comfortable. Some of my friends have plastic surgery and Botox, but I'm not interested in it.
My looks have changed, but I was never beautiful, so I'm not any less beautiful now.
My father was a doctor, so I thought I was going to be a doctor, too, but I couldn't do maths; I couldn't do science. I was hopeless at chemistry.
