British,Actress
You don't need to follow trends to be stylish.
It's true about the eyes being the window to the soul. Your face can be etched with worry, and twisted by ageing, but the eyes tell the true story of who you are.
I cry at random things, like a flower, or someone giving me a present, or my sister giving me a nice hug.
Your boss is only human and just wants the best from you.
I think the role of the Bond woman has changed so much over the years that it now doesn't follow a typical archetypical view. Before, it was very much a beautiful woman who didn't contribute much and who usually ended up getting killed or was arm candy for Bond. But now the women in a Bond movie have so much more to offer.
I did not enjoy Cambridge. But I shouldn't blame Cambridge alone. I wasn't ready for university or for the wrench of leaving home. It was a big cultural shock.
I think there's nothing more amazing than helping people every day.
I try to be upbeat. I read this book which tells you to write down everything that you're grateful for each day. Now I'm constantly noticing all the little things that make me joyful.
When you go somewhere like Kenya and you see how the children don't have pencils and pens, and all of these things are considered luxuries, and what a privilege they see education as and how hungry they are to learn, I wanted to give my brother and sister long lectures. That definitely stayed with me.
I have many different sides; I can be the life and soul of the party - or a wallflower.
Everybody struggles with being an oddball. It's tough trying to fit in when you're a kid; then you become an adult and you think, 'I'm just going to be myself and either they accept it or they don't.' But you know what? I like me, and that's the most important thing.
I've never been that person who wants a Rolls Royce or wants to live in a mansion or what have you.
Be open and honest, but perceptive to your boss's situation. That's my advice to graduates worried about working with a new boss.
The Windrush era is a very important part of British history as it helps us understand how and why we became the multicultural society we are today, and also helps us understand the history of race relations in this country.
I really, really love Daniel Craig as Bond.
I know a lot of actors who get a part and then they dissect it and they want to change it and they want to add stuff. I'm always amazed and so impressed by actors who do that.
I'm totally in love with Jane Austen and have always been in love with Jane Austen. I did my dissertation at university on black people in eighteenth-century Britain - so I'd love to do a Jane Austen-esque film but with black people.
My mum believes in me almost more than I believe in myself.
Actors need steely determination. It's a tough profession with plenty of knocks along the way. You have to be very determined and never take 'no' for an answer.
As a society we should be encouraging people out of the debt-culture mindset, not promoting it.
I think my roles have been wonderfully varied. Not one has been racially stereotypical, and I have purposely chosen them like that.
The wonderful thing about drama school is that it stretches you in a way the industry doesn't.
I was brought up in Britain, and I'm very proud of my Britishness and my culture.
Yes, I'm obsessed with health, which has been an interesting journey. I went down the raw-food diet route, but got ill. It was really hard, especially in Britain in winter, trying to survive on raw carrots. I became so ill and anemic, so I stopped that and became a vitamin junkie. I just ate lots of vegetables, exercised and breathed.
We eat food all the time and don't really understand what goes into something like bread.
The ethos of most films is that you make a film, you exploit the community, you exploit the environment, and it's OK because you made a great film, you know?
