English,Actress
When I had dark hair I definitely felt that I was more anonymous.
You have to make peace with yourself. The key is to find the harmony in what you have.
There's a lot of skeletons in my closet, but I know what they're wearing. I'm not gonna act all ashamed of it.
I had gotten to a place where I truly believed everything I was called: 'not sexy,' 'not funny,' 'too intense,' desperate.' All those labels they gave me, I took them because there wasn't a trace of my true self left.
Parisian women have an inner elegance that's envied the world over. They are so relaxed about ageing and seem to acquire more charisma and beauty with time. Who wouldn't want to be like them? That's the trick - to embrace the natural progression of life and to be confident.
If I have to produce movies, direct movies, whatever to change the way Hollywood treats older women, I'll do it. If I have to bend the rules, I will. If I have to break them, I will.
There are no tricks to balancing work and family. It is a struggle all the time, and you just do your best. I think men are much better at compartmentalising.
Whenever a film allows you to think and feel and take it beyond the moment, I think it's achieved something. And 'Funny Games' does that.
There's a set of rules out there somewhere that says it all ends by 40. I hope to be able to defy that because I truly love my work.
I wish I'd started having kids sooner so I could have had a few more.
There's so much focus on celebrity these days; we're in the Kardashian era, and it's slightly scary.
I hate diets. Restriction makes me feel rebellious. I find that I look my best when I feel my best, whatever that takes. For me, above all else, it means being around the people I want to be with.
I think it's good to explore it. I don't feel bad about that... I mean, I think everyone has a sense of - has a dark side, has a - carries some sort of pain with them. And I find it fun to crack it open and go there.
I'm not this dark, twisted person. Yes, I have my demons and this is my way of exorcising them. It gets them out - and better out than in.
Maybe in the workplace I have more courage than other areas in my life.
As you get older, you overthink and can talk yourself out of anything. It's good to be a bit reckless and experimental.
Pain is such an important thing in life. I think that as an artist you have to experience suffering.
There was a time I was very much blaming the way I felt on L.A, that it was a vacuum of creativity, of humor or anything organic, and I was really angry at the place. But then today I feel completely different - I love L.A.!
I always love being in the company of women. It's all about good conversation and great wine.
I find myself gravitating towards drama. It interests me. In the books I read, the paintings I like, it's always the darker stuff.
I'm a tomboy now. I always wanted to fit in with my brother's group, so I climbed trees and played with lead soldiers. But I'm a woman's woman. I never understood women who don't have woman friends.
It was total naivety that got me to Hollywood. I thought it was going to happen straight away. I told myself 'give it 5 years, there's no way I'll be here after that if it doesn't happen'. Cut to ten years later!
It's always nerve-racking to take off your clothes on film. But doing it with a woman felt safer than with a man. You know you can say, 'Don't grab me there: That's where my cellulite is'!
Mum put me in drama classes when I was about 14. I'd been going on about it for some time, so maybe it was a way to shut me up.
Oh, I'm definitely a wild child.
On set is where I feel comfortable. The red carpet stuff, talking about the film, explaining your own life, it doesn't come naturally. It's all necessary stuff I suppose but it's not my strength.
