American,Actress
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.
At night, when the sky is full of stars and the sea is still you get the wonderful sensation that you are floating in space.
We were descended from royalty.
Stardom is only a by-product of acting. I don't think being a movie star is a good enough reason for existing.
I never knew motherhood could be so truly gratifying until I had Natasha.
I never saw film stars at home. We had no maid, no cook, no swimming pool.
The constant attention is what is so difficult.
I was so overprotected, I used to think I was as delicate as people said I was.
I didn't know who the hell I was. I was whoever they wanted me to be.
When I get married it will be for keeps.
We all wanted to copy Vivien Leigh.
Warren and I are friends, but working with him had been difficult.
Today's films are so technological that an actor becomes starved for roles that deal with human relationships.
There are certain stars who are not actors. I don't want to be that type.
The times that I have done something that I didn't respond to emotionally right away, it's generally not worked out too well.
Sometimes when I visit my sister and her two children, I wonder if she missed a lot by getting married. Right now, nothing could be further from my mind than getting married.
Not even analysis, by itself, can transform you. You must still do the changing yourself.
My mother used to tell me, No matter what they ask you, always say yes. You can learn later.
My friends seem much more excited about my doing Anastasia than Brainstorm... and to tell you the truth, I feel the same way.
If I didn't believe in what I'm doing, I'd rather go to work in a dime store.
I've been terrified of the water, and yet it seems I'm forced to go into in on every movie that I make.
I'm not very bright about money. I'm not domestic either. If I don't learn how to cook, maybe I won't have to.
I'm just going to have to grow old, because I'm too terrified to have anything done.
I was so young, and making movies, going to the studio every morning at dawn was magic.
I thought it was a wonderful line - right on the cutting room floor.
I saw my parents as gods whose every wish must be obeyed or I would suffer the penalty of anguish and guilt.
