American,Actress
Some of the greatest moments in life come from moments that are incomplete.
I think my mother is my biggest influence. There are so many things I hate about her but at the same time I'm thankful for her. All I know is that when I'm a parent I want to be just like my mom. I can talk to my mom more than any of my friends could talk to their parents.
There is still so much drama in my life, but I'm not a sad person anymore.
Junior high is so much worse than high school because at least in high school different is more accepted, celebrated actually: all the girls with blue hair and gothic Hello Kitty backpacks.
Part of being young is making mistakes.
I like for jewelry to tell a story and to be able to talk about what I'm wearing. That's more important to me than a name, brand, or label.
Young people need to vote. They need to get out there. Every vote counts. Educate yourself too. Don't just vote. Know what you're voting for, and stand by that.
I have nobody. I have surrounded myself with people who are fake just because I need to talk to somebody.
My little brother is autistic, so I would love to be involved in a charity for autism, but I haven't found the right one yet.
I always wanted to be a makeup artist. When I don't get to have my stylist, I do my own makeup!
I think we use a lot of words and labels when trying to describe people: ones with autism, ones without autism. In general, I think that labeling people is a major issue, and people don't understand the power of language.
What is important is to treat everyone like an individual and learning not to generalize autism. With autism, people make assumptions, but it's very broad, and everyone's so different. You have to treat each person as an individual.
My mom can't defend herself to the world. She is such an amazing woman, with such an open heart. It's a real hard line, and I crossed it. I took everyone's life story and assumed it would be a great thing to put on screen. I was being selfish and I feel so horrible about it. I feel so guilty.
Polynesian women are known for their long hair, glowing skin, and thick nails. And that comes from the local diet, which is mostly plant based with a little bit of fish and a lot of natural fats and oils.
We live in a world where sort of nothing is shocking anymore.
I've never really made a big deal out of my birthday.
I just wrapped 'Eclipse' yesterday and the last scene we shot is probably my favorite thus far. I finally got to tell my story, in a very gentle yet elaborate way.
I had a great time making the last movie, 'Eclipse.' We shot my back-story stuff from the 1930's. But I was waiting for 'Breaking Dawn' because I love the relationship Rosalie has with Jacob and the rest of her family and Bella. She also provides comic relief.
I'm just a believer in keeping all of the creative brain cells moving and working even when you're not working because the inevitable loneliness and boring drought in the actor's world, it can eat you alive.
I love making things for people.
I have a long-standing relationship with Autism Speaks. I've been supporting them for many, many years now.
If I had more confidence, I would rock a crop top.
My dad designed houses and was an architect for many years.
I definitely think that females have a harder time. It's a lot harder to be a girl because you're always in your head. I've heard my brother go and take it out on the football as he says. Whereas girls would rather sit down and over think things.
I've always loved music and felt connected to it, but was too afraid to explore that avenue.
Having people wait outside of my house sort of gives me a panic attack. I'm a believer in the concept that people should not be followed and photographed everywhere.
I have speakers all over my house because music is such a huge, huge part of who I am.
I make all my body lotions by just mixing oils.
I feel like human beings cover up their scent with all these different things and products. I feel like we've given up our ability to engage with people because we don't know how people smell anymore.
My rule is: If I can eat it, I can put it on my skin.
Coconut oil mixed with olive oil is what I put on my body every day; I put rose hip oil on my face. If my hair feels dry, instead of going and buying something filled with chemicals, I put egg whites or avocados or mayonnaise in my hair. I leave it on there for an hour or two and I wash it out.
This may sound surprising for someone who works in Hollywood, but I do not count calories, and I don't even care about weight gain, which I know sounds really bizarre. I listen to my body. I don't just wake up in the morning and cook whatever I eat.
At the age of 21, I had never even stepped on a treadmill.
While most people turn 21 and decide to go out and party, I turned 21 and decided that I was going to become somebody that I never thought I could be: somebody who cares about herself and her body, her future, and her health.
For the most part, I try to stay away from high fructose corn syrup and citric acid.
I try to think of food like fuel. I don't look at calories; I just look at ingredients. If my body were an engine, what would make it run? What would make it perform at its highest level?
My older brother's really good at making fun of me for just being a workaholic and never taking time for myself. Even when we go on vacation, I'm always working.
Who thinks to put sunblock on the back of their kneecaps? Not me.
I'm really diligent; I have a really militant side of my personality that comes out in areas of work. I'm very motivated, you know?
What do I geek out over? I mean, totally, I geek out over Hanson. Duh.
Being an actor, you have to be working even when you're not working. You never really get to relax because anytime you're relaxing in between jobs, you're just worried that you're not going to get another job.
'Thirteen' was really hard on my family. I wrote this movie about them and their flaws and imperfections and what it was like growing up. It was from one kid's perspective and not a well rounded one. You get older, and it's like, 'How dare I portray my father as being a totally vacant, careless schmuck?'
My dad is a man that, for as long as I can remember, has kept a book of favorite things his kids say.
Parents are in denial a lot of the time - everybody knows what they did as a teenager, but somehow, when they grow up, it all disappears.
I kind of went through a rough period. I could have kept going down that road and then off the cliff and into the ocean.
I mostly eat plant-based, so give me an avocado or something, even late at night, and I'll be happy.
Animals, until you have kids of your own, animals are your kids.
I guess the older I get, the more understanding and forgiving I've become.
I have great respect for actors like Jodie Foster and Natalie Portman who went to school the entire time they were acting. All I did was one small little independent film, and I realised I couldn't balance both lives.
My dad's Jewish and my mum is Christian, so I grew up with no religion. Just whatever religion I wanted.
In Hollywood, no one is happy with who they are. When they're young, they want to look older. When they're older, they're getting botox shot in their face to look younger.
People think that saving the planet or finding their place in that effort is a really overwhelming thought.
I love writing. I feel more connected to that than I do a lot of the other things.
I write because it feels good, and I don't have a deadline, and I don't have people telling me what they want me to write. Maybe if I did, I wouldn't be very good at it.
I love to write what I see and what I do and what I experience, and I like to see if people can relate to that. I don't know if I am as good at making up a story in my head that has no truth to it, so that is a challenge for me.
When I get hate mail, I get really down on myself, and I read it to my mom, and my mom is like, 'So what? Who cares? These people don't know you, so you can't take the praise or the hate to heart.'
With everything great comes a price, always, right?
My name is not big enough for people to go, 'Let me throw money at you because you're so famous!'
I was a very sensitive kid who then had to condition myself to desensitize.
I didn't have any media training - I didn't have anybody but myself.
DJ Qualls and I have been best friends for I don't even know how long - since I was a kid, 14, 15, many, many years.
I play characters that are pretty; I play characters that are sort of intimidating and confident, but that doesn't necessarily mean that I'm that.
I went back to high school and decided that I wanted to be a kid for a while, whatever that means, but once again I found myself back with acting, so clearly I couldn't escape the passion.
When I'm challenged, I grow. I never want to be in a situation where I'm not challenged and not afraid. One of my favorite feelings is stepping into a film and knowing that I'm a little bit afraid of what I have to accomplish.
My goal is to play characters that I feel I can contribute to and also ones I can contribute back to my life.
I didn't have the safety net that a lot of young actresses have. A lot of young girls have their families around to support them and help choose wisely.
I never skipped a meal. I can't even recall a time when I've skipped a meal. I never understand when people say 'I'm so busy, I forgot to eat today.' It's never happened. I always find time!
I think for women especially, writing and creating your own role, producing, directing - having some control over what you do is really important. We can pave the way for other women to send what messages they want sent.
It's frustrating to not be able to wear the same dress twice, so I don't have a go-to dress like all girls do. Renting is definitely going to be my new fashion obsession.
I'm really into the Tom Ford lipsticks. I was always afraid to wear lip color because I thought it made me look too masculine, but my makeup artist Fiona Stiles got me into wearing coral, orange-y colors from his line, and now I wear lipstick all of the time.
My mom and I would make bracelets and necklaces, and I would sell it in the first, second, and third grades because that was my lunch money.
Everyone in my family has some kind of artistic tendency. My great grandmother was a jewelry designer, and her daughter was a ceramic tile muralist.
I'm animal obsessed! I basically have a farm in my house.
I do feel like by buying rats from a pet store, you are saving them because if not, they would get fed to a snake or something.
My mom and I built a guest house on my property so that my mom could help me fostering animals. I do multiple fosters a month.
I feel like every day of my life is a funny wardrobe malfunction!
I love wearing things that come with a story.
Some of my favorite pieces were my mom's, and most of those she actually hand made. I would say if my style reflects anyone or anything, it's her.
I don't know if I'm supposed to say this, but probably not... I was a really cynical child.
I still have very normal insecurities, but I've always been made to feel like a body is a body, and it's not supposed to look like what you see in the media.
If I told you how many times guys on set get spray muscles... men need to realize that they don't need to live up to what they think they need to live up to!
I like a really natural looking body, so I'm not into muscles and looking like you just did 1,000 pull-ups and sit-ups and like you only eat lean turkey. That's not for me. I just like people to look like people, and so I think it's really attractive when men don't have perfect bodies.
I do a lot of reading about food and the food industry, so I try to eat locally and go to the farmer's market.
I grew up in a very relaxed environment in one sense, without many rules. My mother had a problem knowing where to draw the line, which caused a chaotic and hectic home life. A lot of people took advantage of my mom.
My brother and I had a lot of freedom growing up, and thankfully, we both turned out OK.
I learned how to change a cloth diaper on a raccoon. I was maybe 8 or 9.
