Swedish,Actress
We need more extreme movies in Sweden. Personal projects that are necessarily made for a bigger audience. I think it creates a creative lock-up to have the audience as a goal.
I think Stieg Larsson was pretty brave. He wanted to bring up things that we don't like to talk about, or like to ignore.
I can't see any value in being a celebrity, famous for being famous.
I hate when you see a film and after one scene you know what's going to happen and you can predict the whole story.
I'm interested in people's darker side, the ones that aren't easy and well balanced. The cracks.
When I was a teenager, I was like, 'Something is wrong with me. I don't fit in. I'm not like everybody else.' So, I always knew that I wanted to explore and move on, but it was completely unexpected, the way it happened.
If I don't see myself as a victim, then I'm not a victim.
I always felt like I was on the move, that I was going towards something.
So I kind of lost track for a while, then I came back, I pulled myself together and I decided when I was 15 that I'm going to get sober and I'm going to become an actress.
I've always been very stubborn, had a very clear will of what I want to do.
I want to explore more sides of humanity and myself. That's what acting is about.
In Sweden everybody has this perfect surface. Everyone's very polite and controls their feelings.
I like doing fight scenes. I always have, and I insist on doing as much of that action as they'll let me do. I think that's easy for me.
I don't have this crazy dream about going to Hollywood, because I really love to watch movies and do movies that are complicated, and I want more strange things and complicated things.
It's better to not be afraid of things and not avoid things.
When I don't understand things, I become passionate to understand.
I'm terrified of being too famous. What I'm really afraid of is that the audiences will go into the theater and not be able to forget that it's me, that fame will stand in the way of my acting. I want to keep being able to change into different shapes and different personalities.
I was a punk rocker when I was a teenager. I wanted to look like Nancy Spungen. I had dyed blonde hair and lots of piercings.
