English,Actress
Proper love should be utterly supportive and comfortable, and it feels like a raincoat or a jacket potato.
Dementia is such a terrifying thing for all of us, and we are particularly bad at coping with old people in this country.
You can over-think things. If the script's good, everything you need is in there. I just try and feel it and do it honestly. I also don't learn things for auditions, because I feel like it's just a test of memorising rather than being real.
I'm not a pin-up, thankfully. I'm not suggesting I feel unconfident. I am beautiful to my husband. I am beautiful to my friends. I feel sexy and all those things with the people I love.
I've always wanted to play a Marvel baddie. I'm not sure I fit the mold, though. Like a powerful, extraordinary woman. Somebody with superpowers would be really fun, but I'm not sure how many middle-aged women they have in Marvel.
Actually, lots of women, when they're pregnant, feel like steel. They feel incredible.
As a child, I thought, 'Once I am a grown-up, there will be no more fear, no more worries,' and it turns out that's not true.
I am a bit sickie happy. I am prone to black clouds too, but... I am embarrassed about them. It's like: 'My diamond shoes are too tight. My money clip doesn't fit all my fifties.' I mean - really. Shut up.
I am just an actor - all I do is I memorise someone else's words and tart around.
If something touches me, I cry. That's it. I'm a bit raw, a bit rubbish, really. Often, a director will say to me, 'I don't think this is a scene where your character cries.' And all I can say is, good luck with that!
If the script's good, everything you need is in there. I just try and feel it, and do it honestly. I also don't learn things for auditions, because I feel like it's just a test of memorizing rather than being real. Maybe every other actor would think that was terrible, I don't know. But it seems to have worked for me, so far.
I had a lovely, feral, free childhood - out and then come back when you're hungry or it gets too dark. I feel slightly cruel that I'm not offering my children the same.
Everything with me is pretty close to the surface, but having kids has completely ruined my emotional equilibrium.
I don't like the bullying, do-one-over style of comedy. It's so cheap.
You see thousands of films you forget the minute you come out of the cinema, don't you? Because they don't mean anything. It's the tough ones like 'Breaking the Waves' and 'Nil By Mouth' that stay with you, that you never forget. I'd like to leave a few of those behind if possible.
If a script is good, you are 10 steps into the part just reading it. But my choices are not all down to my taste. It is about people you have worked with before.
In fact I was slightly badly behaved at school and got in trouble. I would get a bee in my bonnet about something I thought wasn't right, and I would ape about too, to make everybody laugh. That was my way through my girls' school, because I wasn't very academic.
I feel fortunate that I'm not a beauty. I'm not a classic beauty. I feel it is harder for girls who are like that. There are fewer parts.
I love my job and I know I am very lucky but still, if you audition and you don't get it, it still affects you.
If I didn't have children I might be more of a lush than I am. I like booze. I struggle with smoking. And I'm a big swearer. I'm trying to rein it in but I do think it's a nice seasoning of language.
The first time I did a school play was the first time I felt I was good at anything at all. I just loved it.
I always assumed I would leave drama school and do 'Lady Macbeth' and all sorts of serious things. It just didn't happen.
I always assumed I'd be a terribly patient mum but it turns out I'm not!
This may sound mad, but you sort of assume that no one's going to watch what you do. You go on set, have a lovely time, and then you forget anyone's going to see it. So it's always a bit of a shock to be recognized. I get terribly embarrassed.
Acting is playing, and it is like being a big kid. Yeah, it's great. You get paid.
In general, I'm rubbish in heels. I love them, and I own a lot because it's like being in a sweet shop: they're pretty. But I'm not good in them. I don't walk nicely in heels.
I think each person you play has a little bit of you in it - you can't really help that.
I don't have a process; I just feel it. My book on acting would be very short.
I'm really enjoying being able to do these unhinged comedies and emotional dramas alike. I'm having a lovely time. After shooting a role that requires months of crying, it's quite nice to be able to play something very different.
I am a perfectly normal woman. If what we do is storytelling and represent people that we see all day and every day, well, we do not see supermodels all day and every day.
I have done Botox, and I loved it.
I was rubbish at school.
I'd feel bad pretending my life was anything other than pretty good, so I do the role as well as I can and then I go home, have a cup of tea, see my family and friends, and appreciate what I've got.
My older brother, who was in the Army, now owns his own building company. My half-sister was a nurse and is now a psychotherapist.
I've been working a long time; it was a slow burn. But I'm grateful it's been like that.
I was nervous about meeting Charlotte Rampling, as she's a proper legend, but she is just so sweet.
Everybody laughs all the time, and some of the worst things that happen make you laugh 'cause it's a defense isn't it, I suppose.
I started off in comedy, but that's just where I got my work. I've always been an actor.
I open the doors for everybody all the time.
For some reason, people imagine that dramatic things happen to people who don't look beautiful.
I do go into things thinking, 'Right. I'm going to enjoy this.'
If people still trust me with a funny line, then that is fine. If that is what gets me work.
There was nothing about 'The Killing' that patronized its audience, and it was quite slow and detailed, all of the things which, for a long time, people had been nervous of making.
To play something which is a big spectrum is so much more fun, so much more of a challenge.
