American,Actress
I am what I am and I'm a horrible liar. I can't do it. I'm just very candid.
It's great to be a blonde. With low expectations it's very easy to surprise people.
I feel... sexier, I think, with short hair. I feel like an alien!
Tattoos are like stories - they're symbolic of the important moments in your life. Sitting down, talking about where you got each tattoo and what it symbolizes, is really beautiful.
My hair was so much a part of my personality and all my photo shoots. I hid behind my hair. And then, I just decided I was okay with myself. To have short hair and really show my face is even more revealing than anything. It's a statement - not to everyone else, more to myself. I'm just ready to get out from behind my hair and be myself.
The true meaning of feminism is this: to use your strong womanly image to gain strong results in society.
Natural beauty takes at least two hours in front of a mirror.
If people knew how KFC treats its chickens, they'd never eat another drumstick.
In order for a man to feel whole, he needs someone to look up to and someone to look up to him.
I'm kind of proud of myself. I've been able to keep a certain grace about me, even in the times of disgrace and craziness.
And I'm not an actress. I don't think I am an actress. I think I've created a brand and a business.
The bust of Colonel Sanders stands as a monument to cruelty and has no place in the Kentucky state Capitol.
I am turning into the person I knew I would.
I've created my own career in my life, and I've had a lot of fun doing it. I think that's good.
I was getting a little bored with my hair. It's kind of a symbolic thing, just getting rid of the past, moving forward. It's amazing what a reaction you get when you cut your hair.
I don't do the gym and I don't diet. I'm vegetarian but I don't diet.
There's never going to be a great misunderstanding of me. I think I'm a little whacked.
Making love in the morning got me through morning sickness. I found I could be happy and throw up at the same time.
I'm a soccer mom. I'm T-ball, soccer, karate, homework, keeping them on their schedules. I love being the snack mom, when I get to bring the cut oranges. I have one of those coolers with wheels. I'm at every game, every practice, sitting on my blanket. I love it.
It's nice to have boundaries, because as long as we have them, we can cross them a bit, and that's what perks interest. If you have full freedom, what do you do?
It's going to take a certain man for me to ever get involved with, because he'll have to realize I don't have two children, I have three. Tommy is always going to always be a part of my life.
My ideal relaxation is working on upholstry. I spend hours in junk shops buying furniture. I do all the upholstery work myself, and it's like therapy.
I'm a mother with two small children, so I don't take as much crap as I used to.
There's no way I set out to be a certain kind of symbol - the way I dress is the way I am, the way I live my life.
I have this phobia: I don't like mirrors. And I don't watch myself on television. If anything comes on, I make them shut it off, or I leave the room.
I don't really think about anything too much. I live in the present. I move on. I don't think about what happened yesterday.
I do a lot for PETA. I do a lot of things I think are really important, I volunteer at school and I'm still amazed I can pay my bills because I feel like I don't work that much, I really don't.
I am the ultimate California girl, which is funny, being that I'm Canadian.
I don't know if women are meant to run, especially after having kids.
I have a Stella McCartney Adidas sports bra. I feel like I'm totally comfortable running. No problem. I have support where I need it.
Oh God, I don't know if I ever really felt beautiful. I don't, really.
I thought, 'If you're going to be on TV, and if you're going to be out and glamorous, the natural look can stay at home.'
You grow up and change your look. I feel different from how I did in my Playboy days. Now I think I'm in charge of toning down my look or not.
Even as a kid, I read 'Jung - Reflections and Individuation In Fairy Tales'; all the inner circle of Jung was a real huge thing for me.
It's very liberating to cut your hair.
I started running, and I hated it. Of course, everyone hates running for the first mile. If you're running two miles or twenty miles, it always hurts. Now I live it. I look forward to it. It's really good. It clears my head.
I'm a complete romantic - it's why I always get married. Someone should really stop me.
I hate remakes of TV shows - I didn't like the new Charlie's Angels at all - and I just don't see the point of going back and doing the same thing over again. Baywatch was fun and successful, probably because we didn't know what the heck we were doing.
My career only took off because of one football game. I thought it was funny. 'Playboy' called and offered me a cover just like that. I turned them down initially, because I was nervous about it and my boyfriend at the time didn't want me to do it, but they kept coming back, so I eventually said yes.
I was a gymnast when I was little, like 8, 9, 10.
I don't look at the tabloids. I don't read the tabloids.
My refrigerator is full of kale and greens. I can't imagine something greasy, or eating meat.
Good Viking genes, being vegetarian and having rowdy dogs and kids definitely keep me in shape. Not eating meat gives me the energy I need to keep up with work, family and travel - I'm very active.
I like to do everything myself - I'm very hands-on with my housekeeping, my children, travelling, how I do things.
I'm a good example of someone who can come to Hollywood and keep their feet on the ground with all the rock stars, all the drama that goes with being here. It's still important to pump your own gas and to be able to vacuum.
I don't consider myself a feminist, but I feel very empowered as a woman, and I've used all my resources widely. I believe in equality, but that's just naturally happening. I still want a door opened for me, to be treated like a lady, but I also want equal rights for women, of course.
I want Barack Obama for president. I love Obama. I call Palin the helicopter huntress from hell! I want my children to have a wonderful future, and it's disturbing when I look around. Americans aren't very well-liked. A likable president would be a great start.
