American,Actress
It's always the girl comedy and the guy comedy. It bums me out. You'd think there'd be a progression, from James L. Brooks and Nora Ephron into more subtle humor and behavior and psychology. All these interesting things people can learn about themselves by watching talented writers comment intelligently on someone else's emotional life.
I can do comedy, so people want me to do that, but the other side of comedy is depression. Deep, deep depression is the flip side of comedy. Casting agents don't realize it but in order to be funny you have to have that other side.
The five patients in 'Rethinking Cancer' share with us the path of their recovery: the courage to take their own lives in their hands with a natural approach to healing their bodies.
I care about being creative and expressing myself.
I'm kind of a robot in a way. Or a Tron.
I really liked playing a vampire. Their hunger is insatiable. Even when they eat someone, it's never enough.
I've seen deer. I have lots of woodchucks on my property. And bluebirds. Foxes.
I'm a good girl, you know? But I'm from the South, and there are some powerful women down there, and very theatrical.
I wouldn't say I was a queen. Maybe a little elf.
I traveled to Morocco once, and I only saw one television when I was there, but I did go into this dirt cave and I saw this kid chopping tomatoes and pita, and he had a picture on the wall of Jean-Claude Van Damme holding a gun. That connected with him on the other side of the world, so no wonder these big movies are made - they have a mass appeal.
You know, it's a really adult thing, for some people, to choose to not be with the one that you love.
I learned how to play mandolin for 'A Mighty Wind!'
I like finding things in locations where I've worked and things from down South and things from flea markets or even the sidewalks.
What's the difference between a personality disorder and a personality? You know? That's what I wanna know!
I like soap opera acting. If it's done really well, there's nothing better. It's old school. It's like what those melodramas in the '30s and '40s were like.
There are all these scripts where the women, if they're working, are prostitutes and lawyers with an angry streak who'll kill you. It's a reaction to women leaving their men and men being angry about it and saying it on some subconscious level.
But it's fun to be something, have that, and you don't have to be real. It's like, comedians. They go on and they're doing all these jokes. I would be like that if I were more awake.
I'm the character actor in Hollywood movies, the girl who has to be annoying so the guy can go to the other girl.
Being an indie queen, people think I have all these choices. Like I've just been sitting around waiting for the best indie film that I deem acceptable.
I'm trying to work in studio movies, but they won't hire me.
My first lead role was probably 'Party Girl' in 1994.
I usually play character parts in Hollywood films.
My dad recently reminded me that my grandfather's cousin was Lefty Frizzell.
I love bayou life.
I don't Twitter, although sometimes I think that I should.
My grandmother is this amazingly theatrical woman. She acted like a movie star, as far as looks and attitude, kind of like Susan Hayward.
In case you don't know this, we're not in the '90s anymore. Indie cinema does not reign.
People see images now more than they see movies.
You can get money and make a really cheap movie. You can, from independent financers who are just giving you money to support artists. This is what was happening in the '90s, and I was very fortunate to be a part of that.
How can we have our privacy? How can we have our independence now in these times with these cameras? Because I think privacy and our solitude is really important.
There have been periods of my career that I haven't worked for a really long time, like seven or eight months.
The sound of a golf game is very different than the sound of a football game.
I have a twin brother, so I was around guys like a sister. It was comfortable to me.
You have to have a certain amount of limitations, I think, to make art and to make something that can be alive on film. Money can get in the way of that.
I would love to do something like 'Fishing With John.'
I love 'Fishing With John' so much.
I like bears. I like bear people. I like bear-type men.
I love New York.
Indie movies got co-opted by the studio system. The studios insisted that only stars could make movies successful.
Sometimes I go to movies, and it's just a bombardment, and I'm not entertained by them - I'm assaulted by them! And I know I sound like such a drama queen, but I find that really strange.
I feel like there's such a responsibility, when you make a film, to enlighten people, to make them think, to make them laugh, or even just to be entertaining.
Getting into Sundance is such a big platform for a director.
Everything has its own kind of theatricality and its own drama.
I like 'MacNeil/Lehrer.'
It's really fun to see a movie that you've heard about that's really good.
I'm an actor, so I like costumes.
It's really weird to be taken seriously for what you're wearing. It makes me want to wear a uniform.
Mainly I love working on good writing.
I like sitting close to windows.
I have a brass bed that's very 'Bedknobs and Broomsticks.' I got it on eBay. It's from the early 1900s.
My aunt in Texas, when she did the hazing things, they had girls swallow oysters. They'd wrap an oyster in dental floss, swallow them, and then pull them back up.
It was just such a demeaning thing to do, being in silent movies. They'd call you up and tell you, 'Hey, jump off this building!' and they'd give you a hundred bucks, and you'd do it.
They love putting me in the 'indie queen' box. I had some high standards in my 20s that I don't have anymore.
With 'Dazed and Confused,' I got the high school experience I didn't get to have.
Chris Guest has his own form. It's a way of working that is really intense, and you can commit a lot, and you focus a lot. You get to bring a lot. You get to bring things maybe you haven't seen before. You're asked to care a great deal for these people who you're playing and create heart and empathy.
I love playing a woman suffering, thinking about the choices that she's made and obviously wanting more. It's classic.
Being in a Woody Allen film. I cherish it.
I thought I'd have a career playing women in the vein of Ruth Gordon, and we've seen that type almost disappear.
I kind of grew up in the indie world, and now that sort of writing and material is on television.
Louis C.K. was able to make it happen. His producers don't bug him. He's able to go into his cave and write exactly what he wants to write, and there are no decisions made by committee, and you have a singular voice, and everyone's like, 'Oh my God! We love this.'
We shot 'Party Girl' on film, and I remember being told, 'We need to get this in two takes because we don't have a lot of film in the mag right now!'
I like the two worlds coming together in the Internet space, which is so up for grabs... It all struck me when I heard about Twitter and Instagram, how it's like notes you pass in class. If someone's passing you a note, you really should be doing something else, and instead you're like, oh, 'What are you doing?'
How movies are financed, it's a world market now... I feel like, you know, the independent film way of working is something that was in my bones. It's like being a part of a punk band, but no one's singing punk rock anymore. Only a few bands are able to play, and Woody Allen is one of them.
The culture is eating nature; it's overpowering storytelling. Movies are turning into games - it's abut the image, not nuance.
I love the romcom. I thought I had a career playing the best friend. What happened to that? It's really sad to me.
Why are women always described as 'desperate,' while men are just... irrational?
I get to enter into the world the director has created: to live these different lives on top of my own life.
When I did 'Guffman,' it was terrifying. I didn't know what to say. I started talking, and it just came out.
Do you know why I don't like doing press? I have trouble condensing things. I'd rather have a conversation.
I approach these people from a standpoint of love. How were they loved? How do they love? What's going on in their heart? There's that that I think about with every role.
I was raised Catholic, but the devil was never with a pitchfork.
I sang in 'Waiting for Guffman,' and I sang in 'A Mighty Wind.' I can carry a tune, but I don't like that Broadway singing.
I think people probably think I self-start, but I don't... I'm an actor, and I like to be of use to the director. To be a muse.
It hasn't really made it easier getting film work. It's not like I can call up a studio or a producer and say - insert haughty voice here - 'It's Parker. I guess you might know me as the indie queen. I'm wondering if you have any projects for me to be in.'
You really don't get paid in these independent movies, no matter how many people see them.
I'm glad I'm Southern. I'm the Southerner who's very Southern in that she left to move to New York.
We didn't do cotillions or anything. My family made fun of the pageants.
