Australian,Actress
I want to be a blonde vampire. Catherine Deneuve was a blonde vampire, and she was my favourite vampire ever.
I had a friend, and we always used to pretend to be twins. We had this fantasy about going to Hollywood together. We were about four.
I think part of that is to create an environment where it's like real life, where you don't really know what's going to happen to you in a certain scene.
As much as most of the actors were kind of curious to know what their character meant in relation to the script and to the plot, they really were quite happy to be part of the adventure of not knowing.
Well, obviously I was excited by the idea that Woody Allen was going to direct it. But at the same time, the script itself and the character was really interesting.
Yeah I think Pitch Black was edgy, I think that's what worked for our film.
I do Yoga. I'd like to say I do it every morning, but I don't, I just don't have the time.
But I'm also a vegetarian so there's another factor I guess.
I don't smoke and I don't drink alcohol.
I mean normally you have your agent call the other agent and all the agents talk and then finally you get a phone call and you hear some misrepresentation of what someone else had to say.
But in this case, he had my cell phone and my phone was ringing and I had just come back from Australia on the plane and I thought it was my mum and it was Woody Allen just checking to see if I wanted to be in his movie.
New York in a way functions as another character within the story, as it does within most of Woody Allen's stories.
I didn't even understand the whole idea of Hollywood.
Life is neither comedy or tragedy, life is what you make of it.
So I was in America and I thought I'll stick around while I'm here and just see what happens. The next film I did was High Art, so I guess it started with a sort of vague idea but really just a fantasy.
This city can be kind of brutal, so you see your dreams from every different angle, but ultimately it's about acting and if you enjoy acting, you will always enjoy acting.
I just don't talk about who I'm going out with, that's it. It's an odd thing to sit around describing yourself to 10 different people every 5 minutes yet it's kind of therapeutic in a way.
Revenge is a way of life and definitely some thing that we identify with. We all feel cheated in some way about some thing and how nice it would be to do something about it. I mean ultimately it's not the most Christian of sentiments.
It was kind of scary because working with Woody Allen becomes sort of a big deal in your mind. He directs in that Woody Allen character some of the time - he has these idiosyncrasies that are really charming and funny.
I'm not working now, so I'm sort of facing the unknown.
I do, too, most recently while I was singing karaoke in some weird bar.
After that, I was offered lots of lesbian roles, but I didn't want them because I'd already played the best there was.
I never wanted to be a movie star.
I'd definitely rather be rich than famous.
I think my parents see my life now as very conservative.
Because in Australia there really isn't a lot to do. There aren't a lot of opportunities.
