Irish,Actress
I think we all do have a guardian angel. I believe they work through us all the time, when we are thoughtful and good and kind to each other.
What is free time? I'm a single mother. My free moments are filled with loving my little girl.
If I were to look back at my career, I think my greatest achievement is very simple. I've been able to make choices where I could glorify God.
Extraordinarily, I was up in the cemetery in Derry City, and I had a red cape on with a fur hood as a little girl, when a gun battle broke out between the IRA and the British Army, and I got caught in the crossfire.
Over the years, I've found myself wishing sometimes my angel would show up. I could use a little uplift, a little reminder.
We're nondenominational. I come from Northern Ireland, and we've had religious wars for years. I didn't want to create an illusion that my God is better than your God. So our show is a spiritual show, not a religious show.
I think that 'Little Angels' provides the gateway into that conversation about faith and about the Lord and about God's love for us. Remembering that the angels are just the messengers and the message is the message of love.
Jessica Simpson is the youth ambassador for Operation Smile, and an episode of The Apprentice featured a team managing a charity concert she put on. Donald Trump came on stage and pledged a donation.
Season number seven! It's been so exciting for us. When we first began, we were like the little train that could... and we did! We're terribly excited! It will be an interesting season for us, I think.
We work hard on the show. We really believe in the show. It's an enormous privilege to work on a show that has the power to touch people's lives in such a positive way. The fan mail and the e-mail certainly reflect that.
People really feel the need to share how the series has touched their lives, and that's been very moving. We're enormously grateful to the fans of the show. They've been extremely loyal to us season after season, and they make it all worthwhile.
I have a home in Salt Lake, and I have a home in Malibu, at the beach.
I was reading through endless junk scripts that were being sent my way. Typically the roles were to play his wife or his girlfriend - leading roles for women were few and far between.
We were the laughingstock of that first season... It was with great relish several years later that I received a TV Guide award for favorite actress on television.
Having played an angel for so long, you can imagine that I've been asked to endorse any number of causes over the years. Obviously I have to limit my participation with any charity, so I decided to really concentrate on my love of children.
I think Operation Smile is in more than 22 countries, mostly Third World. It just happened that my schedule opened up at the time they were heading to Vietnam.
There's an assumption in many of these cultures that these children are mentally retarded, when in fact they're not at all. I saw how the operation affects the child, as well as the child's family and often the village.
I also know how to ask people for money and I have no shame about doing that.
If you have donated, these children may never know your name, but they will never forget your kindness.
A smile costs about $240.
It is tradition in Ireland that you're given money for your first communion.
I'm the youngest of six children; both of my sisters are housewives and they each have four kids.
I have the soul of a singer and do splendidly in the shower but the world will never hear it. Basically, I'm the only Irish person who can't carry a tune.
I lost my mother when I was very young, and my father when I was in college.
This CD became something of a personal journey for me. The tone of the whole CD is uplifting and inspirational. It's an upper. We have enough downers in the world.
I'd love to do some bedtime stories for kids or that kind of thing. But with the demands of the shooting schedule and balancing the demands of being a single mother, it's a wonder you can squeeze in anything.
My dad used to sit me on his knee and read from the Bible to us. We were a praying family. Ours was a family of love and a family of prayer.
