American,Actress
Everybody has their own way of tapping into their realness.
I've become this sort of icon for the gay community. I don't like the position.
I like the energy of live performance.
I really have a problem with any kind of drug, I always have.
The real terrorist threats are George W. Bush and his band of brown-shirted thugs.
Anything that has cynicism to it and that's jaded is smutty.
At some point, the pride has to be a part of the whole day-to-day oeuvre. It's part of who you are and doesn't need to be discussed anymore.
Gayness is a non-issue.
I can't tell you 100 percent what makes a relationship work. But I can see something good coming and I can see something bad coming.
I don't believe in karma.
I don't consider myself a comic but a performer. A comic tells bad jokes.
I don't like surgery. I don't like elective surgery, I don't like surgery that you have to have.
I really, really love Hilary Clinton. I think she's very cool. She's out there and she's involved.
I think I've drawn from some of the most feminine women, like Jackie Kennedy. I am totally devastated that she's gone. She had it all.
I'm studying Kabbalah, which is really the essence of Jewish spirituality.
I'm sure that Jesus was an incredible person.
I'm trying to appeal to the disenfranchised everybody, not just specifically gay.
I'm very much a humanist. I'm very much pro-choice. I'm very much politically correct.
I'm very much an optimist. I don't think I could do my work if I didn't believe there was some kind of hope for humanity.
Smut, if it's really smut, there's nothing backing it up. It's the easy way out.
That disturbs people when they know they didn't have the guts or integrity to stick to their dreams.
There are few performers who would have had the audacity to even bring up the fact that they had been poorly reviewed.
There are so few women in general who aren't completely threatened and confused by other women's success. It's very disappointing.
Unfortunately, most college kids these days aren't coming from any place-they seem to ask the same kind of questions over and over again.
When people pay to see you live, they connect with you on a much deeper level than people who just buy your records.
When you're constantly looking for things from other people, you're not looking within yourself.
