American,Actress
Rejection just motivates me to keep trying and to try to do better.
I am an actor. I am an artist. I am a daughter. I am a sister. I am a partner. I have a past that some people may not agree with, but it does not define who I am.
I find it vulgar that people are so fascinated by natural disasters, and we allow footage of young people that are looting because they have no choice because of natural disaster.
My dad is really just lazy. He has nothing, I feel, to offer this world.
Reading was very important to me as a kid. It was very inspirational to me. I went to a school where that wasn't encouraged so much, but my parents encouraged that, and it has made me part of who I am.
I can be a very sarcastic person, and sometimes people take every word I say literally.
My body is my art, and it's also the tool that I use to make money.
I'm not one to sit here and judge here. But I think it's funny that the people that condemn the adult industry the most are the ones consuming the product the most.
Persistence and determination are incredibly important. But sometimes you need to analyze the situation and understand when you're wrong. You need to be able to cop to being wrong, learn to change, and continue to grow as a human being.
A shiny ring isn't romantic to me. I think thought and love into what you do for the person you're in love with - that's romance.
There are so many aspects of human sexuality that we're afraid to talk about, because people still don't understand it. It's not just black and white, you know?
'The Girlfriend Experience' was definitely the break-out. When it came out, I started getting other opportunities.
Promoting education is an effort that is close to my heart. Illiteracy contributes to poverty; encouraging children to pick up a book is fundamental.
I wasn't that kid where if you told me 'No,' I was just going to do it anyway.
I always had all of these childhood fantasies about wanting to invent things, like a spaceship or a time machine. And everyone's imagined what it would be like to go back in time and change things, to see what would happen if you had a different life. 'Back to the Future' fulfills all of those daydreams. It's the perfect movie.
I commit to most things I do in life, so I don't really have any serious regrets. But I'll say this: There are plenty of people that I wish I could un-meet. It's kind of an L.A. syndrome.
I'm not very good at parties. I'm a wallflower.
If I only concentrated on one thing, I would limit myself in life.
I don't think any human being/artist is 100% emotionally stable, based on the human condition and our emotions that relate to it.
I like to work. I don't like to have lulls. I feel like it makes me lazy and uncreative, and that's when your ideas become stagnant.
Anybody that believes that Adrian Grenier's name is really Vince should probably watch less TV.
Literally, I just love food and I like going to dinner with big groups of people so you can try everything.
I don't want to be looked at. I really want to be a home body.
People can dress you the way they want, they can do your makeup the way they want, but they can never take away your voice.
Music is a passion of mine, so I also want to continue along that path, creating with my friends.
When I run into disappointment - say, for example, not getting a role I'd hoped for - I just try not to take it personally.
