American,Actress
We don't live in a world that's black and white.
Animals mean everything to me. We have to be their voice and protectors.
Animals have always been a passion of mine, being able to help them because they can't help themselves, and I think that people have treated them so badly over the years and it's just not fair. It's something I feel like I can help make a difference.
I wouldn't call him a slave. I don't whip him when he does something wrong. Just when he does something good.
Things change in different countries as people grow, and as generations change.
I'm pretty instinctive. I'm a quick learner.
I'm not doing any more nudity.
I wasn't sure how my dad would react. There was an agent sitting behind them and he told me he was embarrassed to watch the scenes. My parents have always been very open. They trust my decisions.
I want to get away from the high school thing and do other types of roles.
I want to do a little bit of everything. I want to play a good, strong female character.
I got to meet Mark Hamill. He signed some Star Wars posters for us. I saw the fight scenes he had. He was really into making fun of himself and Star Wars.
I don't know that I've ever been completely comfortable with anything.
I am very driven. I work really hard, whether it's acting or my charity or even poker. When I focus on something I give it my all.
I'm super, super casual. I like boxer shorts or jeans or tank tops, tennis shoes and flip flops. That's about it for me.
I don't think I really do go shopping. Somehow clothes just kind of end up in my closet. I do not like shopping; I'm not into it.
When I was modeling, I worked out every day or other day.
Most people don't realize turkeys are friendly, they're social, they're loyal, they have emotions.
I think compassion is an important quality in people in general.
I hope to be known as a chameleon actress, as someone who can play any part out there, and someone who can transform herself into any kind of character there is.
I'm a TV junkie.
I watch every reality show out there.
I'm a big country fan.
I'm vegetarian so eating right definitely gives me the energy you need.
If you take an hour out of your day to meditate, you will progress ten-fold. By staying mentally focused, you can let your worries go.
Yoga is the perfect way to de-stress and work out at the same time.
