Indian,Actress
I have eclectic taste, and I love vintage style mixed with glamour and old world charm.
I feel I am lucky. I am grateful for this life that God has given me. I am happy, as I am getting to do work that I want to do and enjoy doing it.
I think every single imperfection adds to your beauty. I'd rather be imperfect than perfect.
Being in love is the best feeling on the planet. I really believe that love makes the world go round.
Opposites generally create intense chemistry. There are more chances of fireworks when different people are together than similar personalities.
I am someone who actually jumps headlong into everything and anything. I am not one of those people who likes to be scared; instead I have a tendency to be very, very open to everything. I really live; I love life.
In my personal life, I have always been bold, from the clothes I wear to how I talk. For me, boldness does not necessarily mean stripping. I think people have wrong notion about boldness. For me, bold is being different.
I am naive when it comes to love, you know what I mean? I do believe in falling in love at first sight and things like that.
I don't like men who treat women like arm candies. He should treat me like an equal or better. And then he should be a good human being. He should see the human side of things. I like men who stand up for what's right and who don't cheat.
Women of worth are those who want positive change for themselves, their families, community or society, which I think is important. For me, a woman of worth is someone who has self -espect, who believes that she can change things in society.
I'm a bad girl. I always fall for good guys.
It's difficult for me to really temper my personality, but I am trying to be a little more sensible about it. If I really lose my temper, I go to my room and scream and shout, but I try not to lose it on people any more. I've never said something mean just like that. I've only said things in retaliation.
I'm honest. If someone asks about my weight loss, I tell them I have five people working on me, plus there's Photoshop. I tell them I can't eat everything and look good. I was unhealthy when I was fat, and now I'm a normal body type. I'm not special; I'm just an actress, and boys and girls are intelligent enough to recognise that.
Style is all about being comfortable. I don't believe in following a style because it is a trend. I need to be comfortable in my clothes.
No relationship works without making an effort. That goes without saying. But you should never overcompensate.
Anytime I fall in love, I feel it's a first time. I have had no successful love story yet. I hope I will succeed next time when I fall in love.
I only discovered the 'Harry Potter' series in my tenth standard. I dived right into it, often reading non-stop through the day and night. It was the morning after one such readathon when I was to appear for a Chemistry exam. Spending my night with the third edition of Harry Potter didn't help much, and I fared poorly.
For me, a holiday is about taking a book and going to a mountain and reading.
I don't care about controversies. I am a young woman with an opinion about certain things. I can't be diplomatic. I am a feminist, and as long as I can be the voice of hundreds of girls out there, I will speak my mind. I don't care what other people think.
It's not okay to be fat - not because of the way you look, but because it's unhealthy. I have experienced hormonal problems, bad skin, immense laziness, and back and knee pain. It's not fine to be too fat or too thin! Anything in extremes is wrong. I am afraid of putting on weight because I don't want to develop health problems.
I always believe that it's better to be idealistic in love than be that cynic. That's the only way to survive a relationship.
I could never fall in love just for money. I like my co-stars, and they are a bunch of good-looking men. But I've dated an actor. My dream man has to be a lot more than just good looking and rich!
Many people make fun of me because I'm always so dressed up, but they don't understand that there's a little girl inside me who always wanted to be that dressed up but never got to do that because I was always a certain weight.
I've realized I have to be very careful in what I say. I speak my heart out. Such honesty is not appreciated in the film industry. Instead, it is twisted and distorted. A lot of what I say is lost in translation.
In a lot of ways, if I were ambitious about anything - besides my career - I'd be ambitious about love. Ambitious in the sense that I really hope to find true love.
Art reflects society. Cinema doesn't dictate - you portray what the society demands.
It makes me happy that people recognise me and want to click pictures with me. But sometimes, I want to be a common person. I want to go to a coffee shop and just chill. I miss driving my car with the windows rolled down.
So many women are financially dependent on men. So why can't men be dependent on women? I'm totally okay with it.
I love dressing up. I have people helping me with it. I am not going to take credit for that. I have a stylist, make-up and hair stylist.
It's not a responsibility to be a fashion diva. I enjoy it and also enjoy getting up in morning and putting on make-up, getting ready. I don't think there is any girl who doesn't like to look good and wear good clothes.
I don't shoot two films at the same time. I finish one character and get into another character because I change my look for every film. It's difficult, but I enjoy doing that.
I am Anil Kapoor's daughter, so I am always compared with legends. It is a part and parcel of my life.
I had lost my way for some time, so I need to do things that I am happy with. It's not about being the number one heroine or money. It's about doing roles that I enjoy. My biggest ambition is happiness.
I want to get fitter. And yes, I'm learning hot yoga to get a bikini body. I don't believe one has to sport a size-zero figure to flaunt it. One just needs a fit, sexy and toned body.
I like potential in people. If I find someone who has lot of potential and can do something with life, then I don't see bank balance, which family he comes from, or his religion.
I always do things that are not the flavour of the season. And that's why people like me.
I have aspirations to conquer the world. Let's see what happens.
My parents find me hilarious. They don't pull me up for anything because I'm a good daughter. I stay at home, don't party too much, people don't talk about my affairs or that I am unprofessional. In fact, people tell my parents that I'm so well-brought up. Yes, I tend to shoot my mouth off, but they don't pull me up for that.
I listen to a lot of what my sister Rhea says. I give her a lot of credit for my stuff. When people give me credit for my fashion choices, it's my sister who creates them. This whole fashionable avatar has been created by her. It's her brainchild. It's not me at all. Rhea really takes care of me, though I am older than her.
I like wearing beautiful clothes, but that does not translate into my work. People don't like to see me as a glam doll in my movies. My audience and the media love me with two different perceptions. It's a strange, crazy situation.
Be it a trip to the dentist, getting an injection or even coming home with a good report card, my reward always had to be a book. I didn't care much for anything else.
I don't think most books can be justifiably translated on screen. The film versions can't convey the right emotion, fuel your imagination or allow you to visualise every line the way books do.
Thanks to my father, I didn't have to face the tough side of life. Probably that's why I always chose love over money.
I think most couples drift apart because of comparisons. Unfortunately, in our society a perfect match is when the man is more successful than the woman.
I didn't like Barbie dolls, so I used to have this overactive imagination, and I used to pretend to be all these different things. My weird childhood fetishes seem to have come to life now as an actor.
My mom would always read a book to me at night from when I was three. Now, I can't go to sleep without reading a book. At the same time, once I read, it's difficult for me to go to sleep, as I have an overactive imagination and I start thinking.
Reading has made me more open, has improved my understanding, and has made me a better artiste, but it also makes me live in my own bubble. My mom keeps asking me, 'What do you read in that room the whole day?' Once I am into a book, I will finish it.
I am mentally strong, but physically I'm constantly unwell. I internalise a lot of things, and if something stresses me or disturbs me, I don't talk about it and make myself sick with it.
Style is an expression of your individuality. Who you are and what your mood is, is what you wear.
I like bad boys... not really bad, but men with an edge... they should be clean but have that streak.
I'd like to have a successful marriage, not for the sake of labelling or branding, but because I believe in the institution of marriage.
For some people, the highlight of their entire month could be going out and eating a pizza or watching a movie at a multiplex, and here I am visiting four countries in a month. So, in that way, movies have made me socially aware. I now know how simple people live their lives.
I don't want to be the biggest superstar. I want to be good at my job, and I want my work to go down in posterity. I am working for the longevity of my career.
