English,Actress
I think 'Lost' is like losing a friend or a relative or someone. You can't replace it with another one.
I really like investigating the things that make us human.
'FlashForward' is definitely not a sci-fi show. It doesn't have the mythology of 'Lost.' We have one major event that happens that you are asked to buy into. After that, you're dealing with very human ripple effects - how people deal with it and how they come to terms with it.
I have no idea what my draw is for science fiction. I hope they come to me because they like complicated women. But I've never played the Bionic Woman. In 'Sarah Connor' and 'Lost,' I am not the orchestrator of what happens. I've played quite peripheral people.
I think the world's a little smaller these days. With the Internet and the availability of people, the pool of English speaking actors - not just American actors, but Brits, Australians, New Zealanders, Irish. We're all up for grabs.
To be honest I don't watch the show, I don't watch any TV, so I have no idea what the show is about. I go to Hawaii, shot my scenes and script and 'Ciao.' I'm not a 'Lost' fanatic and it's a disappointment for thousands people and friends that are dying to know what will happen. They know more than me.
I got married six weeks ago. It's just a sweet thing. I haven't got a better word for it. It's an enormous amount of sweetness.
I felt very unstressed on my wedding day. I'm very grateful for that... spending the day on my own, being super quiet and happy and just puttering around doing my own thing.
I was just on Broadway for four months, and the amount of fan mail that arrived at the theater was just overwhelming. I mean, I had no idea! I guess people suddenly had access to me and knew where to find me, so they got me there, and I was amazed.
You know, I just tend to do the scene that I'm given, really. If it really needs it, then I'll go to them and ask 'What's she talking about? What's she referring to?' But often they don't know, or they do know and they're not going to tell me, so I've learned just to work with what I'm given.
'Lost' holds a very special place in people's hearts and I wouldn't presume to say that 'FlashForward' will replace 'Lost.' I think it provides a lot of the same adrenaline and fascination and entertainment. It will help ease the pain of losing 'Lost!' I think it will appeal to the very same audience.
I always have Band-Aids, ideally ones with princesses on them, because they're the best.
You can't leave the house without a toy car if you've got a son.
There's always a pencil in my bag. I put everything in pencil in my datebook. I live in L.A. - everyone's flaky.
I have loads of lip balm and lip glosses. Eve Lom Kiss Mix is one that I love. I also use a Charlotte Tilbury lipstick in Amazing Grace. In a pinch, I'll put some on my cheeks as a blush.
I was a West Hollywood and Laurel Canyon girl for years, and it was so central that I felt like we'd moved to Portland when we came to Malibu, but now I can't imagine living anywhere else. We have the best of all worlds, hilltop living, 15 minutes from town, with the beach at the bottom of the road.
I like playing interesting, complicated women.
If there's a common denominator in all of the parts I've played, they are all strong women in tough situations.
Oh, I am very old fashioned about my literature taste. I like Henry James. I like George Elliot. I like Dostoyevsky. I like the old people. I really do. I like people who write big, fat, juicy novels you can get completely lost in!
I've been quite protected from the whole 'Lost' phenomenon because I'm not one of the core cast. So I haven't had to do the press junkets that they have.
Any time you cast an actor, you don't just cast that actor; you cast all their other performances as well.
The word 'fate' doesn't really mean much to me in some ways. I think we make our own.
Minute by minute, you decide who you are and who you're likely to be. You make the choices hour by hour, just in the present. I don't believe there's some roadmap laid out that we're headed towards.
This is the joke of me being a part of 'Lost': I haven't met three-quarters of that cast.
My husband calls me 'throwy-outy' - he's horrified at how easily I dispense with things. People I won't let go of, but things, mementos from shows, I'm not particularly attached to.
I'm the absolute opposite of a hoarder.
