American,Actress
Marriage is not about age; it's about finding the right person.
To me, I think people who don't think it's a big deal to toss a plastic bottle in the garbage are not only being irresponsible, but I think they're being disrespectful of all the other humans on earth.
When you realize who the good people are in your life, you're so lucky.
Your body tells you what it needs, and if you sleep past your alarm on a Saturday morning, it's probably because you need the sleep.
Being a teenager is an amazing time and a hard time. It's when you make your best friends - I have girls who will never leave my heart and I still talk to. You get the best and the worst as a teen. You have the best friendships and the worst heartbreaks.
To be happy, it first takes being comfortable being in your own shoes. The rest can work up from there.
I was lucky. My family is wonderful. And it's funny, because most of my best friends come from very large families. So it always felt as if I had lots of siblings, though in the end I had to leave them and go home. I kind of got the best of both worlds as a kid.
I think the sexiest thing on anybody is intelligence. I respect somebody who has a brain and wants to use it more than a pretty face and status.
I have walked away from friendships when I've realized that someone smiles to someone's face and talks about them the minute they walk out of a room. I have no room in my life for that kind of negative energy anymore.
Life is too short, and I'm Italian. I'd much rather eat pasta and drink wine than be a size 0.
The hardest situation to stay happy in, I think, is when you're trying to find love, and yourself at the same time. It just doesn't seem to fit well.
I've always wanted to fight for people who didn't have arms. I've always wanted to speak up for people who don't have a voice. I've always wanted to protect people who couldn't protect themselves. It's my nature. It's my instinct.
I think the greatest thing that we can do is take care of each other.
I'm such a sucker for love and I believe in it and I always want it to win.
I started, whenever I got to a city, just getting on Style Seat, which is the most incredible app for any girl who doesn't have 100 stylists at her fingertips. I can see who's well-rated and whose portfolio I like, and then book an appointment all from my phone, which made having bangs a lot easier.
Because sorry to say, women run the house. They run the family. They hold things up. I mean, it's like you don't ever see your mom get sick because she handles everything. And it's kind of amazing I think to show people just how strong women are.
Fashion is in my blood. Growing up, I was always clacking around the house in my mother's shoes.
We've all known a John Tucker. We've either known one, dated one or our best friend has dated one. I think a lot of men at one point or another have been a John Tucker.
I get to do what I love every day. I get to crawl into someone else's head and I love that.
Brooke and I share some similarities. We're both passionate, fiercely loyal people. But she is far more outlandish than I'd ever be, particularly with her body and her sexuality. Brooke has made herself weak for men - she only gained self-confidence from their attention.
I have pretty thick eyebrows, so I'm really grateful to Brooke Shields, the first time around, and now Cara Delevingne for making that such a thing. For those of us who were born that way, it's kind of nice.
Tacos are the perfect food.
People just deserve to be treated with kindness.
I don't think you can really, truly be the partner you want to be until you know on an absolute level that you are a complete person on your own.
I love boxing. There's something fierce about using your body's force that way.
People care about my personal life. But really I'm dorky! I drink beer and go to football games. And ya know, sit in my house in a t-shirt on the weekends and play with my dog!
There are fundamentalist psychopaths in every religion in the world. Every single one.
When you use God as an excuse to hate people and you use God as an excuse to cut people down, first of all, I think it's insulting to God.
The more that I know of politics, the more it makes me realize that being a politician is largely useless.
I believe all men, all women, regardless of race, gender, socioeconomic background, you deserve the same rights.
When I started training, I just started running every day, which you shouldn't do. I learned that lesson the hard way by getting a stress fracture.
All the sudden high-impact stress can really take a toll on your body. So if you still want to be active and get in a good workout, go to a yoga class or pilates class, or get in some strength and conditioning.
If I spend a Saturday being lazy and curled up on the couch with my dogs, I'll just make sure to get out and be active on Sunday.
I fight for the environment because we only have one planet, but I see how the environment affects poverty and how the environment affects women around the world.
I had the most incredible English and literature teachers in school, and it really influenced my love of storytelling. It's what made me excited to study journalism in college. I love editorials and documentaries. All of that came from being given the opportunity to lose myself in good writing when I was a kid.
If I wasn't an actor, I'd probably be working in journalism.
Two people who I think have the world's most perfect skin are Cate Blanchett and Kate Bosworth. Maybe there's something to being named Kate, I don't know, but those two just seem to be effortless, yet completely, ethereally gorgeous.
I've started to treat my health like a science project.
I'm not a waif-y girl and never will be. I think it's healthy when fitness experts encourage fitness rather than getting a certain body shape.
My dream job is to be the Robin to Anderson Cooper's Batman.
I believe in the joyous power of an unscheduled dance break.
I believe people are inherently magical and good.
It's no secret - if you know me, have ever met me or have shared a meal with me - that I'm a passionate environmentalist.
I will not vote for a candidate who thinks you can 'pray away the gay;' I will not vote for a candidate who thinks that he has more rights to my uterus than I do; I will not vote for a candidate who thinks that it's okay to dump toxic waste in the ocean.
