American,Actress
Take a step back, evaluate what is important, and enjoy life.
When you hear the word 'disabled,' people immediately think about people who can't walk or talk or do everything that people take for granted. Now, I take nothing for granted. But I find the real disability is people who can't find joy in life and are bitter.
I have an enormous fondness for delicious food. It's very comforting.
I try to laugh as much as possible and enjoy the company of people who can make me laugh.
I have worked enough and I am happy to be touring the country speaking about living with MS to give people inspiration and motivation to help themselves.
If you get a diagnosis, get on a therapy, keep a good attitude and keep your sense of humor.
You have to lift your head up out of the mud and just do it.
I've always had this American-pie face that would get work in commercials... I'd say things like, 'Hi, Marge, how's your laundry?' and 'Hi, I'm a real nice Georgia peach.' Sometimes this work is one step above being a cocktail waitress.
Oddly enough, MS has made my life so much better than it was before. I now appreciate what I have and I am not running around like a rat in a maze.
I'm wondering if they haven't reported all the people with MS, because if all of the cases were reported, the government would have to step in and give more financial aid to us.
If you get somebody laughing - and then stick in a point about something important - they'll remember it.
Someday, I'll make the right connection with the house I'm meant to be in.
I plan to live to be 120!
I have heard all kinds of stories about telling employers about MS and I really don't know what the answer is. I am a private person, but I have found support by talking to fellow MSrs in the community.
Win or lose, star or not, you wait for your car with everyone else, and waiting for your car is a drag.
My mother was a real tough cookie. She raised the three of us, and she worked at the same time.
A chiropractor wishes he were a doctor, just like those people outside Spago wish they were actors.
You can be diagnosed and treated early. And there is hope for the future.
I think eventually they're going to find out that MS is like 10 different things. I have a neurological disease something like MS, and it's MS, so let's take medicine for it.
Any movie I've ever made, the minute you walk on the set they tell you who's the person to buy it from.
I go to my physical therapist to keep fighting it and one of them told me if you don't use it, you lose it, but I know we're on television so I won't say what I would often say.
I've always been this insane. Isn't that interesting?
I have been off the motorcycles for about 20 years now, but that doesn't mean I can't still do it.
I think there are a lot of myths about MS, and it may have affected my career.
There are things that you can do today that, years ago, there was nothing. The community today needs to know that with MRI and the current medications the view is good.
I take one of the interferon therapies, Rebif.
I was in love with Michael Keaton. He was very funny.
'30 Rock' is one of the best things on TV, I think.
Elvis used to have parties at his house - and I've told this story a million times - but they weren't really parties, because there was no chips or dip. Just Elvis and his boys watching TV, and him making funny comments, and everybody laughing at them. Is that a party? Not really. But that's Hollywood.
People ask me about my limp. I say, 'You know, I don't know how bad it is, because I don't watch - I don't watch myself.' I don't look at it. I don't.
I feel very badly about anybody that's sick and in a wheelchair or not doing well. But you know, you have to go, 'Life is a poker game, and we're going to play our cards somehow.'
My mother was a role model.
God is in all - I believe in God, yes. And I believe God is in us.
I always say don't be scared. It's not that bad - there's always something worse - and there is definitely life after multiple sclerosis.
Speaking out about multiple sclerosis to others who may be dealing with this disease is actually helpful to me as well as, I hope, to others. It builds community, helps bring awareness to MS, and strengthens the MS movement that will ultimately lead to the end of this disease.
Having to manage fatigue is something I and many people with MS have to deal with, and heat is no friend to my MS, either; it can be devastating.
I have one brother who is a surgeon, there's me, and my other brother builds boats.
I had to learn to walk again, talk again, think again.
I started out in the 1970s doing the Wife, the Bimbo, and the Ditz, and if I somehow get a serious role, they all wanna know the same thing: When are you going back to comedy?
I went on the 'Letterman' show the first time to plug something, and then I came back as the Fool, the court jester.
I resent it when they write the part of a woman who's just a sexy femme fatale who seduces people to ger her way, perpetrating the myth that that's how woman have to operate, instead of using their brains or their wit.
This new movie, 'Full Moon in Blue Water,' I loved the idea of working with Gene Hackman, who is a great actor, but when I read the script, I threw it right into the trash can, because I didn't like this woman. She was just a doormat.
If I counted them all up, I was a dancer in sixty movies!
Directors would tell me, 'We want you to play a character a little less complex than you are.' Yeah, sure. What they mean is, 'You're playing a dummy.'
When you're a kid, you should be a kid.
I'm always like this with a new movie role. I always get super-defensive and make noises like a rooster, Maybe that's because I spent so much time as a chorus girl.
It doesn't help to contemplate how sad your life is. You have to move on.
They drilled a hole in my head and wrapped a coil around my brain so it wouldn't bleed anymore.
I went to physical therapy, occupational therapy, voice, every kind of therapy except mental therapy - obviously!
I did a string of about six or seven Elvis movies, all in a row. He made all of those movies in two years' time. All of them bad. Don't quote me.
If there's ever a woman who's smart, funny, or witty, people are afraid of that, so they don't write that. They only write parts for women where they let everything be steamrolled over them, where they let people wipe their feet all over them.
Being a successful Hollywood actress may be challenging, but little did I know that the very body that had always been my calling card would betray me.
The Academy not only knew I existed, they thought I was good!
I had been nominated for an Academy Award for my performance as Sandy Lester, Dustin Hoffman's neurotic, struggling actress girlfriend, in 'Tootsie.' Under Sydney Pollack's direction, 'Tootsie' had been a runaway hit starring Dustin as an unemployed actor who pretends to be a woman in order to land a role in a soap opera.
I thought, 'If I can't be prom queen, I can dance 'Les Sylphide.'
I'd like to play something classical. I'm in the Strindberg society, and we do readings of Strindberg plays. I'd love to do Nora in 'A Doll's House.' And Chekhov. I have been working back to back on what I call 'regular jobs,' so it's hard to do plays.
How come women are treated differently from men all the time? Not only handicapped people, but women - and handicapped women, forget it!
I was trying to work, but I noticed that people, if they had any inkling of the idea that I was sick or had MS... people shunned me. No work after that.
There are several drugs out right now that can't stop multiple sclerosis, but they can slow it way down. They also made me puff up like a balloon. So I looked horrible. I hated that.
My next book's title is going to be, 'I Have One Foot in the Grave and Another on a Banana Peel.'
What's worse in Hollywood, being handicapped or being a woman over 50?
I didn't tell people because I didn't want pity, and I was afraid I wouldn't get work. But others with MS need to know they are not alone. We don't have to be victims.
If you get your foot in the door doing one kind of part, that's the kind of role they call you for. I can't say I resent it - then I would resent my whole career.
Joan Collins was the best. She really could sort of pull it off, be really outrageous and never even flinch.
There's people doing whatever the hell they want and getting away with it.
My father died when I was 11. He was a vaudeville comedian. He worked in one movie, 'Ladies of the Chorus,' as Marilyn Monroe's father.
My mother was a Rockette at Radio City.
I went to North Hollywood High. I'm the original Val girl.
My agents have me in the Actors' Protection Program. It seems to be working very well. Nobody can find me.
The whole MS stuff put the kibosh on my career. And I sort of let it go. I even have a friend who went to CBS and said, 'I want Teri Garr to be in this series,' and the head of the network said, 'Oh no, she's got MS.'
I get this thing every once in a while that I call 'ESS:' emergency sleep situation. I'll get like lead, really fatigued, and I can't move.
I think I look pretty good. And I know there are human beings my age who look the way I do. There must be stories about us - not just about people who are young and good-looking.
When I was a dancer, I would see that dancers were treated like garbage. I mean like, like extras.
Speed bumps, I was thinking, you know, you're driving along, everything's OK, and then there's a speed bump to go, 'Slow down.' Go over it real slowly, and you hit the pedal, and you keep going, and I just thought it was kind of a nice metaphor for life.
What's happening to me is I'm still happy and functioning, being able to listen to music, see good movies, read good books. What else is there that I can't, you know, I mean, I'm OK.
Please, people, don't drink and vote. We'll all pay for that.
I feel ashamed of how many houses I've actually crept inside of when they were up for sale. I'm not a snoop, but I love looking and imagining.
I talked once with Harrison Ford about Wright's houses and how impressive they are.
I don't want to sound hoity-toity, but people told me I should watch 'Cheers' because it's very funny. So I watched it, and I just went, 'This is the great show of the universe?' To me, acting is making characters believable, not just doing jokes.
I loved the stories my parents and grandparents would read to me.
I remember some stories had a very big impact on me, like 'The Little Train That Could,' which is about the importance of not giving up, and 'Little Toot,' about a playful tugboat in the New York harbor.
I don't let Molly watch much television. The only stations I let her watch are PBS and the Disney Channel. The cartoons on the other stations are too violent and filled with obnoxious commercials.
I go to Yosemite a lot. To get there, you fly from L.A. to Fresno and rent a car. So I know about Fresno. It looks like the entire city was built in 1946 in three months - all these low California ranch style homes. The whole city looks like that.
I think it's critical, a sense of humor. It did help me - it does help me, continuously.
My daughter couldn't wake me up, so they called 911. They rushed me to the hospital. They drilled a hole in my head and wrapped a coil around my brain. I was unconscious for a week, and I was in rehab for two months - couldn't walk, couldn't talk. Now I've relearned everything. I'm so happy.
I may not be able to run around the block anymore, but I love my life.
What is the difference between an actress over 50 and an actress with a disability? Nothing. They both can't find work.
When one woman found out I had multiple sclerosis, she said to me, 'My heart bleeds for you.' I said to her, 'Well, my heart bleeds for you, because you're an idiot.'
