American,Actress
I do have the most adorable little Chihuahua mix. I adopted him about 3 1/2 years ago from Much Love pet adoption, and he has been the love of my life ever since. His name is Beau, or as my sister and I like to call him ' mushy mush' because he truly is just a pile of loving mush that just melts in your arms.
Obviously I ask my family and loved ones for advice here and there, but I kind of have a rule with the people I love that surround me - close family and close friends - that unless I ask for it, I don't really want advice thrown out.
I just think people are so used to seeing me on shows like 'Vampire Diaries' and 'Pretty Little Liars,' which are more geared toward teens. But in reality, I could have a 12-year-old kid.
I have so much respect for people in the service. The mental strength it takes to do what they do is unbelievable.
There's a lot more people out there than you would think who cannot differentiate between TV and reality. I do think there's a lot of people out there who think I'm a nasty human being.
I feel like - and maybe you're going to think I'm crazy for saying this - 'Vampire Diaries' has crazy fans, 'Pretty Little Liars' has crazy fans, but I swear to you, I have never met crazier fans than 'One Tree Hill's.
I have sat in with the Burbank Philharmonic and the Topanga Orchestra when they need someone if someone gets sick or something.
I love wraps and shawls.
I got followed by the paparazzi because they thought I was Shannyn Sossamon.
I've always said I would want to be a funeral director if I wasn't an actor.
I started playing violin when I was six, so I thought I could be a professional. It wasn't until I was 15 when I got into acting classes and realized this was what I wanted to do.
I have realized sometimes I do better working under a crazy schedule. It gives me less time to overthink things and forces me to be present.
I was worried for a while that it was some sort of reflection of me that all I seemed to be getting were these characters that were a tad bit loony. But I love it. Those are the most fun characters to play!
Going to Africa was being able to take my volunteering and my passion for hospice one step further.
There were a lot of kids from Puerto Rico at my high school in Florida; people always assumed I was Puerto Rican. Even now in California, I get talked to on the street in Spanish constantly!
Before anyone learns my last name, they always assume I have some type of Latin background in me somewhere. I love it! I think the Latin culture is sexy. It's one of my goals to learn to speak Spanish one day; then I will really be able to fool people!
I love the dancing and the music from Latin cultures. I went to a Flamenco show in Spain once, and it completely took my breath away!
Fernanda Andrade and Daphne Zuniga are two beautiful, inspiring women I met and became very close with while living in L.A. Daphne's father is from Central America, and Fernanda is originally from Brazil.
