American,Actress
It's nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you.
Being a teen can be tough. Just try to surround yourself with really good friends that really have your back, and also be a really good friend to those who really care about you. If you're not sure about certain things, talk to your friends that you trust and your family.
I don't have to wear any other makeup as long as I have blush.
Going to a concert is so overwhelming and the energy is amazing.
I would describe my personal style as eclectic.
If you've been driving for a little while and nothing's happened to you yet - and you've been texting and driving - you think, 'Oh nothing's going to happen.' But all it takes is an accident happening with one of your friends or God forbid, something happening to you, to really give you a wake-up call.
Well, I'm an independent person.
A guy wants a classy girl who is smart and has goals - someone that he wouldn't be afraid to bring home to his parents.
You know when you have a good relationship with someone when you are just perfectly happy to be quiet and just hang out and do nothing.
I'm all about the supplements. I take fish oil every single day, as well as vitamin D, magnesium, B complex, vitamin C.
Sometimes I feel edgy, sometimes I feel like I want to wear a bright, bold beautiful color.
If you're smart and you care about life, you'll take driving seriously.
Guys who are charismatic and fun-loving and sweet and generous are the ones I want to date.
I think prom is just about enjoying yourself.
New York, in itself, has this frenzied, chaotic feeling to it. It's such a big city, and it's always moving, and there are so many people.
I love fashion and there is no easier way to express yourself than through the clothes you wear.
So many girls only care about guys and looking good all the time.
If you love something, you have to stay really focused and can't let outside things distract you.
My day-to-day look is inspired by comfort, color and just how I'm feeling that day.
I like to dress for my body type and for my coloring.
Someone once told me that something they really liked about me was that they thought that I was really down to earth and not high-maintenance. I think that was cool. It's important to stay grounded.
Guys don't like girls that throw themselves at them. That's something that I've learned.
My number one thing was that if I ever did get successful enough to make it, I wanted to be able to give back to my family.
At a young age, I had to give up a lot of things, like being able to hang out with my friends.
In a lot of ways, I wasn't a normal teenager.
I don't want to be the type of person to have my relationships plastered in magazines.
I think talent makes me really attracted to someone more than anything.
To even be called the 'teen queen' is crazy.
My favorite TV show is probably 'Glee.' I'm a Gleek, like everyone else!
I don't really consider myself to be famous.
I can't hold a grudge anyway.
I'm not looking to shock anyone.
My mom is not trying to live vicariously through me.
Someone's career that I admire would have to be Justin Timberlake's because he started off on Disney and he made this huge film career and huge solo music career. I really respect him as an artist.
I want to write music that's going to appeal to everyone.
I want to work with producers who are unique and have a different sound.
I want to stretch myself as an actor.
I am undeniably afraid of the dark!
If you're going through friendship issues, I would say, first of all take a step back. How important is the friendship to you? Sometimes, if someone's not being a good friend to you and isn't treating you the way you should be treated, then you kind of have to move on sometimes.
I don't take myself too seriously.
I don't want to sing boring pop songs - I want to sing songs that are meaningful to me.
I look up to Mick Jagger because he's an amazing performer and he's such an individual. I respect him and admire him eternally.
You have to be able to unleash your inner goofball with me.
I guess because people are more aware of who I am, they're going to wonder about my personal life.
I think it's really cool how J. Lo's been able to balance an acting career and a music career. That's something I strive for.
I like being active and riding a bike around my neighborhood and exercising when I can.
I'm half Puerto Rican and every Friday we have rice and beans and chicken in my house - so that's like a very Latin staple. It's just so comforting. I look forward to every single Friday because I just can't wait for my rice and beans and chicken.
I love going to second-hand stores.
Just because something is on trend, it might not work for you.
Music is such a part of my soul.
I'm skilled in the Twitter and Instagram sense of the social media verse.
I live for comedy. I've been doing it for such a long time. Comedy is hard in itself.
You have to be really careful with what you put out on social media and who you're talking to online.
I love to read books by women I look up to who are smart, funny, and interesting, like Tina Fey's 'Bossypants' and Mindy Kaling's 'Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?'
I love comedy; I'm very goofy and spontaneous.
I admire people like Kristen Wiig, who is hilarious but also does a lot of really cool films. I would love to have a career like hers.
Educate yourself: Read up on current events and books.
I drink lots of water, and I've been trying to do daily wheatgrass shots, but they're awful, and I have to plug my nose.
I'm a huge sushi fan. I have it every couple of days.
I'm a jeans fanatic. It's ridiculous how many jeans I have.
My stepdad is a Patriots fan, so I've become a Pats fan, too.
When you know what you're passionate about and what you want to do, just go for it and own it.
I feel so honored to be reprising the role of Janet Weiss and stepping into Susan Sarandon's shoes.
What really matters is what's on the inside.
Focus on something that you have a passion for and hone that skill; it will make you feel confident about your ability.
