Indian,Actress
Life has been kind to me. I am happy with the love and appreciation that I have been getting throughout my career. I feel blessed.
I enjoy the sari. I think it's the sexiest garment ever. It shows you the right amount, it covers the right amount, it's extremely versatile, it suits every body type, it suits every face.
I think the beautiful thing about the past is that it leads you to the present.
I take one day at a time. I am not someone to define my goals.
I don't think my competition is with the heroes. I don't think I'm competing with anyone. I don't mean to sound Zen, but genuinely, when I stopped competing with anything is when I started enjoying my work, and that brought out the best in me. I'm living in a universe of my own, and I'm enjoying that. I love to appreciate other people's work.
My so-called bad dress-sense phase happened when I was confused - I think I was taking advice all too often, without listening to my inner voice. Add to the fact that I was a little overweight; so every wrong 'outfit' got compounded all that much.
I think a woman should be wholesome, voluptuous and sizzling!
I'm someone who believes in 'live and let live,' and that applies to everything.
I am vegetarian. I have a sweet tooth, so I try and avoid desserts. I binge maybe once a month. I eat every two hours, whether it is a Marie biscuit or just a slice of apple. As a result, my metabolism has improved, and this is a huge contributor to weight loss.
I was a happy person before marriage. I'm definitely happier after marriage.
Promotions can be seen in two ways - either you hate them, and they're a burden, and you are getting through with it, or you can enjoy them. I decided early on that I was going to enjoy them. I did 43 interviews in a day for 'Kahaani.'
Women are blessed with energy - a power which is unique. I have been very fortunate to have played strong women and explored their strengths through my films.
Only conviction sells. Well, when we are insecure, we really don't have that 100 percent conviction. Once we have it, we can tide over everything.
Thumbs up to the buxom woman. Size zero is boring!
I eat to live and not the other way around. As a vegetarian, I'm not at all fussy about food and can make do with anything.
The stakes are high on every film now because there's the opening weekend. The first week is extremely crucial; increasingly, films are being judged in terms of opening day, opening weekend, then first week. People are going berserk promoting their films.
Marriage is something I'd recommend everyone to try, if you find the right person, of course.
A painter once told me that I'm like the Khajuraho, which you see once but which remains with you forever. I thought that was exquisite.
Cinema is about people, and we are a very emotional people. That is why you see those ups and those downs and those colours. That is what Indian cinema is about.
I remember someone telling me that when he saw the back of a woman's head, he knew that was the woman he was going marry. I laughed that away as silly talk. But I guess when a relationship has to happen, it happens seamlessly. Your partner just walks into your life.
I started feeling secure in every way once I began to accept myself the way I was. Whether that was emotional, financial or professional security, all of it came and embraced me because I embraced myself.
I can't cook to save my life.
Sexuality, desirability has nothing to do with body type. It has to do with how you feel from within. I was at my fattest best in 'The Dirty Picture,' and I was called the most desirable. So there you go. I am quite well-endowed, so I have no complaints.
I could live in a sari; I was born to wear a sari.
I don't bother about how people feel about me. What matters to me is how I feel about them.
I have never thought of winning an Oscar. Rather, I never thought I would get the Padma Shri. I think God has been kind to me. I think getting Oscar award is not too far away.
