American,Actress
Now, I love playing moms who can't hide their paranoia.
If you want to play the good roles, spend more time in in college and in acting class than you do in the gym, and you'll have the career you want.
You have to ask yourself if you want to be the kind of actress who's interesting, or the kind of actress who's meant to play the pretty-but-uninteresting wife of a chubby guy on a network sitcom.
You always end up saying and doing such horrible things to your family, 'cause you know they're never going anywhere, and at some point, they're going to forgive you.
Back when I was growing up, it was like, 'You're too young to know what you want. We're telling you what you want. It doesn't matter if you like it. And you are stupid. Just so you know.'
Pulling away from your parents, that's the natural thing to do; that's how life progresses.
Different people's houses smell like different weird things. God forbid someone should come and nail down what my house smells like. It'd probably be a litter box... sweaty socks... and burnt bacon. That probably is what it smells like.
You know what? At the end of the day, funny is funny. I hope to see the end of all the female cliches that are written in a lot of comedies that are named chick flicks.
I like to play the weirdos. I like to play the people that are hard to like. You get to say and do things that you would never say and do in real life.
Weddings are really good for making you feel terrible about yourself if you're not where you want to be in life.
You think your friends have good taste in fashion, until they ask you to wear an ugly bridesmaid dress!
You can't beat a Diane Von Fostenburg wrap dress; I always tend to go for the wrap dresses with a little more structure. I also love Prada shoes.
I've got a bunch of books... I rely on funny books and movies to cheer me up. Oh, but I must say, I do have the world's most perfect husband, so a cuddle from him always cheers me up. He's a good guy.
What's the most humiliating thing? When you take someone to dinner or you cook somebody dinner and they get food poisoning. I mean, how bad do you feel?
Come on, planning a wedding, let's be honest, it's not fun. It's not fun being in a wedding.
Oh my gosh, if I could be on '30 Rock', my life would be made. That is my favorite show. My absolute favorite show.
