Portuguese,Coach
Football is a game about feelings and intelligence.
I enjoy the work, I enjoy every minute of my professional life.
When I go to the press conference before the game, in my mind the game has already started.
Sometimes you see beautiful people with no brains. Sometimes you have ugly people who are intelligent, like scientists.
For me, your real age is not the age on your ID. That's just a date when you were born.
I hate to speak about individuals. Players don't win you trophies, teams win trophies, squads win trophies.
Well, uh, I don't know another way than to work at the top level, which is what I do every day.
I was nine or 10 years old and my father was sacked on Christmas Day. He was a manager, the results had not been good, he lost a game on December 22 or 23. On Christmas Day, the telephone rang and he was sacked in the middle of our lunch.
You see how Spanish, Italians, Portuguese play football. I don't say they are perfect, I say English football has a few things to learn from them in the same way they have a lot of things to learn from English football.
Please don't call me arrogant, but I'm European champion and I think I'm a special one.
I'm not a defender of old or new football managers. I believe in good ones and bad ones, those that achieve success and those that don't.
Money does not guarantee success.
The moral of the story is not to listen to those who tell you not to play the violin but stick to the tambourine.
I always say that I need competition, and I need competition every week, and in Spain, I was at an amazing club, but I had four matches a year: Barcelona v Real Madrid, Real Madrid v Barcelona, and after that, we'd win 4-0, 5-0, 4-1, 6-1.
There has been evolution in many different areas - the way I read the game; the way I prepare the game; the way I train; the methodology... I feel better and better. But there is one point where I cannot change: when I face the media, I am never a hypocrite.
I know one of my best qualities is to read the game for my players, is to read the opponent, is to identify every detail about the opponent.
So I know all about the ups and downs of football, I know that one day I will be sacked.
Everybody can be smart.
The period before the game can be important to influence opinions, characters, personalities, feelings, and, of course, I use that to touch my players, to touch opponents, to touch supporters.
The world is so competitive, aggressive, consumive, selfish and during the time we spend here we must be all but that.
Unhappy is a nice word.
I can have everything I love at the same time. I can have my family, I can have my friends, and I can have my quiet life, which I also like. I can have my football, and I can have everything together, and I don't need to give up one to be better than what I am.
At the very least we should be given a bit of credit and a little bit of space, and maybe the media should think we could help them discover why English teams do not win European competitions.
I have always felt an affinity with Old Trafford; it has hosted some important memories for me in my career, and I have always enjoyed a rapport with the United fans.
I think the best place to work in football is England.
The team is completely close. Anything you say outside, there is no chance it will go inside. So the team is really strong and compact. We know what we want and how to achieve it on the pitch.
I don't know where football will take me because in football, you never know, but for sure, as a family, our home will be in London.
In football, I'm not so old. At 52, maybe I have 20 years in front of me to coach. But I feel myself as... you might say an 'old fox.' Nothing scares me; nothing worries me too much. It looks like nothing new can happen for me.
Once, players came to football expecting to be wealthy when they retired. Now, they expect to be wealthy before they've played their first game!
I give a lot of instruction in training. It's difficult for me to do the same in matches, so I need guys on the pitch to read the game, to understand what we want.
I remember playing at Old Trafford, and the way to the dugout was always nice. It was never like in other stadiums.
I prefer to play against the best players and the best teams and the best coaches. Never personal.
In football, the only game I know is the 90-minutes game. It's not mind games; I don't try to do that.
