Danish,Model
A beautiful person is someone who stays true to themselves and their spirit; someone who is self-confident and can make you smile.
When you are modelling, you are creating a picture, a still life, perhaps something like a silent film. You convey emotion but you are only using your body.
Harbour Island in the Bahamas is a wonderful little island with beautiful beaches, a great restaurant culture and friendly, welcoming atmosphere.
The more people explore the world, the more they realize in every country there's a different aesthetic. Beauty really is in the eye of the beholder.
There will always be a desire for something new, fresh and innovative, as well as a yearning and respect for timeless elegance and beauty.
Denmark is like a secret little place with its own special language.
I still love taking pictures with Polaroid film. For me, it offers the most beautiful way of capturing reality and transferring it onto a flat piece of paper.
It's really intimidating to go on the beach in a bikini.
I love playing around with vintage fabrics and lace.
In modelling, there is no point in trying to prove you have a brain, so why even bother? I'd sooner save the energy for something more meaningful.
There are particular images that I like. Allegro is composed of a series of still life photographs that has been put to speed. There is so much care that has gone into the composition of the cinematography.
I've taken my knickers off. My friends told me my panty line was visible, so I went without.
I am very much aware of the visual side of things. I do a lot of photography. I often take Polaroids of things that strike me as visually interesting, just to remember them and perhaps use later.
I had never done any serious acting before, but I decided that it was a chance that I should take.
I was born in high heels and I've worn them ever since.
Kate is going to come back, she is going to be super-strong again. Everybody is going to want her again because she is that kind of person. She is very professional and beautiful and she is going to be around forever.
This was all very new to me and I did not want to ruin his film! So we worked hard on that basis of confidence that is needed to collaborate comfortably.
When on the set of a film, you have to play natural for entire scenes in a very unnatural environment. You have to express emotions and interact with other actors and also use your voice.
Modelling is a silly, crazy business.
There've been times when I've bought a whole pound of cheese and walked down the street and eaten it in one go.
I'm a fun person. I like cracking jokes and being completely nerdy.
Some designers retain a sense of humour about what they do, but others are deathly serious and have no life outside of it; they're lying awake night after night constructing dresses in their heads.
So many times I've wanted to crack up, standing there stiff while seven women are crawling round my toes fixing hems and the designer's having a freak-out because the denim cuffs are crooked. I'm on the verge of hysteria.
I was once stranded on a broken-down boat in shark-infested waters in the middle of the Indian Ocean for five days before we were rescued while doing a 'Vogue' shoot.
I always loved the style of Jean Seberg, Jane Birkin and Marilyn Monroe.
I would love to photograph Stephen Hawking. I am just fascinated by science, I really am.
