American,Author
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.
Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
A leaf fluttered in through the window this morning, as if supported by the rays of the sun, a bird settled on the fire escape, joy in the task of coffee, joy accompanied me as I walked.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
When we blindly adopt a religion, a political system, a literary dogma, we become automatons. We cease to grow.
I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naive or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.
Anxiety is love's greatest killer. It makes others feel as you might when a drowning man holds on to you. You want to save him, but you know he will strangle you with his panic.
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life, an individual meaning, an individual plot, like an individual novel, a book for each person.
How wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself.
The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
People living deeply have no fear of death.
Our life is composed greatly from dreams, from the unconscious, and they must be brought into connection with action. They must be woven together.
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.
Each contact with a human being is so rare, so precious, one should preserve it.
The only abnormality is the incapacity to love.
Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions.
Living never wore one out so much as the effort not to live.
Dreams are necessary to life.
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death.
I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.
If all of us acted in unison as I act individually there would be no wars and no poverty. I have made myself personally responsible for the fate of every human being who has come my way.
There are many ways to be free. One of them is to transcend reality by imagination, as I try to do.
I will not be just a tourist in the world of images, just watching images passing by which I cannot live in, make love to, possess as permanent sources of joy and ecstasy.
