American,Author
The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance.
Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.
Move out of your comfort zone. You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, 'What's in it for me?'
Just as your car runs more smoothly and requires less energy to go faster and farther when the wheels are in perfect alignment, you perform better when your thoughts, feelings, emotions, goals, and values are in balance.
Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life.
Goals allow you to control the direction of change in your favor.
Teamwork is so important that it is virtually impossible for you to reach the heights of your capabilities or make the money that you want without becoming very good at it.
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.
It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going.
Successful people are simply those with successful habits.
The more credit you give away, the more will come back to you. The more you help others, the more they will want to help you.
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.
If you wish to achieve worthwhile things in your personal and career life, you must become a worthwhile person in your own self-development.
Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event.
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine.
The person we believe ourselves to be will always act in a manner consistent with our self-image.
No one lives long enough to learn everything they need to learn starting from scratch. To be successful, we absolutely, positively have to find people who have already paid the price to learn the things that we need to learn to achieve our goals.
If you raise your children to feel that they can accomplish any goal or task they decide upon, you will have succeeded as a parent and you will have given your children the greatest of all blessings.
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear.
Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future.
The happiest people in the world are those who feel absolutely terrific about themselves, and this is the natural outgrowth of accepting total responsibility for every part of their life.
Your greatest asset is your earning ability. Your greatest resource is your time.
Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality.
Relationships are the hallmark of the mature person.
