English,Author
One of my most vivid memories of the mid-1950s is of crying into a washbasin full of soapy grey baby clothes - there were no washing machines - while my handsome and adored husband was off playing football in the park on Sunday morning with all the delightful young men who had been friends to both of us at Cambridge three years earlier.
I enjoyed the whole process of learning and was always happy when autumn came and school or college started up again.
Everyone finds their own version of Charles Dickens. The child-victim, the irrepressibly ambitious young man, the reporter, the demonic worker, the tireless walker. The radical, the protector of orphans, helper of the needy, man of good works, the republican. The hater and the lover of America. The giver of parties, the magician, the traveler.
People who attack biography choose as their models vulgar and offensive biography. You could equally attack novels or poems by choosing bad poems or novels.
'Philomena' was even better than I had expected. I was so pleased to see the evil Irish nuns thoroughly exposed, and I thought Judi Dench gave a flawless performance, as did everybody else.
My life was a sort of series of random disasters.
Historians will handle a much wider range of sources than a biographer and will be covering a broader spectrum of events, time, peoples.
Biographers use historians more than historians use biographers, although there can be two-way traffic - e.g., the ever-growing production of biographies of women is helping to change the general picture of the past presented by historians.
Why do we read biography? Why do we choose to write it? Because we are human beings, programmed to be curious about other human beings, and to experience something of their lives. This has always been so - look at the Bible, crammed with biographies, very popular reading.
All the people I have written about remain with me - perhaps they are my closest friends.
Poetry was one of the things that interested me most as I was growing up. I used to write it in my head all the time. I still think the very greatest pleasure in life is to write a poem.
I continually get more information about a subject after the book has been published.
I think it's about as likely Jane Austen was gay as that she was found out to be a man.
Writing Charles Dickens' biography is like writing five biographies.
I always feel sad when I come to the end of a book.
The book doesn't end when you finish writing it.
I sometimes think that, since I started writing biographies, I've had more of a life in books than I have had in my real life.
After Shakespeare, Dickens is the great creator of characters, multiple characters.
Writers often feel obliged to adopt some sort of public appearance.
Dickens was a part of how the whole celebration of Christmas as we know it today emerged during the 19th century.
In 1843, everybody was hungry, unemployed, and conditions were very bad.
Dickens had more energy than anyone in the world, and he expected his sons to be like him, and they couldn't be.
Dickens belongs to the English people.
The whole world knows Dickens, his London and his characters.
As he approached his 28th birthday in February 1840, Dickens knew himself to be famous, successful and tired. He needed a rest, and he made up his mind to keep the year free of the pressure of producing monthly installments of yet another long novel.
By the time I went up to Cambridge, I was extremely quiet and well behaved, although I now meet people who remember me as not like that at all.
I fell in love with Shakespeare when I was 12, and I read the whole works. Yes, I was precocious.
I think it's quite normal for people to have love affairs.
I'm interested in history, in trying to relate the past to the present and to understand how people thought about their problems and pleasures.
I'm usually convinced that what I'm working on is a total disaster.
In 2007, several musicologists contacted me at about the same time, expressing interest in the work of the mysterious Muriel Herbert, a few of whose songs they had come across.
When dealing with a subject who is dead, you have this feeling of being God. You know who they're going to marry, when they're going to die. It's strange to feel so omniscient.
I was working at the 'Evening Standard' when I heard that there was a job going as deputy literary editor on the 'New Statesman.' I remember thinking, 'That's perfect.' It was three days a week, and I had children, but I could make that work - so I applied for it and got it.
I thought it was a glorious thing to be a critic and to be a literary editor, and one was really doing something that mattered: to keep up standards, to take books seriously.
When I wrote about Mary Wollstonecraft, I found that here she was, in the late 18th century, going to work for the 'Analytical Review.' What was the 'Analytical Review?' It was a magazine that dealt with politics and literature.
I have been left-wing always, from childhood.
Dickens is always full of surprises.
Throughout his life, Dickens cared passionately about orphans.
As a young man, Dickens worked as a reporter in the House of Commons and hated it. He felt that all politicians spoke with the same voice.
Dickens never joined a political party nor put forward a political programme. He was a writer who rightly saw his power as coming through his fiction.
Because my father is French, my first school was the Lycee Francais de Londres in Kensington.
'A Christmas Carol' has been described as the most perfect of Dickens's works and as a quintessential heart-warming story, and it is certainly the most popular.
Most writers can tell stories of how their books failed to be made into films.
I had forgotten until I looked up old notes that I sold the film rights of my first book, a life of Mary Wollstonecraft: there was a lunch, a contract, a small sum of money, then nothing.
Biographies are, in their nature, far more difficult to make into films than novels, because novels come with plots constructed and dialogue written, whereas I don't invent dialogue for my subjects or plot their lives for them.
Biographers search for traces, for evidence of activity, for signs of movement, for letters, for diaries, for photographs.
