Indian,Author
A bigot is simply a sociologist without credentials.
Never assume, no matter how strong the temptation, that other people are low-life lying manipulators without a shred of human decency.
Other countries have been founded by 'accidents of force.' America is a creation of thought.
Republicans passed the Fourteenth Amendment, securing for blacks equal rights under the law, and the Fifteenth Amendment, giving blacks the right to vote, over the Democrats' opposition.
Blacks' problems lie not in the heads of white people but rather in the wasted and incompletely fulfilled lives of too many black people.
Christianity has always embraced both reason and faith.
Contrary to what we learn from progressives in education and the media, the history of the Democratic Party well into the twentieth century is a virtually uninterrupted history of thievery, corruption, and bigotry.
Christianity is the very root and foundation of Western civilization.
If Obama came by his liberalism in the faculty lounge, then sure, he can see it hasn't worked, and he can modify it. But if Obama got his formative ideas when he was very young, and if they are the result of his traumatic relationship with his father, then they are built into his psyche.
In the end, of course, Republicans ended slavery and permanently outlawed it through the Thirteenth Amendment.
America is simultaneously the most attractive and most repulsive place on the planet. It is most loved and most hated.
We can stay in Afghanistan and stabilize the situation, or we can get out and win, or we can get out and lose.
Well, the taxes that everyone else is paying are supporting lots of programs that were in place prior to Obama's new spending. So new spending has too be paid for by new taxes, or by eliminating existing tax breaks. And Obama wants that burden to be borne exclusively by the rich.
Anti-Americanism from abroad would not be such a problem if Americans were united in standing up for their own country.
Iraq is part of a legitimate American effort not to have democracy everywhere but to have democracy somewhere.
For me, victory isn't measured by winning in the traditional sense.
I'm a Catholic by background. I was raised in Goa, a part of India that was visited by Portuguese missionaries a few hundred years ago, which explains my last name.
I'm completely Americanized - I have an American accent, an American wife - but a residue of me is foreign.
If you want to understand what is going on in the White House today, you have to begin with Barack Obama.
Obama gets his identity and his ideology from his father.
I believe the most compelling explanation of Obama's actions is that he is, just like his father, an anti-colonialist.
Christianity teaches that this life is not the only life, and there is a final judgment in which all earthly accounts are settled.
For many people, the reluctance to embrace Christianity is as practical as it is intellectual. They want to know what the benefits of Christianity are, or what's in it for them.
Christianity makes of life a moral drama in which we play a starring role and in which the most ordinary events take on a grand significance.
'War on terror' is a misnomer. It would be like calling America's involvement in World War II a 'war on kamikazism.' Terrorism, like kamikazism, is a tactic.
Barack Obama is the most antibusiness president in a generation, perhaps in American history.
An interesting parallel: MLK was targeted by J. Edgar Hoover, an unsavory character. I was targeted by the equally unsavory B. Hussein Obama.
Part of what you learn about life is that a wrecking ball can come out of nowhere, and it isn't just going to take out your left toe. It can hit you right in the middle and take you down.
I'm not above the law. No one is. But we don't want to live in a society where Lady Justice has one eye open and winks at her friends and casts the evil eye at her adversaries. When will it stop?
I am attracted to arguments that have a certain plausible originality to them.
American history is the story of Democratic malefactors and Republican heroes.
I came to America because this is a country defined by ladders of opportunity.
Obama doesn't know how to invent the iPhone; he can't start a successful business. He's never really worked in a business except for the briefest of times.
