American,Author
Personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures.
All good writing is swimming under water and holding your breath.
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
Genius is the ability to put into effect what is on your mind.
Show me a hero and I'll write you a tragedy.
First you take a drink, then the drink takes a drink, then the drink takes you.
You don't write because you want to say something, you write because you have something to say.
Either you think, or else others have to think for you and take power from you, pervert and discipline your natural tastes, civilize and sterilize you.
What'll we do with ourselves this afternoon? And the day after that, and the next thirty years?
Nothing is as obnoxious as other people's luck.
In a real dark night of the soul, it is always three o'clock in the morning, day after day.
Though the Jazz Age continued it became less and less an affair of youth. The sequel was like a children's party taken over by the elders.
Men get to be a mixture of the charming mannerisms of the women they have known.
Everybody's youth is a dream, a form of chemical madness.
I like people and I like them to like me, but I wear my heart where God put it, on the inside.
Life is essentially a cheat and its conditions are those of defeat; the redeeming things are not happiness and pleasure but the deeper satisfactions that come out of struggle.
I'm a romantic; a sentimental person thinks things will last, a romantic person hopes against hope that they won't.
To write it, it took three months; to conceive it three minutes; to collect the data in it all my life.
It is sadder to find the past again and find it inadequate to the present than it is to have it elude you and remain forever a harmonious conception of memory.
A great social success is a pretty girl who plays her cards as carefully as if she were plain.
Forgotten is forgiven.
No grand idea was ever born in a conference, but a lot of foolish ideas have died there.
At eighteen our convictions are hills from which we look; at forty-five they are caves in which we hide.
Switzerland is a country where very few things begin, but many things end.
My idea is always to reach my generation. The wise writer writes for the youth of his own generation, the critics of the next, and the schoolmasters of ever afterward.
Scratch a Yale man with both hands and you'll be lucky to find a coast-guard. Usually you find nothing at all.
I've been drunk for about a week now, and I thought it might sober me up to sit in a library.
The easiest way to get a reputation is to go outside the fold, shout around for a few years as a violent atheist or a dangerous radical, and then crawl back to the shelter.
Some men have a necessity to be mean, as if they were exercising a faculty which they had to partially neglect since early childhood.
Family quarrels are bitter things. They don't go according to any rules. They're not like aches or wounds, they're more like splits in the skin that won't heal because there's not enough material.
Often people display a curious respect for a man drunk, rather like the respect of simple races for the insane... There is something awe-inspiring in one who has lost all inhibitions.
Every one suspects himself of at least one of the cardinal virtues.
For awhile after you quit Keats all other poetry seems to be only whistling or humming.
No such thing as a man willing to be honest - that would be like a blind man willing to see.
No decent career was ever founded on a public.
Only remember west of the Mississippi it's a little more look, see, act. A little less rationalize, comment, talk.
