Swiss,Author
Without tolerance, our world turns into hell.
It is inhuman to continue a war which could easily be ended.
For people who have no critical acumen, a state is a mythical entity, for those who think critically it is a rational fiction, created by man in order to facilitate human coexistence.
The world is bad but not without hope. It is only hopeless when you look at it from an ideal viewpoint.
It is easy to kill when you don't see your victim.
Communism is a proposition to structure the world more reasonably, a proposition for changing the world. As such, we have to analyze it and, if we deem it reasonable, act upon it.
The only remedy against hunger is reasonable birth control.
The rightful claim to dissent is an existential right of the individual.
Everything in the world can be changed, my dear Florestan, but the human being.
We do not consider patriotism desirable if it contradicts civilized behavior.
When death has you by the throat, you don't mince words.
It is surely easier to confess a murder over a cup of coffee than in front of a jury.
The difference between humans and wild animals is that humans pray before they commit murder.
Nothing that has been thought can ever be taken back.
This inhuman world has to become more humane. But how?
So then learn to conquer your fear. This is the only art we have to master nowadays: to look at things without fear, and to fearlessly do right.
News reports don't change the world. Only facts change it, and those have already happened when we get the news.
There are risks which are not acceptable: the destruction of humanity is one of them.
Human life is beyond comprehension.
Religion and political expediency go beautifully hand in hand.
Truth is always a delusion.
In a society which is structured the wrong way, piety has no effect.
Above all, be suspicious of your fatherland. Nobody is more inclined to become a murderer than a fatherland.
A story is not finished, until it took the worst turn.
The freedom of each individual can only be the freedom of all.
For a person who is dying only eternity counts.
There is a moment when nothing can be wiped out and left behind any more, when there is only reality and reality is horrifying.
Someone who is about to die does not mourn the dead.
Pretend to be dumb, that's the only way to reach old age.
Everything that is necessary is also easy. You just have to accept it. And the most necessary, the most natural matter on this planet is death.
Resistance at all cost is the most senseless act there is.
The evolution of humans can not only be seen as the grand total of their wars; it is also defined by the evolution of the human mind and the development of the human consciousness.
