American,Author
Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.
Rose is a rose is a rose is a rose.
America is my country and Paris is my hometown.
Men and girls, men and girls: Artificial swine and pearls.
I like a view but I like to sit with my back turned to it.
Silent gratitude isn't very much to anyone.
To write is to write is to write is to write is to write is to write is to write is to write.
What is the answer? In that case, what is the question?
A vegetable garden in the beginning looks so promising and then after all little by little it grows nothing but vegetables, nothing, nothing but vegetables.
A masterpiece... may be unwelcome but it is never dull.
The minute you or anybody else knows what you are you are not it, you are what you or anybody else knows you are and as everything in living is made up of finding out what you are it is extraordinarily difficult really not to know what you are and yet to be that thing.
Literature - creative literature - unconcerned with sex, is inconceivable.
I could undertake to be an efficient pupil if it were possible to find an efficient teacher.
What is music. A passion for colonies not a love of country.
If you are looking down while you are walking it is better to walk up hill the ground is nearer.
Do not forget birthdays. This is in no way a propaganda for a larger population.
One of the pleasant things those of us who write or paint do is to have the daily miracle. It does come.
Action and reaction are equal and opposite.
There is no there there.
There is a difference between twenty-nine and thirty. When you are twenty-nine it can be the beginning of everything. When you are thirty it can be the end of everything.
Everybody knows if you are too careful you are so occupied in being careful that you are sure to stumble over something.
Let me listen to me and not to them.
It is always a mistake to be plain-spoken.
Do you know because I tell you so, or do you know, do you know.
This is the lesson that history teaches: repetition.
There ain't no answer. There ain't gonna be any answer. There never has been an answer. That's the answer.
The contemporary thing in art and literature is the thing which doesn't make enough difference to the people of that generation so that they can accept it or reject it.
Communists are people who fancied that they had an unhappy childhood.
It is the soothing thing about history that it does repeat itself.
If you can do it then why do it?
It is extraordinary that whole populations have no projects for the future, none at all. It certainly is extraordinary, but it is certainly true.
The thing that differentiates man from animals is money.
It is awfully important to know what is and what is not your business.
An audience is always warming but it must never be necessary to your work.
Everyone gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.
Generally speaking, everyone is more interesting doing nothing than doing anything.
It is funny the two things most men are proudest of is the thing that any man can do and doing does in the same way, that is being drunk and being the father of their son.
It is extraordinary that when you are acquainted with a whole family you can forget about them.
I think the reason I am important is that I know everything.
It is natural not to care about a sister certainly not when she is four years older and grinds her teeth at night.
Oh, I wish I were a miser; being a miser must be so occupying.
Supposing everyone lived at one time what would they say. They would observe that stringing string beans is universal.
Men cannot count, they do not know that two and two make four if women do not tell them so.
Is it worse to be scared than to be bored, that is the question.
It is so friendly so simply friendly and though inevitable not a sadness and though occurring not a shock.
Once more I can climb about and remind you that a woman in this epoch does the important literary thinking.
There is too much fathering going on just now and there is no doubt about it fathers are depressing.
Before the flowers of friendship faded friendship faded.
Argument is to me the air I breathe. Given any proposition, I cannot help believing the other side and defending it.
I rarely believe anything, because at the time of believing I am not really there to believe.
Name any name and then remember everybody you ever knew who bore that name. Are they all alike. I think so.
Romance is everything.
Remarks are not literature.
It is very easy to love alone.
History takes time. History makes memory.
In France one must adapt oneself to the fragrance of a urinal.
Human beings are interested in two things. They are interested in the reality and interested in telling about it.
Just before she died she asked, What is the answer? No answer came. She laughed and said, In that case, what is the question? Then she died.
It is not what France gave you but what it did not take from you that was important.
There is no such thing as being good to your wife.
A real failure does not need an excuse. It is an end in itself.
Sculpture is made with two instruments and some supports and pretty air.
I have always noticed that in portraits of really great writers the mouth is always firmly closed.
I have declared that patience is never more than patient. I too have declared, that I who am not patient am patient.
The nineteenth century was completely lacking in logic, it had cosmic terms and hopes, and aspirations, and discoveries, and ideals but it had no logic.
What is marriage, is marriage protection or religion, is marriage renunciation or abundance, is marriage a stepping-stone or an end. What is marriage.
That is what war is and dancing it is forward and back, when one is out walking one wants not to go back the way they came but in dancing and in war it is forward and back.
Just as everybody has the vote including women, I think children should, because as a child is conscious of itself then it has to me an existence and has a stake in what happens.
I don't envisage collectivism. There is no such animal, it is always individualism, sometimes the rest vote and sometimes they do not, and if they do they do and if they do not they do not.
Very likely education does not make very much difference.
The earth is the earth as a peasant sees it, the world is the world as a duchess sees it, and anyway a duchess would be nothing if the earth was not there as the peasant sees it.
A house in the country is not the same as a country house.
Poetry consists in a rhyming dictionary and things seen.
War is never fatal but always lost. Always lost.
I know what Germans are. They are a funny people. They are always choosing someone to lead them in a direction which they do not want to go.
The difference between saints, forget-me-nots, and mountains, have to, have to, have to at a time.
