American,Author
One's destination is never a place but rather a new way of looking at things.
The moment one gives close attention to any thing, even a blade of grass it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
Every man has his own destiny: the only imperative is to follow it, to accept it, no matter where it leads him.
The ordinary man is involved in action, the hero acts. An immense difference.
I have no money, no resources, no hopes. I am the happiest man alive.
All growth is a leap in the dark, a spontaneous unpremeditated act without benefit of experience.
The world dies over and over again, but the skeleton always gets up and walks.
Confusion is a word we have invented for an order which is not understood.
Develop interest in life as you see it; in people, things, literature, music - the world is so rich, simply throbbing with rich treasures, beautiful souls and interesting people. Forget yourself.
Every moment is a golden one for him who has the vision to recognize it as such.
Imagination is the voice of daring. If there is anything Godlike about God it is that. He dared to imagine everything.
Life has to be given a meaning because of the obvious fact that it has no meaning.
An artist is always alone - if he is an artist. No, what the artist needs is loneliness.
If men cease to believe that they will one day become gods then they will surely become worms.
True strength lies in submission which permits one to dedicate his life, through devotion, to something beyond himself.
Back of every creation, supporting it like an arch, is faith. Enthusiasm is nothing: it comes and goes. But if one believes, then miracles occur.
I have always looked upon decay as being just as wonderful and rich an expression of life as growth.
Develop an interest in life as you see it; the people, things, literature, music - the world is so rich, simply throbbing with rich treasures, beautiful souls and interesting people. Forget yourself.
The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware.
The concert is a polite form of self induced torture.
If we are always arriving and departing, it is also true that we are eternally anchored. One's destination is never a place but rather a new way of looking at things.
The one thing we can never get enough of is love. And the one thing we never give enough is love.
No man is great enough or wise enough for any of us to surrender our destiny to. The only way in which anyone can lead us is to restore to us the belief in our own guidance.
We do not talk - we bludgeon one another with facts and theories gleaned from cursory readings of newspapers, magazines and digests.
The real leader has no need to lead - he is content to point the way.
We live at the edge of the miraculous.
It isn't the oceans which cut us off from the world - it's the American way of looking at things.
The only thing we never get enough of is love; and the only thing we never give enough of is love.
Man has demonstrated that he is master of everything except his own nature.
The new always carries with it the sense of violation, of sacrilege. What is dead is sacred; what is new, that is different, is evil, dangerous, or subversive.
Example moves the world more than doctrine. The great exemplars are the poets of action, and it makes little difference whether they be forces for good or forces for evil.
Until we accept the fact that life itself is founded in mystery, we shall learn nothing.
Our own physical body possesses a wisdom which we who inhabit the body lack. We give it orders which make no sense.
Actors die so loud.
I have never been able to look upon America as young and vital but rather as prematurely old, as a fruit which rotted before it had a chance to ripen.
Art is only a means to life, to the life more abundant. It is not in itself the life more abundant. It merely points the way, something which is overlooked not only by the public, but very often by the artist himself. In becoming an end it defeats itself.
Music is a beautiful opiate, if you don't take it too seriously.
The man who is forever disturbed about the condition of humanity either has no problems of his own or has refused to face them.
Life is constantly providing us with new funds, new resources, even when we are reduced to immobility. In life's ledger there is no such thing as frozen assets.
The world is not to be put in order; the world is order, incarnate. It is for us to harmonize with this order.
Any genuine philosophy leads to action and from action back again to wonder, to the enduring fact of mystery.
Moralities, ethics, laws, customs, beliefs, doctrines - these are of trifling import. All that matters is that the miraculous become the norm.
No matter how vast, how total, the failure of man here on earth, the work of man will be resumed elsewhere. War leaders talk of resuming operations on this front and that, but man's front embraces the whole universe.
Whatever needs to be maintained through force is doomed.
What distinguishes the majority of men from the few is their ability to act according to their beliefs.
Madness is tonic and invigorating. It makes the sane more sane. The only ones who are unable to profit by it are the insane.
There is nothing strange about fear: no matter in what guise it presents itself it is something with which we are all so familiar that when a man appears who is without it we are at once enslaved by him.
What is not in the open street is false, derived, that is to say, literature.
In the beginning was the Word. Man acts it out. He is the act, not the actor.
The prisoner is not the one who has commited a crime, but the one who clings to his crime and lives it over and over.
And what is the potential man, after all? Is he not the sum of all that is human? Divine, in other words?
Honest criticism means nothing: what one wants is unrestrained passion, fire for fire.
What does it matter how one comes by the truth so long as one pounces upon it and lives by it?
Sin, guilt, neurosis; they are one and the same, the fruit of the tree of knowledge.
The world is the mirror of myself dying.
One can be absolutely truthful and sincere even though admittedly the most outrageous liar. Fiction and invention are of the very fabric of life.
It is the American vice, the democratic disease which expresses its tyranny by reducing everything unique to the level of the herd.
The man who looks for security, even in the mind, is like a man who would chop off his limbs in order to have artificial ones which will give him no pain or trouble.
The Teutons have been singing the swan song ever since they entered the ranks of history. They have always confounded truth with death.
It does me good to write a letter which is not a response to a demand, a gratuitous letter, so to speak, which has accumulated in me like the waters of a reservoir.
In the attempt to defeat death man has been inevitably obliged to defeat life, for the two are inextricably related. Life moves on to death, and to deny one is to deny the other.
Why are we so full of restraint? Why do we not give in all directions? Is it fear of losing ourselves? Until we do lose ourselves there is no hope of finding ourselves.
To live without killing is a thought which could electrify the world, if men were only capable of staying awake long enough to let the idea soak in.
Analysis brings no curative powers in its train; it merely makes us conscious of the existence of an evil, which, oddly enough, is consciousness.
When you know what men are capable of you marvel neither at their sublimity nor their baseness. There are no limits in either direction apparently.
If I am against the condition of the world, it is not because I am a moralist - it is because I want to laugh more.
