American,Author
Listen: I'm OK cute. I'm no stunner.
It's the differences in people that help you realize who you are. Even if we silently pass each other on the street.
In your 40s, you shed those who bring you down and surround yourself with the most positive people you know.
I won't go anywhere near the new Times Square. It's seizure-inducing.
In addition to public housing, South Williamsburg is home to shabby artists' lofts like mine, apartments of Hasidic Jews, and one extremely tall, high-priced condo.
Food and love are all intertwined at our core level. It can be a very nurturing, wonderful, loving thing.
I feel a bigger sense of fulfillment when writing a novel, and short stories are more about instant gratification.
People are branded as either 'fat' or 'skinny' from an early age. You sort of never shake it, even if you end up losing weight.
I don't know if I had ever found my place in the world until I fully committed to being a writer.
No matter how much money I made from writing, I'd keep the bookstore job.
Anything by Lorrie Moore speaks to a certain kind of person.
My parents are still married. They don't weigh 350 pounds; they go to the gym all the time.
I was fat because my parents were a little fat themselves at that point in their lives, and I ate what they ate.
I was fat because I lived in the Midwest in the 1970s, and everyone was a little fat then and only getting fatter.
I wrote a novel. It's called 'The Middlesteins.' It's fiction. It's not a memoir. I'm not a spokesperson.
The best thing about the Web is the sound of all the individual voices rising.
Some journal writers choose to password-protect their site, which is either an incredibly responsible act or a paranoid one.
Many online journals get the most hits of the day during the lunch hour.
I can act like a boy as much as I want, but when I wake up in the morning, I'm still a woman.
I have watched Occupy Wall Street mostly from the sidelines.
When does an object become a symbol? All I know is you cannot force it.
I am not one of those people who string their exes along. Instead, I run and hide: under the covers, behind my computer screen, on opposite coasts of the country.
It should be said upfront that I totally dig people who work in bookstores and libraries. They love books, and I love books, and that is all I really need to know. If they are friendly to me, then we are clearly soul mates.
What a character eats is a detail - like eye color or a favorite song. But food is also our lifeblood.
In 'The Odyssey,' every feast is extremely ritualized; high-status individuals even get a better cut of meat.
I think when you first start out, you're writing books that are about your immediate place.
Your family is unavoidable. You cannot escape them or trade them in for another family. You also can't change them... but you can change your response to them.
I know I have a problem with semi-colon abuse and have written page-long sentences. Nobody needs to be reading page-long sentences, at least not written by me.
My love can be easily bought with a steak from Peter Luger's.
I make up stories about people who are either imaginary or some variation of myself.
When I was growing up in Chicago, my family and I used to go to a local chain, Hackney's, for burgers and their French fried onion loaf. I probably haven't been to one in 25 years, and yet, I once saw Donald Trump from behind in an office building and the first thing that flashed in my mind was his hair looked like that onion loaf.
We've all got flesh. I've just got a little more.
No matter how many feminist tracts you read, you never forget what boys like.
I'm pretty pro-food.
I've always been an old soul.
The interesting thing about overeating or being obese is there's this physical manifestation of it.
There are generations of people who don't know how to eat properly.
I'm a really selfish person. But I would do anything for my friends.
As creative people, we should be really conscious of being of service in our work, being as generous as we can.
I didn't go to graduate school, where all the important writers seemed to be getting their start. I didn't pursue getting published in literary magazines. I didn't even send out countless pitch letters and manuscripts to agents.
In 1998, I started a blog, something I could control very easily and update at my own whim.
I always tell people this when they're looking for an agent - they should love your work. You are entitled to work with someone who believes in you. Why do business with someone who is ambivalent about you and your art?
I think it's nearly impossible to write something fictional without having it be about yourself in some way or another.
I'm not really interested in writing or reading about people who are nice and easy. I like the problem children.
It's good to pass on stories.
I have very distinct memories about growing up as part of what was then a very small Jewish community in Buffalo Grove, IL.
I did get in a few fights in school. Kids threw around anti-Semitic slurs, not knowing necessarily what they meant. It was probably just something they picked up somewhere, as kids do.
I remember being banned from other houses as a younger child during the winter holiday season; I was the only one who didn't believe in Santa Claus, and I was ruining everyone's Christmas.
Most of my writer friends are women, and they're all extremely talented, so of course I think the state of contemporary fiction for women is pretty great. Which is to say there is a ton of amazing work out there. These women are writing hard. There's much to be said. We're on it, chief.
Maybe just as many women writers as male writers could be billed as the next great American writer by their publisher. Maybe book criticism sections could review an equal amount of female and male writers. Maybe Oprah could start putting some books by women authors in her book club, since most of her audience is women.
I don't think there's any topic a writer should feel afraid of tackling just because it has already been discussed. If you feel you have a fresh perspective and an understanding of a certain emotional truth, it's always worth writing.
You write a book, and after 50 pages you think it's about one thing, and then you write another hundred and you realize it's about something else, and then by the time you're done, you can look back and say, 'Oh, this is what it's about.'
There's something to be said for an author who clearly respects a reader.
In the past, I was sometimes put in this women's lit category, and I was never really sure that was the appropriate place for me - although I certainly recognize it can be helpful and correct for other people.
I actually didn't grow up in a household that loved Chinese food particularly, and it's not really my go-to food or anything... We were more a pizza family, being from the Chicago area and all.
