British,Author
For me, the magic of Hawaii comes from the stillness, the sea, the stars.
I have an advanced degree in procrastination and another one in paranoia.
I dream a lot, in colour and in sound and scent. Quite a few of my stories have come from dreams.
I first saw the island of Noirmoutier when I was two weeks old. I think it's probably safe to say that I didn't fully appreciate it at the time; but I grew to love it as year after year I spent holidays there at my grandparents' cottage.
If you want to know what's important to a culture, learn their language.
I'm insatiably curious.
People reveal so much of their mental processes online, simply because the psychological effect of anonymity just means that a whole raft of inhibitions are left alone when people log on.
I had a great grandmother who believed in so many strange superstitions. She used to tell the future from the things that catch on to the hem of your skirt when you've been sewing, and different colored threads would mean different things... Of course, all that influenced me quite a lot as a child.
From a very young age my mother persuaded me that I could write for fun, but I had to have a proper job - very good advice.
I can write absolutely anywhere. All I need is a laptop.
It may be something to do with my having been to a girls' school, but I'm far more comfortable making male friendships than female ones. My friends tend to be men and their significant others.
We spoke French at home and I didn't know any English until I went to school. My mother was French and met my father when he visited France as a student on a teaching placement.
Of course I didn't pioneer the use of food in fiction: it has been a standard literary device since Chaucer and Rabelais, who used food wonderfully as a metaphor for sensuality.
I think everybody has a secret life.
My heroes and heroines are often unlikely people who are dragged into situations without meaning to become involved, or people with a past that has never quite left them. They are often isolated, introspective people, often confrontational or anarchic in some way, often damaged or secretly unhappy or incomplete.
One of the things that writing has taught me is that fiction has a life of its own. Fictional places are sometimes more real than the view from our bedroom window. Fictional people can sometimes become as close to us as our loved ones.
I am not at all a chocoholic. I would rather eat anchovy toast.
If you want something you can have it, but you have to do some work. It's the ethic my mother brought me up with.
The interesting thing about the Internet is that it has created a kind of alternative circle of friends for people.
A little tantrum in real life seems so much bigger online.
I think if you are an outsider then you are an outsider always.
I'm phobic about the idea of being constrained.
My parents were language teachers. They talked about teaching all the time and all their friends were teachers. It was considered a pre-ordained thing that I would go into teaching.
I tend to write about more than one generation because as a child I had contact with more than one generation; it was normal to be around older people.
Before you have children, you mostly think about the world in terms of yourself. And when you become a parent, the focus shifts to somebody else.
Anything based on ancient texts is difficult for a modern reader to get their head around.
No one should be so precious as to refuse criticism of their work. But to respect an opinion, we have to know that it was given honestly and with proper thought.
