Canadian,Author
The three chief virtues of a programmer are: Laziness, Impatience and Hubris.
I think computer science, by and large, is still stuck in the Modern age.
For me, writing is a love-hate relationship.
We all agree on the necessity of compromise. We just can't agree on when it's necessary to compromise.
Programmers can be lazy.
I talked about becoming stupid, but I've always been stupid. Fortunately I've been just smart enough to realize that I'm stupid.
We are so Post-Modern that we don't realize how Post-Modern we are anymore.
Doing linear scans over an associative array is like trying to club someone to death with a loaded Uzi.
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language.
The Harvard Law states: Under controlled conditions of light, temperature, humidity, and nutrition, the organism will do as it damn well pleases.
Hubris itself will not let you be an artist.
I am not a sort of person who wants to run a company.
I still drive my 1977 Honda Accord. The paint is almost all worn off. It's still running.
I take time to watch anime. I don't know whether I'm allowed to, but I do it anyway.
I think operating systems work best if they're free and open. Particular applications are more likely to be proprietary.
I think software patents are a bad idea. Many patents are given for trivial inventions.
I think the way IBM has embraced the open source philosophy has been quite astonishing, but gratifying. I hope they'll do very well with it.
I want people to use Perl. I want to be a positive ingredient of the world and make my American history. So, whatever it takes to give away my software and get it used, that's great.
I'm just paid to do whatever I want to do. Some of the time it's development, and some of the time it's just goofing off.
I'm never satisfied because I've been always interested in too many things and I always want to do everything at once.
If any ideology is so serious that you can't have fun while you're doing it, it's probably too serious.
If you're a large corporation, you can afford to pay the money to register patents, but if you're an individual like me, you can't.
Many days I don't write any code at all, and some days I spend all day writing code.
One of the very basic ideas of Post-Modernism is rejection of arbitrary power structures. Different people are sensitive to different kinds of power structures.
Perl was designed to work more like a natural language. It's a little more complicated but there are more shortcuts, and once you learned the language, it's more expressive.
Post-Modernism was a reaction against Modernism. It came quite early to music and literature, and a little later to architecture. And I think it's still coming to computer science.
