American,Author
Learning should be a joy and full of excitement. It is life's greatest adventure; it is an illustrated excursion into the minds of the noble and the learned.
It is human nature to instinctively rebel at obscurity or ordinariness.
The arrogance of officialdom should be tempered and controlled, and assistance to foreign hands should be curtailed, lest Rome fall.
In sleep, you are safe from the revolting mechanics of living and being a prey to outrageous fortune.
I have been constantly betrayed and deceived all my life.
I have had four happy days in my life, and three of them turned out to be illusions.
People are scared to death of dying. I am the opposite.
It is a waste of money to help those who show no desire to help themselves.
If they can't do it in California, it can't be done anywhere.
The very idea of carrying my memory into eternity devastated me, and I took refuge in atheism.
I have been the victim of heartless malice.
I often reread books I have written.
I have written two medical novels. I have never studied medicine, never seen an operation.
No woman has ever been an authentic genius of the stature of men, but that does not enrage me.
I never deviated from my grim determination to someday have all the money I needed and wanted.
Though I am a Catholic, a professing one, I have serious doubts about the survival of the human personality after death.
Obscurity can be a fire of ambition in those who have stalwart souls.
If genetic memory or racial memory persists, is it possible that individual memory also exists from previous lives?
I have always had a horror and detestation of poverty.
I converse with my dog through ESP.
Even the most malignant gods would not continue to inflict life upon humanity, time without end.
The feeble soul merely whines and complains.
I wanted to acquire an education, work extremely hard and never deviate from my goal, to make it.
I gratefully look forward to oblivion, but I must be sure of it.
The stalwart soul has the will to live and is eager for the race.
One of my grandsons used to insist, when he was only 3 or 4, that he had been born and had lived in India.
I will know him by his eyes.
Don't let the past steal your present. This is the message of Christmas: We are never alone.
