American,Author
Making better choices takes work. There is a daily give and take, but it is worth the effort.
When your boss and colleagues care enough to invest in your health, it is good for you and the business.
The real energy occurs in each connection between two people, which can bring about exponential returns.
You need a lot of effort and talent to produce greatness.
I would absolutely recommend against excessive positivity and optimism. Any positive emotion that you're infusing into a workplace needs to be grounded in reality. If it's not realistic, sincere, meaningful, and individualized, it won't do much good.
Employees who report receiving recognition and praise within the last seven days show increased productivity, get higher scores from customers, and have better safety records. They're just more engaged at work.
Friendships are among the most fundamental of human needs.
Wanting a more positive environment isn't enough. You need to do something, and it doesn't require a great deal of effort or some huge change in the way you approach things at work.
The right choices over time greatly improve your odds of a long and healthy life.
When we look at what has the strongest statistical relationship to overall evaluation of your life, the first one is your career well-being, or the mission, purpose and meaning of what you're doing when you wake up each day.
The reality is that a person who has always struggled with numbers is unlikely to be a great accountant or statistician.
Having fewer unhealthy days and, in turn, more days when you have the energy to get things done is probably the global constant through which businesses and individuals can think about the quantifiable upside of increasing wellbeing.
When top scientists and psychologists talk about what's important to our overall wellbeing and how satisfied we are with our lives, the only thing that they all agree on is that social relationships are probably the single best predictor of our overall happiness.
Don't worry about breaks every 20 minutes ruining your focus on a task. Contrary to what I might have guessed, taking regular breaks from mental tasks actually improves your creativity and productivity. Skipping breaks, on the other hand, leads to stress and fatigue.
Our relationships with people are formed by small moments - and relationships are crucial in business.
Washington is not a city that takes great pride in being a healthy place, necessarily. Now, I have no data. That's just my own observation.
I'm a researcher, so I'm realistic that there's nothing I'm doing that's going to prevent me from getting cancer in the future. But I can slow it down.
When I was in kindergarten, I entered a competition and read 52 books in a week.
On average, spending time with your boss is consistently rated as the least pleasurable activity in a given day.
When you ask people about what they enjoy doing, time spent with the boss is even worse than time spent cleaning the house. So this suggests that there are a lot of leaders out there who are not doing an adequate job.
There's a conventional wisdom that says that strategic thinking is much more important than relationship building, which doesn't seem to be nearly as highly valued as it should be, based on what some of the leaders that I've spoken with have said to me.
I first found out I had cancer on my eye and lost an eye to this disease when I was 16, and I've since had cancer in my kidneys and pancreas and a host of other areas.
'StrengthsFinder 2.0' is an effort to get the core message and language out to a much broader audience. We had no idea how well received the first strengths book would be by general readers - it was oriented more toward managers - or that the energy and excitement would continue to grow.
I always thought there were some people who were just destined to be disengaged in their jobs because that was their personality, and no matter how hard managers tried, there wasn't much they could do with some of those people.
When we asked people if they would rather have a best friend at work or a 10% pay raise, having a friend clearly won.
Clearly, there aren't enough positive moments or interactions happening in the workplace. As a result, our economy suffers, companies suffer, and individual relationships suffer.
Half an hour of exercise in the morning makes for better interactions all day. Then a sound night of sleep gives me energy to tackle the next day. I am a more active parent, a better spouse, and more engaged in my work when I eat, move, and sleep well.
No matter how healthy you are today, you can take specific actions to have more energy and live longer.
Regardless of your age, you can make better choices in the moment. Small decisions - about how you eat, move, and sleep each day - count more than you think. As I have learned from personal experience, these choices shape your life.
I act as if my life depends on each decision. Because it does.
While the things that motivate us differ greatly from one person to the next, the outcomes do not.
You can intentionally choose to spend more time with the people you enjoy most and engage your strengths as much as possible.
We don't have any measures in most cases of the health of our social relationships, of what we're giving to the community.
It's tempting to work more than 60 hours a week and sacrifice sleep, not move, and eat bad foods as they are convenient. But this comes with a cost.
Exercise is not enough. Working out three times a week is not enough. Being active throughout the day is what keeps you healthy.
When I speak with people who love their jobs and have vital friendships at work, they always talk about how their workgroup is like a family.
Team members care about one another, listen, share secrets, talk about the latest news, have heated arguments, are sometimes jealous of each other, and even cry together.
Figure out what you really love doing and use your strengths on a daily basis.
People who say they have a best friend at work are seven times as likely to be engaged in what they're doing. And if they don't have a best friend at work, the odds of being engaged are just 1 in 12.
People with high levels of wellbeing have been careful to work out early in the morning and not to have heavy meals throughout the day because you kind of fall off a cliff in terms of your energy by 2 or 3:00 if you have a lunch with a lot of heavy foods.
There is certainly some predisposition to wellbeing, based on the research I've looked at. There are people who have a lot more natural discipline. But for most of us, it takes a lot more in terms of social expectations, where, say, we tell people we're going to run a 5K.
Even though people spend more of their waking hours at work than anywhere else, people underestimate how work influences their overall wellbeing and daily experience.
When you ask people what affects their wellbeing most, they think of health and wealth.
You would think that when someone accepts a position with a company, they would assume that their life will be better off because they have that job rather than a different one.
Most people perceive their occupation as being a detriment to their overall wellbeing.
