American,Author
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you.
Success comes from taking the initiative and following up... persisting... eloquently expressing the depth of your love. What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?
Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy. Human beings have the awesome ability to take any experience of their lives and create a meaning that disempowers them or one that can literally save their lives.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them.
Whatever happens, take responsibility.
In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.
There is no such thing as failure. There are only results.
A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.
You see, it's never the environment; it's never the events of our lives, but the meaning we attach to the events - how we interpret them - that shapes who we are today and who we'll become tomorrow.
Live with passion!
I challenge you to make your life a masterpiece. I challenge you to join the ranks of those people who live what they teach, who walk their talk.
Once you have mastered time, you will understand how true it is that most people overestimate what they can accomplish in a year - and underestimate what they can achieve in a decade!
The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors.
In life you need either inspiration or desperation.
There's always a way - if you're committed.
It not knowing what to do, it's doing what you know.
