American,Author
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
If people like you, they'll listen to you, but if they trust you, they'll do business with you.
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.
With integrity, you have nothing to fear, since you have nothing to hide. With integrity, you will do the right thing, so you will have no guilt.
Try to look at your weakness and convert it into your strength. That's success.
Positive thinking will let you use the ability which you have, and that is awesome.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.
When you catch a glimpse of your potential, that's when passion is born.
Take time to be kind and to say 'thank you.'
Gratitude is the healthiest of all human emotions. The more you express gratitude for what you have, the more likely you will have even more to express gratitude for.
Be grateful for what you have and stop complaining - it bores everybody else, does you no good, and doesn't solve any problems.
You were designed for accomplishment, engineered for success, and endowed with the seeds of greatness.
Honesty and integrity are by far the most important assets of an entrepreneur.
Many people spend more time in planning the wedding than they do in planning the marriage.
The first step in solving a problem is to recognize that it does exist.
Outstanding people have one thing in common: An absolute sense of mission.
It is true that integrity alone won't make you a leader, but without integrity you will never be one.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
If you don't see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner.
Honesty and integrity are absolutely essential for success in life - all areas of life. The really good news is that anyone can develop both honesty and integrity.
When you encourage others, you in the process are encouraged because you're making a commitment and difference in that person's life. Encouragement really does make a difference.
Yesterday ended last night. Today is a brand-new day.
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure.
People don't buy for logical reasons. They buy for emotional reasons.
Profitability comes from loyalty, productivity, and having a character base from which to work.
To be candid, some people have given positive thinking a bad name. I can't stand to hear some gung-ho individual say that with positive thinking you can just do 'anything.' If you think about that one for a moment, you recognize the absurdity of it.
Time can be an ally or an enemy. What it becomes depends entirely upon you, your goals, and your determination to use every available minute.
Every sale has five basic obstacles: no need, no money, no hurry, no desire, no trust.
If God would have wanted us to live in a permissive society He would have given us Ten Suggestions and not Ten Commandments.
The right quote can inspire people to change their ways.
As youngsters, my mother taught her children that while we might not be the smartest people around, we could be courteous, polite and considerate of others.
I read for the 'ah-ha's,' the information that makes a light bulb go off in my mind. I want to put information in my mind that is going to be the most beneficial to me, my family and my fellow man - financially, morally, spiritually, and emotionally.
A goal properly set is halfway reached.
You are who you are and what you are because of what has gone into your mind. You can change who you are and what you are by changing what goes into your mind.
Timid salesmen have skinny kids.
Earl Nightingale has inspired more people toward success and fortune than any other motivational speaker on the planet.
If you go looking for a friend, you're going to find they're very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere.
When you give directives to a child, especially a teenager, you must consider the nature of your child.
You can make positive deposits in your own economy every day by reading and listening to powerful, positive, life-changing content and by associating with encouraging and hope-building people.
If you want to reach a goal, you must 'see the reaching' in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal.
I seldom read anything that is not of a factual nature because I want to invest my time wisely in the things that will improve my life. Don't misunderstand; there is nothing wrong with reading purely for the joy of it. Novels have their place, but biographies of famous men and women contain information that can change lives.
It's absolutely true that unless you can instill discipline upon yourself, you will never be able to lead others.
Problem-solving becomes a very important part of our makeup as we grow into maturity or move up the corporate ladder.
We hear tears loudly on this side of Heaven. What we don't take time to contemplate are the even louder cheers on the other side of death's valley.
You cannot perform in a manner inconsistent with the way you see yourself.
Fortunately, problems are an everyday part of our life. Consider this: If there were no problems, most of us would be unemployed.
I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of your life. You can't truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles.
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want.
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
Money is not the most important thing, but when you need it, there are few substitutes. So while I like the things money can buy, I love what money won't buy. It bought me a house but it won't buy me a home. It would buy me a companion but it won't buy me a friend.
Statistics suggest that when customers complain, business owners and managers ought to get excited about it. The complaining customer represents a huge opportunity for more business.
People who have good relationships at home are more effective in the marketplace.
Be careful not to compromise what you want most for what you want now.
You've got to be before you can do and do before you can have.
I once dieted so religiously I quit eating in church.
Now's the best time you'll ever have in life to get ahead!
Success is dependent upon the glands - sweat glands.
It's not what you've got, it's what you use that makes a difference.
I'm a constant learner. You need to be a constant student because things change and you have to change and grow. And I emphasize the word 'grow.'
Do more than you are being paid to do, and you'll eventually be paid more for what you do.
In the game of life, before you get anything out, you must put something in!
I have always said that everyone is in sales. Maybe you don't hold the title of salesperson, but if the business you are in requires you to deal with people, you, my friend, are in sales.
U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt has been described as founder of the Bull Moose Party, the man who led his troops up San Juan Hill in the Spanish-American War, a big game hunter, family man, civic servant and a host of other things.
The one thing coaches cannot tolerate... is the individual who grows arrogant because he excelled at a lower level and believes he has nothing else to learn.
A productive employee who is kept busy working at his or her job is far more likely to be happy at that job and less likely to look for employment elsewhere.
You cannot tailor-make the situations in life but you can tailor-make the attitudes to fit those situations.
When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.
I'm so optimistic, I'd go after Moby Dick in a rowboat and take the tartar sauce with me.
Many people who want to be great aren't willing to do the work to make it possible!
The problem with pity parties is very few people come, and those who do don't bring presents.
If you want to earn more, learn more.
It will be disastrous when a leader or manager shows up with one attitude one day and treats people with a different attitude the next day.
Athletic skills are acquired over a long period of time and after countless hours of practice.
Wally Amos is the classic example of a man who gets up again and again.
Fact: If standard of living is your number one objective, quality of life almost never improves. But if quality of life is your number one objective, standard of living invariably improves.
The person who dumps garbage into your mind will do you considerably more harm than the person who dumps garbage on your floor, because each load of mind garbage negatively impacts your possibilities and lowers your expectations.
All one needs to do is read - books, magazines, research the Internet - and pay attention to the influencers in their lives to discover the myriad people of strong moral character who have and still are making positive, meaningful contributions and differences in our world.
You do not pay the price of success, you enjoy the price of success.
The problem is not getting rid of fear, but using it properly.
Since belief determines behavior, doesn't it make sense that we should be teaching ethical, moral values in every home and in every school in America?
I read the paper every day and the Bible every day; that way I know what both sides are up to.
Goals enable you to do more for yourself and others, too.
New research shows that you will be dead longer than you will be alive.
True success has more components than one sentence or idea can contain.
If you're going to have to swallow a frog, you don't want to have to look at that sucker too long!
Personal discipline, when it becomes a way of life in our personal, family, and career lives, will enable us to do some incredible things.
When you are truly interested in other people, you will learn what they are interested in and if they have a need for your product. If they like you, and most people like folks who take an interest in them, they'll help you find people who do need what you have to sell, even if they don't.
Research indicates that employees have three prime needs: Interesting work, recognition for doing a good job, and being let in on things that are going on in the company.
A lot of people quit looking for work as soon as they find a job.
Champions invariably have fervent philosophical beliefs. Philosophy, in its simplest terms, means 'the love of wisdom.'
Dreams grow if you grow.
You don't drown by falling into water. You only drown if you stay there.
Reading has been the fuel of my motivation: it has changed the direction in which I have traveled, and it has enhanced my creative imagination more than any other activity I have ever pursued.
If you treat your wife like a thoroughbred, you'll never end up with a nag.
If my life has had a theme, I suppose it has been a typical American theme in that, for most of it, I have been looking for happiness and success.
Andy Andrews is the best speaker I have ever seen.
He climbs highest who helps another up.
Some people do really find fault like there's a reward for it.
Be there for your kids. Later, when you need them, they'll be there for you.
When there is no job related stress, you are more aware of your mate and children, if you are a parent.
The successful business executive can handle challenges and solve problems at a remarkable clip.
I was in that part of the class that made the top half possible.
Courage is on display every day, and only the courageous wring the most out of life.
I believe it's important that we use names of endearment that reflect a special feeling for the individual involved.
At 25, I was in the audience of my first professional speaker, Bob Bales. His presentation got my attention. I had never seen anyone having so much fun 'at work' and getting paid for it!
Authors by the hundreds can tell you stories by the thousands of those rejection slips before they found a publisher who was willing to 'gamble' on an unknown.
For 24 years of my adult life, by choice I weighed well over 200 pounds. I say 'by choice' because I have never 'accidentally' eaten anything, so when I choose to eat too much, I have chosen to weigh too much.
We need to understand the difference between discipline and punishment. Punishment is what you do to someone; discipline is what you do for someone.
Many marriages would be better if the husband and the wife clearly understood that they are on the same side.
When you make a promise, keep it.
I'm constantly amazed that owners and managers of all businesses don't train their people to call the person who pays by credit card by name. It definitely makes the customer feel good and will be a factor in bringing them back to your place of business.
The relationships we have with people are extremely important to success on and off the job.
I am convinced after more than 50 years in the field of motivation that anyone who wants to learn to look at life and/or their circumstances in a positive light can do so.
Every obnoxious act is a cry for help.
Money won't make you happy... but everybody wants to find out for themselves.
Building a better you is the first step to building a better America.
Little men with little minds and little imaginations go through life in little ruts, smugly resisting all changes which would jar their little worlds.
When I became proficient as a salesman I was invited to teach new hires.
I've always taught that a poor economy is the best opportunity for salespeople because the naysayers and grumblers have already given up, leaving more territory, more opportunities to be successful than in a good economy when virtually all salespeople are out there, giving it their best.
Husbands and wives, have fun with each other. I'm convinced it makes all the difference in the world.
I took up an offer for me to lose 30 pounds in 30 days. It worked. I lost 30 days!
Only men of character are trusted.
Success must never be measured by how much money you have.
The six people who had the biggest impact on my life were all women. Had I been sexist, my life would have been far less fulfilling.
My favorite writers are all Jews - David, Solomon, Matthew, Mark - well, you get the picture.
We all prospect, and don't even know we're doing it. When you start the dating process, you are actually prospecting for the person you want to marry. When you're interviewing employees, you are prospecting for someone who will best fit your needs.
If your watch is slow by just four minutes, that's not much - unless you've been warned that if you're even one minute late ever again you will be fired. Then four minutes make a big difference.
I'm convinced that what kids need today are parents - not buddies. They need someone who will exercise mature judgment.
Kids instinctively know - although they will argue to the contrary - that they really are not mature enough to make good decisions on some important issues.
Husbands and wives, first be faithful to each other. Second, keep the romance going all of your life by courting each other every day.
Whether it's eight o'clock in the morning or eight o'clock at night, I always try to greet others before they have a chance to speak to me.
The young athlete who aspires to greatness, generally speaking, learns a number of things from several different coaches. The first one taught him the fundamentals; the second one instilled discipline in him and taught him more of the techniques that must be mastered to excel.
There is a certain amount of dissatisfaction that goes with knowing your time, talent and abilities are not being properly used.
There's never been a doctor who served many patients who, despite their best efforts, did not lose some of them to death. But they understood that was part of life itself.
My first professional job was to sell heavy-duty waterless cookware.
Yes, it's absolutely true that anything worth doing is worth doing poorly - until you can learn to do it well.
Most people consider me an optimist because I laughingly state that I would take my last two dollars and buy a money belt.
I've got to confess I'm a pragmatic optimist myself.
It might interest you to know that the 1828 Noah Webster Dictionary identifies the optimist in complimentary terms, but says nothing about the pessimist. The word 'pessimist' was not in our vocabulary at that time. It's a modern 'invention' which I believe we should 'dis-invent.'
A plan is always successful if the plan is good.
