Brazilian,Model
Don't try to be what you're not. If you're nervous, be nervous. If you're shy, be shy. It's cute.
Be sure what you want and be sure about yourself. Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
Lingerie is one of the most important pieces of your wardrobe. You can have a wardrobe malfunction if you don't choose the right thing to wear underneath!
Here in the big city people spend their time thinking about work and about money; they don't give some value to friendships and it can be depressing.
I'm a teenager, but I'm independent - I have my own apartment, I have my own life. And I think I have learned more than any of those teenagers have in school. I learned to be responsible, leaving my family and coming here alone.
I missed out on everything. Sometimes on the street I see teenagers hanging out and going to the movies, going to concerts, and I get so jealous.
Fashion is about good energy. It's about feelings. That's what I have to give the people, good energy and good feelings.
Actually, I never really thought I would be a model. I never knew a lot about fashion and magazines, and I never paid attention to it. I was a young girl, though.
Modeling is a tough job, your co-workers are your rivals, it really puts a damper on your perspective of other girls.
I was so embarrassed about mispronouncing words. I just knew how to smile.
I want to be a child doctor. A pediatry... how do you call it, pediatrician? Do I like kids? No, not really.
I'm very simple when it comes to gifts, so the best ones that I've received have love as their main intention. I appreciate everything.
Coconut water is just the best for you; it's always something we had in Brazil. Since I was a little girl, I've been drinking it.
You don't have to have an attitude if you're famous.
If one day I have a daughter and my daughter wants to be a model, I would never let her!
I care about heart.
It's wrong for a guy to have no personality, no heart. Because I don't care about style or money.
I like jealous men. I love jealousy. I do.
I love my job and I love my children. It's really about figuring out your schedules and getting everything down that you need to do and sticking to your plan.
I love Victoria's Secret and the brand, and I'm passionate about Victoria's Secret commercials, too.
I believe love just happens once. You can be mistaken, you can think you are in love, but after a while you discover that you're really not. Real love is different.
A man needs to be polite, not just to me but to everyone. I watch that. How does he treat the waiter? How does he treat the coat-check girl? How does he treat the driver?
I love old-fashioned manners, as long as it's not forced. I can tell when it's natural or when someone is just trying to impress me.
I just think they're really insecure about themselves sometimes. I know all the girls, but we all work a lot and don't have time to hang out together. They're all really nice; I've never had a problem with any model.
When I get older, I don't think I'll like to have wrinkles, or a big jelly belly. I cannot have it.
I was in a fashion show and I had on a strapless top. When I got to the end the top was down.
