English,Model
I'd love to have tea and scones with the Queen; she's my idol.
Modelling is only about the look. In acting, it's the feel that matters.
The fact is I'm choosy, but mainly about a man's character. He has to be interesting, funny and clever. I don't even mind if he's not very good-looking.
I don't think a name defines the core of who you are.
It is so inspiring when you come across a woman who is very strong and dedicated and is amazing at what they do. That's how I feel about Meryl Streep. You watch her, and you can't help but notice all of that about her. She's so influential.
I've never had formal drama-school training; I've just picked things up as I've gone along.
I never knew modelling was what I wanted to do. I was just meandering through life having fun, having a laugh with my friends.
I don't really see myself as a big supermodel.
For modelling, you have to be such a strong person in a way - or seen to be a strong person, do you know what I mean? But in acting you have to get in touch with all the vulnerability that you carry.
When you're young, you say it how it is, and even your views are, like, 'This is totally the truth', 'cos you don't know any difference, so there's a real confidence in your way of thinking.
Well, I suppose I've never really had a lifestyle that needs upkeep. I don't get cabs; I'm on the Tube with my Oyster card.
I'd like a relationship that was like two tree trunks side by side, strong but independent.
I don't expect that because I was successful in one field that I will then get a ride of passage into another.
Not just in modeling, but in society, there's so much pressure about what a woman should be, and, of course, it's just so unobtainable. You can never become that thing, because it's such a projection.
I've always been really private about my personal life. I don't talk about it.
I think modelling was like the university of life, really. You get to travel but you get thrown into this adult world, which is kind of quite scary.
I've always got on with lads, more than I have with girls.
I don't have that many friends.
I'm not the new anything; I'm just Agyness.
I dress like a tomboy.
I want to play positive role models - women who mean something to other women.
I love 'Breathless,' and 'Paris, Texas,' and 'Badlands.' I was obsessed with those films in my teens. I remember watching 'Badlands' and being amazed that there were these scenes in which nobody said anything and the silence told the whole story.
My mum used to always dress me and my sister in matching Laura Ashley dresses. And I'd be like, 'Mum, I just wanna wear my Doc Martens!'
A lot of stuff written about me is rubbish. I don't know where they get it from, sometimes.
I don't really go to fashion parties; they're not my scene.
I know I'm no Whitney Houston.
