Model
The beach is definitely where I feel most at home. It's my oxygen. I forget how much I need it sometimes when I'm away working.
I think every girl has a little bit of rebellion inside. It's always fun to not follow every trend and not be the perfect good girl. It's edgy to be a little rebellious.
Like my makeup, I keep my hair simple. It's either down or in a ponytail.
I'll paddle board, swim in the ocean, roll in the sand, soak up the sun, eat good food, be with friends and family and go fishing with my dad.
I think the T-Shirt bra is really special for Victoria's Secret because it's that kind of simple bra that you wear under the t-shirt, so it doesn't have any lace or anything like that. So it's very smooth; it's very comfortable; it doesn't have a lot of padding in it.
Kickboxing tightens you up.
I love Marilyn Monroe, Jimi Hendrix, and Kurt Cobain. I really do. It doesn't matter what style they had - whether it was pin-up or whatever - it just worked for them, and it looked effortless even though it was fabulous. I like anything that just looks effortless.
For me, it's hard to wear a bra the whole entire day if it's got underwire.
I have so many bras. I have so many, and then they get lost, and I look for a simple nude one to wear, and I can't find one because there's, like, lace and crazy colors that I never wear.
When you pump up your exercise, it makes you feel better and makes you look better, so you do a better job. It's mental, too.
I have no expectations. Not in a bad way, but I've learned that you can't plan ahead. I live day by day and see what happens.
I usually treat myself to a monthly facial, but I also love masks.
I typically don't wear nail polish, as I like a natural look.
If I'm in N.Y.C., I love walking around during the summer. It's hot, but I love it. I enjoy seeing everyone out. New York is such a fun place. The energy is so amazing here during the summer.
I like to start the day with yoga. It's the best way of moving into the day.
I try to do Pilates when I can all year around and I also like to swim a lot. I also have a trainer that kicks my butt when it's needed.
I eat healthy and stay active and drink plenty of water.
I love dark chocolate - I could eat it 'til I puke.
I also love a good cheesy movie, and I'm kind of addicted to my computer.
I am a woman after all, so some days I feel good and sexy in a bikini, and other days, I'm like, 'Where are my caftans?!'
Pilates makes you feel good because you're doing something that's good for your body, and you start seeing it. It elongates the muscles.
Trying to always stay healthy and exercise is the best thing.
I'm an advocate for if you take something, you have to give something back, and I think Raw Spirit shares that philosophy. I love that it gives back to the communities they partner with. It's just truly a pure of hearted company.
First date, it's always fun to go somewhere or do something, like go see a band... not make it too formal.
Honestly, I don't shop in L.A. very much - it's mostly in New York or when I'm away on trips.
I really like the Chloe Sevigny for Opening Ceremony collection - all of those kind of laser-cut leather dresses.
