American,Model
Modelling is an incredible platform.
You can be anything. You could be the President of the United States or the inventor of the next Internet or a ninja cardio-thoracic surgeon poet, which would be awesome because you would be the first one.
Mass media wants bright lights. Mass media wants crazy clothes.
A ton of little girls I talk to, they want to be actresses or singers or models.
Like many young people, I believe I have potential to make a positive impact in the world.
I usually decide what to wear in the morning, but sometimes, I'll have a favorite coat or sweater or shoes, and I'll wear them everyday for a week!
Women are often worried about how they look, and that's not superficial. We know that our appearance has nothing to do with how smart, creative, or hardworking we are, but it plays powerfully into what society decides we are worth.
Statistics show that diversity in the media is pretty dismal. Critical voices from women and people of color are missing from many important conversations.
Lately I've been feeling like 50 percent of the great content I read comes from Twitter conversations.
In the history of the world, all five mass extinctions have been accompanied by massive climate change, so we are facing an incredibly serious threat. In fact, we are technically in the sixth mass extinction right now, and it is the first mass extinction being attributed to humans.
Usually, TED only invites the most accomplished and famous people in the world to give talks.
I work hard, but my modeling career gives my views undeserved attention.
Saying you want to be a model when you grow up is akin to saying you want to win the Powerball when you grow up. It's awesome, and it's out of your control, and it's not a career path.
My style is definitely not ladylike - frills and bows kinda scare me - but I like the military look because I love that olive green khaki color.
Having a couple really great basics makes it easy to dress well every day.
I think it's cooler when girls have favorite pieces of clothing rather than an entirely new wardrobe every few months.
The real way I became a model is I won a genetic lottery, and I became the recipient of a legacy.
If you are ever wondering, 'If I have thinner thighs and shinier hair will I be happier?' you just need to meet a group of models because they have the thinnest thighs and the shiniest hair and the coolest clothes and they're the most physically insecure women on the planet.
For the past few centuries, we have defined beauty as tall, slender figures, femininity and white skin.
I have no idea what advantages I truly get, but I know people talk to me and give me time of day because they like how I look.
Becoming a model was very counter-culture for my background, which is hyper-liberal, academic and feminist.
My mum never told me that I was beautiful when I was a kid - and I didn't read magazines or watch MTV, so I had no real consciousness about it all.
Even if I did give a good talk, is what I have to say more important and interesting than what Colin Powell said?
Hard work is not why I have been successful as a model.
In 2007, a very inspired New York University Ph.D. student counted all the models on the runway, every single one that was hired, and of the 677 models that were hired, only 27, or less than four per cent, were non-white.
I do have too many eight-inch heels which I never get to wear.
I do get free stuff.
One of the biggest issues for me is campaign finance reform.
Fashion is capitalism, and it will be fixed by what the market demands.
If I ever had needed to put together a CV, it would be quite short. Like many young people, I'd highlight my desire to work hard.
The rise of the Internet and the camera phone have started to change what stories are accessible.
