Brazilian,Model
I'm definitely a vintage collector. I have a wardrobe of core basics that I like to spice up with different colors, new accessories, and I love to try on new things to invite something different. I find, with every new stage of my life, my self-image shifts with new duties and responsibilities, and so does my fashion style.
A lot of people, sometimes they're so stuck on, 'I gotta get married, I gotta get married.' They forget that the really important thing is to have a healthy home, a healthy family, a healthy environment for your kids and to have everything going in a good, peaceful way.
We're like a travelling circus... We're always on the go.
Because my hair is curly, I used to do all the straighteners, the Japanese this and the Brazilian that. And at the end of the day, your hair ends up not having a texture, not having the body - no shine. You're pretty much frying your hair. So understand the type of hair you have and do the best with what you have.
One of my favorite memories from growing up in Brazil is being in the kitchen with my family and watching everyone bake and cook.
It's a balance. But you have to have your cheat day; you have to take your time to have the pleasure. Otherwise, what's the point?
Growing up eating fruits and vegetables fresh from our farm added a lot to the way I taste and look at food today, and I wanted the same for my kids and other kids.
My kids love going to school. When my son started going to kindergarten, we asked him, 'How was it?' and his only complaint was that he didn't get to stay in there longer.
I love ice cream, and I love chocolate.
I love wearing my hair curly, but turning the curling iron all the way up creates curls that look really made up and artificial.
I respect marriage, and I think it's beautiful that people do it. But for me, more important than anything is having a peaceful life and a peaceful home.
In my 20s, I wanted to be hot; now I want to be healthy.
I think the only time that I worry about looking good is on the red carpet.
I never understood when people go, 'Oh my gosh, it's so easy being pregnant.' No, it's hard. It's the most beautiful thing, yes, but it's hard.
I have a hard time finding high boots that go up to your knee, because of the shape of my calves.
Before a shoot, I'll watch what I eat. During the shoot, I watch what I eat. Afterwards, the first thing I do is go have a steak and French fries.
I was never the girl that grew up saying I want to get married. I actually told my parents to not expect me to get married.
Embrace yourself and do what you can to look and feel your best. Don't put on so many fashion trends that create a ridiculous style statement. Pick and choose what feels good, and flatters your own body.
Women inspire me. Women in the airports, around the country in different cities, destinations around the world, inspire me with the way they express their individuality. I love watching women and discovering all the ways each person uses a color, pattern, a style, even a lipstick color. I'm a people watcher.
My waist used to be tiny. I just saw a picture of Miley Cyrus with a little crop top and low pants, and I'm like, 'That was me growing up in Brazil!' I had the typical model body, but after babies, it changed. I look more like a woman.
Somebody showed me a picture of some event I went to back in the day, and I was really going heavy on the turquoise jewelry, and it was not good. I was like, 'OK, I guess that was a phase that needed to happen.'
When I was a kid, I wanted a Chanel bob and bangs. My mom said no. I went to the salon anyway, and they said, 'No way - we are not going to do that to your hair.' So I did it myself. Big mistake. Instead of my bangs going down straight, they were sticking up like a cat. It was horrible.
It wasn't such a pleasant experience. We went through 14 hours with contractions every two minutes, no epidural, no nothing. Every two minutes, I would pass out. I went to the hospital on Saturday, and Levi was born on Monday.
We tried every single way of giving birth. It didn't work. I wasn't too crazy about having to do a C-section and take all the drugs. Finally, I just had to be like, 'Let it go.'
Most of my family doesn't speak English. It's so important for the baby. He's going to know all his American roots, but he also needs to know about his Brazilian side.
It was a really big deal to become an American citizen the right way. You have to work really hard, and it is such an honor to be able to say that.
I like a little bit of a rough look because it's sexy. But when a man has a rough look, and he goes and gets a cleanup, then it's very sexy as well.
English is not my first language.
We're just like a regular family.
I just throw on foundation and under-eye concealer, then dust bronzer on my cheeks so they look defined.
I'm still learning how to do things - like lining my eyes? Forget it.
The main thing for me is to make sure our home is peaceful, that it's healthy, that the kids are good.
I love wearing dresses that hug the body, but then, at the Oscars, I had a big dress, and I really loved that. It's a style I never thought I would wear, but I saw the dress, and I was like, 'Oh my God, that's it!'
A lot of times, you think you want something, and then you find something completely different.
I was never the girl who tore pictures out of wedding magazines.
Being engaged is absolutely a time to cherish!
I enjoy celebrating Valentine's Day. It's a nice way to say you're thinking about your family, someone special, or dear friends.
When I lived in Greece and off the coast of Italy, I enjoyed a branzino dish so much that I created my own version.
I like to keep Valentine's dinner light so you don't crash after and can keep the fun going through the night!
We are all so busy and constantly trying to save time and balance everything.
I am very proud to say that America is my home! I have so much respect for this country and the people in it. I'm so grateful that you guys have taken me in with care and respect.
The Fourth of July should be celebrated with big hearts.
Easter is one of my favorite holidays with the kids. They get to run loose, and we always have our family and loved ones all around us!
I loved seeing my mom put her own twist on years-old family recipes and also create new dishes. This made me develop a passion for cooking at a young age and would eventually inspire me to prepare meals and host wonderful family dinners.
I love having my daughter in the kitchen with me as I prepare meals. We talk about anything and everything!
This shared love of cooking and celebration has allowed me to create a strong bond with my family.
As a mom of three young kids, it's difficult to reserve a big chunk of time for shopping, so I try to get my gifts little by little throughout the year. I think this is especially helpful for those of us who are budget conscious.
