American,Model
But life inevitably throws us curve balls, unexpected circumstances that remind us to expect the unexpected. I've come to understand these curve balls are the beautiful unfolding of both karma and current.
Exposing any subject that is unpleasant or controversial means risking judgment and making some people feel uncomfortable.
We come in many different shapes and sizes, and we need to support each other and our differences. Our beauty is in our differences.
Motherhood has brought me many joys and insights, but the new perspective it granted me on the role I had inadvertently played in young women's lives for the 2 decades I spent in the modeling industry was downright sobering.
When I consider the deeper meaning of yoga, I realize it's about a lot more than simply performing a variety of postures on a mat.
I believe that as women, we must commit ourselves to sustaining the progress made by our foremothers who fought so hard for women's equality and liberation.
I grew up on antibiotics. Every ailment - sore throats, earaches, flus - warranted a trip to the doctor and in most cases some kind of prescription.
Just because you're a different size doesn't mean you're sitting on the couch eating bonbons all day long watching TV.
I've found that balance is key. I'm no longer an extremist in any one direction.
My own path towards wellness has been a long and dynamic one. It's taught me that healing from the inside out takes time and there can be great value in various sources of guidance.
I am not naturally that thin, so I had to go through everything from using drugs to diet pills to laxatives to fasting. Those were my main ways of controlling my weight.
I'm proud that today, at 43 years old, I've come to value the aging process and focus on inner rather than outer beauty.
Just as young people absorb all kinds of messages from the media, young girls learn what it means to be a woman by watching the older women in their lives.
My doctor felt that the main contributing factor was so many years of malnutrition, especially during my formative years, even before I got into modeling.
Many women who have anorexia put their hearts in a compromised situation.
I did some great work with my Calvin Klein ads on the motorcycle. It was really groundbreaking because people hadn't seen a woman actually riding a motorcycle before.
It not unusual for women with anorexia to suffer heart attacks.
I had my first seizure, and I had to go in for heart surgery.
The pressure was if I didn't get into that dress size someone else would - someone else would get the job.
I had dropped out of school and was a runaway, so I didn't have family to fall back on if I didn't work. I didn't have a lot of other options of making money other than modeling.
Anorexia was there for me before I got into modeling, but because of the arena and the demands, the disease really got out of control for me. It's like being an alcoholic and going and being a bartender.
Part of treatment for drugs and alcohol is you abstain from these, but with eating disorders you can't abstain from food so the treatment is longer than drugs and alcohol.
You have to find a balance with food in your life - you can't take out food. It can be absolutely terrifying.
I feel like it's my responsibility to honestly cover a lot of subjects in part because I have two little girls and I really want them when they grow up to have a voice.
My weight fluctuated when I was 30, and I did the unthinkable - I stepped out as a plus-sized model.
I think that we can't deny the public's want for balancing out the images that are out there depicting women. Not all of us are 17 and a size two.
