American,Model
Making food is a wonderful way to spend a Friday night.
I love taking the salads I get from those crazy organic delivery places and putting them on a plate and then roasting my own lamb to put on top. I balance it well. And listen, if I'm not eating Waffle House and Taco Bell and Jack in the Box, anything will make me lose weight.
That's one thing I get neurotic about: I need my soup to be crazy hot.
If I'm going to eat fast food, I'm going to McDonald's. I don't need to pretend.
I really do love social media. I've always been crazy about - even like, remember AOL chat rooms? I always loved message boards, and I was always interacting on the computer.
I have to have breakfast, and breakfast has to be eggs!
I like serving family-style or setting up a buffet. Everyone just goes to town, scoops their own food, and mixes their own drinks. You know how people love to come and watch you in the kitchen now and talk your ear off? If you give them something to do and something to drink, they don't do that as much.
I tend to treat everyone like equals. That is my downfall, though, because Oprah is Oprah, and Barack is Barack, and you've gotta come in with a certain level of respect and admiration and love while still having that respect. Look at them - these people are, at this point, royalty. I think I get a little too chummy.
My day job may be exhausting, but cooking is my peace. My dream is to have a big family with lots of grandkids. And we'll get together every Sunday for a hearty dinner at our house, and we'll all live in flavorful bliss, happily ever after.
I am huge on bold, strong flavors, and I think every aspect of a dish should be thoughtful, whether it's the chicken on top of a Cobb salad or the topping on a savory casserole.
I know how I like my food. I like it spicy, salty, sticky, crunchy, juicy, oozy - basically any dish you know and love, jacked up to a bordering-on-socially-unacceptable amount of flavor.
I am paid a good amount of money to not blink for 12 hours. It's fun, but I don't take it very seriously.
I get nervous cooking for our little house party barbecues. I'm very insecure with my cooking. I tend to throw things away that I'm scared of serving, even though they might be great.
I love dress shopping, and I love talking about the wedding food. That's what makes me happy. If you tell me to do a guest list, I cry. I hate it.
There was once this viral photo of the Pope doing his Pope-mobile parade, and everyone had their phones up. But there was this one old woman looking over the fence so beautifully at him. She was totally in the moment. For me, then, I think there shouldn't be any phones at a Pope-mobile situation - or at a Beyonce concert.
There is something very beautiful about being pregnant. I think I enjoy being pregnant more than not being pregnant. I know it could go either way, and the next pregnancy could be the complete opposite.
I've always enjoyed things a little more chaotic than most people would prefer. I feel that I run well in chaos.
My shoots are very much about skin, so I'm an exfoliating and moisturizing nut. I fly so much, so I take my makeup off as soon as I get on the airplane. I look at my watch every half hour and moisturize.
I always get to eat what I want because if I don't, I go insane.
Men are very tough, very critical of me. I think they expect you to basically just be a picture. They don't want to hear you speak.
Women, I love. It's amazing to me, because I am a swimsuit model; I'm half-naked. I just love the fact that women love me, and it makes me love them so much back.
I'm not good at taking pictures. I can't give a good face. I crack up.
I think, like, Twitter is somewhat difficult sometimes, and it can be kind of negative.
I always get so excited when I get to go to my friends at corporate offices. I am always, like, looking around. I think that's really exciting to be a part of an actual corporate office.
I would not like to try any high stress job. Honestly, I wouldn't like something like a PR job. I can't diffuse situations.
Some people, I think, think that because I don't take it as seriously as a lot of the girls do, that I frown upon modeling or think it's stupid. I don't at all. This is my life. I would be nothing without this. But I really don't take it seriously.
If you put pesto in a squeeze bottle or just at the end of a spoon and drizzle it, it looks so much better. It's the little things. Plating is actually easy once you learn the little tips.
Men and Pilates - it's like the hardest thing on the planet to them! They're not used to getting those muscles. Core and butt and stuff - they're so confused.
I've always been kind of uncomfortable just on the beach in a swimsuit. I'm never my most confident in a bikini on the beach, especially when you know people are looking at you, and they expect one thing because of what they see in the magazines, and you might not look that way. It's always been a scary thing for me.
I always wanted to be a teacher or wanted to do something with food. But modeling, I just never thought I could do it myself, really, ever. I still have trouble calling myself a model. I just never thought I was tall enough or skinny enough.
Models eat. They're crazy about moderation, but they eat.
People think I'm consuming all the time, based on my Instagram feed, but I know how to eat and how to pair. I might post the heaviest osso bucco of all time, but I'm not showing the carrots I'm having on the side rather than having a whole other big dish of something.
I love portobello mushrooms. I often say that if I were vegetarian, I would live off of these. Now, it would never happen, but it's still nice to know that they exist. So meaty, so flavorful.
My mom is Asian and loves all of the throwaway parts of the animal, so she actually thanks me for saving her the neck and other parts.
One year, we tried to deep-fry a turkey. It must have been really humid outside, because the temperature of the oil got thrown off. It ended up being slow-cooked in oil - black on the outside and raw on the inside.
It's kind of crazy what I can do and what I can't do. It's simple things like rice and quinoa or salads, honestly, that I'm not great at. But I can make an osso buco that takes six hours.
I can't sleep without the TV on, so we leave it on during the night, and that's what wakes me up - Joe Scarborough and 'Morning Joe' at 7:30 or 8.
We eat the same breakfast every day. We are like robots. I always do two eggs over easy with turkey bacon - we enjoy the taste of it more than pork - and avocado. I carve it all up into a bowl so it's like a slop, and I load it with salt and pepper and Cholula.
If I want mashed potatoes, I make cauliflower mashed potatoes, which taste exactly the same. I basically just take all of my cravings and make them low carb.
I love Thai boat noodles: They are kind of like pho, but with a very hearty broth. I will make the broth and just do no noodles and more bean sprouts. I need to be able to eat what I want to eat, so I just get rid of as many carbs as possible that go into it.
I am not one to adhere to silly clothing rules. I love mixing metals, wearing a brown bag with black shoes, whatever.
For me, being involved in fashion is fun. But I like to be relatable and to wear things that other people can wear, too.
Kanye is so much fun. He's a wonderful person. What I love about Kim and Kanye is that I think they save their happy moments and their smiles for themselves rather than sharing everything with the public. And listen, when a camera is shoved in your face trying to take a selfie, you do not want to smile.
I love meat and vegetables. If I did a diet, I would do Paleo, except they have no cheese, which is very upsetting. I'm going to start my own Chrissy diet that's like Paleo plus cheese. Plus late Saturday night drive-through.
I don't like karaoke. But maybe that's why I'm so perfect for 'Lip Sync Battle,' because I get to still hear the song I love and watch the performances that I love without having to hear someone sing.
Basically I was really modeling for fun, but it wasn't ever something that I wanted to do to begin with.
I remember making my own dog food and feeling very fulfilled by it, then by day four I was over it.
I was more active pregnant than I ever was not pregnant. I was doing Body By Simone five days a week. That definitely helped me shed the weight after giving birth. But it's all smoke and mirrors, too. People on Instagram forget that you're showing them what you want them to see. We have filters.
I lick the cheese off Doritos and put them back in the bag. I will eat pretty much anything as long as it's salty. Or sweet. Or spicy.
I'm the farthest thing from a foodie or a food snob. Those people terrify me.
I am a nutritionist's nightmare.
Oh, I sat by Grumpy Cat once. You know that cat everyone is obsessed with? That's pretty random. She's not allowed to be touched. Are you kidding? You can't put a cat next to me and expect me not to touch it.
Every White House Correspondents' Dinner for the past three years, I have broken my dress and can't even zip it, so we have to leave - that's why I've missed every carpet appearance. One time, we had to go into Virginia to find me a new dress.
Anything I get to wear to the Met Ball is huge. I'm not a fashion girl, so it's cool to be dolled up and have those diamonds where they send armed guards with you.
No election is ever just about one issue, but I care a lot about women's rights and making sure parents have what they need to raise healthy kids. I always have cared, but having just had a child, I know how serious it is to be a mother. It's an incredibly huge challenge. You need support. You need resources.
Some parents struggle to put food on the table. And plenty of women aren't getting the pay they deserve. While I don't expect the government to solve all these problems, I do want leaders who care about these things and do what they can to help.
I love that Hillary actually cares enough about the issues to study them and listen to people who are affected by them. She's gotta be one of the most knowledgeable and qualified people to ever run for president. She's been a woman in the public eye for decades now.
I do hate Trump. I find him to be a vile human being - one that lies so often, so casually, and with such confidence, that fact-checkers actually cannot keep up. It is one thing after another, daily.
If I have a big shoot coming up, I do low-carb, no red meat, and earlier dinners. And I just tell myself that sure, maybe I cannot eat all the things I'd love to today. But there are many more days in the week, and that perfect bite will come when I'm done with whatever shoot.
Even on television, I am full of fake hair and covered in body makeup head-to-toe.
Being a swimsuit model that talks so much on Twitter... everyone thinks that I could definitely pull back. You kind of open yourself up to all the criticism. That's definitely a big downside to this whole world. How can you complain about people critiquing your body when you're literally like, 'Look at my body!'
My mom really let us do our own thing and play with different trends, and my sister was a little older, so she had all the beauty tricks. I would stuff things like rolled-up toilet paper into my hair to get volume, or do the reverse, and I'd lie on my back, and she'd use an actual iron to straighten it.
I dyed my own hair this Chocolate Cherry color, and I forget what brand it was, but I remember getting into so much trouble because it stained our bathtub. It was this red-black color, and it was a big mistake.
I love my husband's fried chicken, but I took it to the next level by swiping it with Cholula honey butter - I'm a total hot-sauce freak.
Garlic oil is one of my favorite things on the planet. You can roast 20 cloves of garlic in oil and use it in everything - you can even slide those soft whole cloves into a dish of hot mashed potatoes.
I remember debating the finer points of flaky pastry with my chicken-pot-pie-obsessed American dad. I remember the divine mix of Thai food, TV dinners, and hearty, homemade goodness that have shaped this palate of mine to this day. I remember all this, but I still Google my husband's birthday. Thank God he's famous.
The kitchen is a place I know well. It's my favorite room wherever I am living, and it has to be completely open and social.
I really like getting the person who is terrified of cooking into the kitchen and showing them that cooking can be both indulgent and fun.
I want more girls' nights, more dinner parties, more date nights, more nights on the couch with zucchini fries watching bad reality television.
