German,Model
I will continue modeling until they don't want me anymore basically because I do love it very much.
The stadium here in Munich is the best of the lot for me. It is absolutely fantastic, especially the way it lights up a different colour according to who is playing. It's superb.
Berlin is like being abroad in Germany. It's German, but not provincial.
I set for myself only small goals, goals that are not that far away.
My passion is my family and the world of fashion.
This is not a change of career for me. Just an expansion of it. I have contracts and obligations and business partners who are counting on me. And I would only want to do another movie if it's as good as this one.
I've never done any nudity, but I would do basically anything if a role called for it.
I wanted to start with a very small role, to get my feet wet. I'm sure I'm not as good or as experienced as other actresses, but everybody has to start somewhere.
I love movies, I've always been interested in them, but I wanted to wait for the right time to start acting.
I know one day I'll be considered too old.
For me, football always meant that we came together as a family and, in the summer we played football outside.
But it is true that some magazines have a policy to show only a certain amount of black girls on their covers. Naomi is right. It's not fair, and I wish it would change.
Quentin Tarantino asked me to work with him but there is no way I am going to do that while Matthew Vaughn is working in film.
All of my friends are my age and we are all ageing at the same time. We talk about it and moan, but it doesn't bother me.
I'm a lot more self-confident than I used to be. To some extent I owe that to my children and my husband.
I've never hidden the fact that I used to be shy, even when I was 30. However, I might have been self-conscious on the inside, but I was never inhibited about my body.
My friends often tell me how very German I still am.
I actually don't meet very many men because they are, I guess, afraid to approach me or think that I'm from another planet.
I've learned a tremendous amount over the years by watching designers work. I now have a good understanding of what sits well on the body, not to mention the importance of a great cut and quality.
Of course there are some models who are not good, but it has been proven that some models can act. Look at Kim Basinger, Sharon Stone or Andie MacDowell, who were all models - they are really fantastic actresses.
I'm fortunate enough that I don't have to accept every movie that comes along.
Everything has to be perfect in my business. Because when there is a mistake I am the one who is responsible.
I don't think you should give away your name and face to something you don't believe 100-percent in.
I am very conservative. I don't invest in anything that is risky. If someone comes to me with a project idea, I let them risk their money, not mine.
I have always loved cashmere and knitwear is the first thing I'm drawn to when shopping - even if I don't need any.
I design for myself and the first question I ask is, 'Would I wear it?'
