English,Model
I'd like to work with horses, but it doesn't pay very well. Maybe I'd like to go somewhere in the Middle East because they keep buying really nice horses for their Olympic teams - like, the Qataris.
There's a thing in the U.K., particularly in London, where it's kind of the idea of subculture and counterculture and the outside and the idea that it's great to be a freak, and the freak always wins. So I think English girls are a lot less scared of being the freak or looking like an idiot.
To be the outsider is actually a great thing in England.
I think Stella Tennant is amazing. And then I really loved all those '60s society models, like Edie Sedgwick.
How hard can it be to walk up and down in a straight line? You just need to put one step in front of another; most people do it all the time. What's the worst that can happen? You fall over. Sometimes that happens to non-models, too; it wouldn't be the end of the world.
I needed to pay for my horses in Warwickshire, and I couldn't do that off a waitress' wage.
If you always feel like an imposter, you work harder, and that makes you better at your job. You've got to keep a level of variation; otherwise, you'll end up talking about nails and beauty products all the time.
I just think that the Victoria's Secret girl values herself by the way she looks. And that might be linked with being healthy, but that's all it is, and it sets a negative example to other people.
I like wearing things that are a bit off but not in a ridiculous 'I'm wearing a huge hat' kind of way. More a socks with sandals way.
People need to take a breath and remember that it's only fashion. Relax. No one's going to die.
I've been making a diary of the daft things people have said during London Fashion Week, and it does wear a little bit thin, everyone comparing my name to Edie Sedgwick.
There's really nothing better than a hunt ball.
Sometimes I wake up and think, 'I want to look like Sherlock Holmes today,' and other times I want to look like a witch from 'Macbeth.'
Kristen Stewart always looks good - she wears what she wants. It's the same with Alison Mosshart - she chooses clothes that she loves rather than what she thinks she should wear.
When I was 17, I used to really think about what I wore every day.
I have a terrible habit of shopping after I go to the gym or hitting eBay.
Maybe the Burberry woman is undefinable! I think it's less about what she looks like and more about an attitude.
My favourite smell is horses. In fact, most of the time, I do smell like horses.
If I wasn't modelling, I'd probably be an intern somewhere, working for someone who interned the year before me.
It's amazing to be able to work with people right at the top of whatever they do... inspiring photographers and stylists with very interesting visual language. The more I do it, the more I enjoy it.
It's very good for you, riding. You know how every model is like, 'I do yoga.' Well, I find horses to have the same effect, in that you have to put your ego aside and concentrate on making the horse do the things you want it to do, and move in the way you want it to move - particularly if you're doing dressage.
Everyone Instagrams all the people they are with. I get that it's part of the job. But there's a point where it's like, 'Can't you just be a person and have a separate life to your job?'
I think there is something to be said for not feeling like just because you're a model you have to be dressed up, look amazing, go to every party, and be smiling all the time.
I'm not very good at going to parties and looking like I'm having fun.
The more I mistreat my hair, the stronger it grows back. I think it must be determined to survive.
What I like about Yves Saint Laurent Black Opium is that it's an understated scent that's somehow familiar.
