Australian,Model
Having children is my greatest achievement. It was my saviour. It switched my focus from the outside to the inside. My children are gifts, they remind me of what's important.
It's not vanity to feel you have a right to be beautiful. Women are taught to feel we're not good enough, that we must live up to someone else's standards. But my aim is to cherish myself as I am.
I feel beautiful when I'm at peace with myself. When I'm serene, when I'm a good person, when I've been considerate of others.
People in the fashion industry have used the press a lot more than people in the film industry, because you have nothing to sell except for the image: The image is everything.
For a while I was on the cover of every Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue, which was regarded as the pinnacle of success in America.
I wanted so badly to study ballet, but it was really all about wearing the tutu.
You know, Mamet is not a huge writer of female parts. Most of his movies don't even have women in them, so I'm lucky I'm in it at all.
You check to see the facts are correct where business is concerned but if I read everything that was written about me, I'd end up feeling totally insecure about myself.
The image is where you have dinner at night, who you're seeing. It's what car you drive and how you dress. People in the industry sell that, and it creates a dream. There's nothing else.
If I have a choice between putting my kids to bed and going to a party, I'll put my kids to bed. If I have a choice of going to a restaurant or having friends round, I'll have friends round. Every time.
I've done all this stuff because it's fun. It's never been about fame.
I went to America on holiday when I was 17 and, before I knew it, I'd been signed up by an agency and had these obligations I didn't understand, but which I couldn't say no to. This industry chose me. But I did choose to make it fulfilling.
I used to wear heels because I wanted to show people I wasn't ashamed of being tall. But I don't wear them any more because you don't have to wear heels to be beautiful. I can't even remember the last time I wore heels.
I like to make movies I like to watch.
I just happen to like the work. I like preparing for a role. I like reading. I like analyzing. I like literature. I like emotions. I like working with other actors.
I eat like a horse!
I don't like everybody knowing what I'm doing, unless it's related to a movie. I don't like speaking to the press. I never did.
I don't believe we own our children, they're their own souls who make their own choices, we just guide and support them.
I choose movies, I never choose roles. I look at the script. I look at the director. I look at the other actors - and then the role.
For me, just being on the cover of a magazine wasn't enough. I began to think, what value is there in doing something in which you have no creative input?
Focusing on the way I look makes me uncomfortable. I try to focus on the way I feel - I know what makes me feel better about myself. Reading my child a story makes me feel great, doing my hair nicely doesn't.
But I do know focusing on the exterior doesn't make me happy. If I want peace and serenity, it won't be reached by getting thinner or fatter.
Being a public person doesn't necessarily mean you're a piece of meat for everybody.
As long as people want to see me in movies, and as long as I find it interesting, I'll keep working.
Anyway, I believe you don't fix the inside by putting something on the outside.
Acting and modeling have nothing to do with each other.
