Swedish,Model
I would never wear a look that was all the same designer. I always wear at least one thing that is vintage. I dress according to my mood, and I usually spend money on the basics, like leather jackets, handbags, sweaters and shoes.
I like to be completely exhausted when I go to bed, so if I worked out and I had a long day, that's enough for me. Then I get on the bed and oof! So nice.
On my lips, I just do a little bit of liner, just a color silhouette.
Just having the whole control over your body is so important when you're modelling - to just be able to know exactly what you look like and what you're doing.
Right now there are a lot of Angels represented. We are from all over the world. We come from different backgrounds. We all had different lives before this, so it is really interesting how a lot of different nationalities are represented, and it is super cool.
Boxing makes you kind of tight, so it's really good to mix that with barre, Pilates, or something that'll stretch you out and make you longer. I'm not the person that loves to be in the gym so much. I like to mix it up as much as possible; otherwise, I'll get bored.
In the daytime during the summer, I only wear 'Laura Mercier Secret Camouflage Concealer' for coverage. I keep that in my bag at all times. I love 'RMS Buriti Bronzer' because it has a little bit of red in it, and my skin is on the reddish side, so it matches really well.
It has taken me so long to understand my skin, but the formula that works best for me is, gentle and less is more. But I do cleanse my skin well at night with a good natural cleanser by Dr. Hauschka or Avalon Organics.
I love to relax. It's my favorite thing in the world. I am very good at being like a grandma and staying in and watching 'Game of Thrones' or a movie. I think I could do that every night.
I think life is so much about enjoying and not punishing yourself or restricting yourself too much. The more I let go of all my rules, the more free and happy I am, and nothing happens. So I just enjoy.
Oh my God, I sweat so much! You have to keep deodorant in your purse and use those deodorising wipes that cool you off a bit.
I know I have one of the best jobs in the world. These days, models are allowed to have bigger personalities and be celebrities on their own.
I like a good mattress, first of all. I have a Hestia bed, and it's the best mattress in the world. I like it pretty cold because I can't sleep when it's really hot.
My favorite part about modeling is probably my least favorite part as well. It's traveling. Because it goes both ways. It's so amazing to get to see the world; we're so fortunate to go to all these places that I would never be in unless I was a model.
I like vintage stores - all over the world. I have a little collection of my favorite stores here and there. Other than that, I love online shopping.
I love fashion, so I'm always into new things. I'm not necessarily a trend-driven person. I like to kind of do my own thing.
I love 'Victoria's Secret Sport' because what they do so well is the fit and how it makes you feel. They sculpt all the right parts of your body. Plus, there's so much to choose from - colors, prints, and cool details. It's dangerous - you want everything.
I have so many indulgences - way too many. But I think also you work out to be able to eat what you want. You can be healthy, but you have to let yourself live.
Sleep is so important. I think more important than we know. When I haven't slept, I'm not myself. I'm not as easy-going.
I fall asleep to a movie every night! I don't have a go-to movie, but I like Netflix or whatever I can find. Usually, it's just noise in the background; I think it's damage from living in New York, where it's so noisy.
Swedish people live for the summer - it transforms everyone. I don't want to miss having a Swedish summer vacation for as long as I live. It's my favorite thing in the world.
Playing sports is great when you're young. It teaches you how to focus, how to direct your energy, how not to think about a million other things that are going on.
When I work out, I make healthier choices in all areas of life, and when I don't, I tend to slack on other things, too, so I like to keep a good routine going.
I love the 'Victoria's Secret Knockout Front-close Strappy-back Sport Bra.' After a strenuous and sweaty workout, I don't have to pull it over my head to take it off. The front close makes it very convenient and easy, and the strappy back is super sexy!
I generally always eat what I want. I think when you work out a lot, you can afford to eat more because your body's metabolism is higher. I like healthy food and prefer that anyways, but if I want pizza or a can of Coca-Cola every once in a while, I'm going to have it. I just try to have a few slices, and that's it.
Josie Maran anything! Love her products, especially the argan sun block moisturizer, and RMS beauty anything, always. Her eye polish colors are insane. I also always keep an Eau So Sexy rollerball by Victoria's Secret in my bag.
