Irish,Model
It's very hard when you do photocalls. You have to be on time, you have to be all cheesy smiles, and have your hair and make-up done, and be into it. It's not like a photoshoot. You have to really put the cheese factor in. I think you have to be more willing to go for it.
When I'm in a bikini or at a photo shoot, I'm real confident. But, if I'm in a group of people I don't know, I'm really quiet.
I will always do what I want to do and I won't go with the crowd.
In Ireland, I don't get asked out much. English boys are a lot more flirty.
I like Megan Fox; I think she's really hot, too.
I'm the kind of girl who always has a boyfriend.
I like guys who wear nice clothes, nice jeans, nice trainers - I hate skinny jeans and those T-shirts that are really low-cut.
You always get one or two people that aren't going to be saying nice things. It doesn't really bother me, but you're always going to get a few people like that.
Guys always attract my attention when they wear nice clothes and they make an effort.
I think it shows that you are a confident person if you can walk up to a group of girls and just be able to talk to them sober.
I don't know if I'd wanna be in the limelight.
When I do club appearances, it's girls who come up and get their photos taken with me, not just guys.
In the future, I want to have children.
My top beauty tip is to drink lots of water. It might sound lame, but it works.
My worst habit is probably that I'm extremely messy. I'm a big scatter-brain - I'm always losing my car keys, or worse, forgetting where I parked my car in the car park.
When I left school, I went backpacking around the world for two years.
If I wasn't modelling, I guess I would work in fashion as a buyer.
I have fun. I don't take myself too seriously.
I've never hung around with any models. I've always hung around with my friends from school and kept myself to myself.
I used to have really bad skin, and when I was younger, I had a lazy eye. I had to wear a patch and pink-rimmed glasses.
I think Katie Price is a really good businesswoman. She has made so much money.
I don't do 'Image' magazine or high-fashion shows.
You won't really see me at any events, any nightclubs.
