English,Model
I really like doing portraits, but I like taking pictures of things that are natural, like scenery, too.
I'm interested in every aspect of fashion. I think it's in my bones. When I was younger I used to be my mum's stylist, picking things out for her to wear. I'd say to her, 'If anybody asks you who styled you tonight say, 'Georgia.'
When you're young, no one cares who your parents are, although Mum would arrive to pick me up in her full hair and make-up and fur, and I used to say, 'Can't you just dress normally, like all the other mums?' I wanted her to blend in more, but I've always been really proud of Mum - as proud as she is of me.
My mum taught me a lot about fashion in terms of knowing what looks good on you and developing my own sense of style. Even when we were shooting the Sunglass Hut campaign, we went through racks of clothing together, and ultimately I decided on a short, more fitted peplum dress, while Mum opted for a sexy blazer and black leggings.
Cavalli is all about being a strong woman - being sexy and powerful. Which is how we'd like to feel, all of the time! The clothes are very strong and sexy - quite Amazonian. And you feel like that yourself when you're wearing the clothes.
I wouldn't even have braces on my teeth. I think they are horrible, and this idea that everyone should conform and be perfect is ridiculous. I like the fact I have good old-fashioned British teeth with a big gap. Who wants those gleaming white cosmetically enhanced American teeth?
I really never thought about the way I looked until boys came into the picture. Then it starts to be like, 'Am I wearing the right outfit? I have to do my makeup for school!'
My mum is actually really wholesome.
Even when my parents were together, they both had to travel and work, and it wasn't like they had nine-to-five jobs. In that way, it wasn't a normal family life. We'd go and stay for a few weeks with Dad on tour and bring a tutor with us.
I'm quite dyslexic in school. My dad let me figure out what I wanted to do on my own. My parents never really lecture me.
I model jeans. You need a bum for those.
I always see those jeans with the stretchy front on pregnant women, and they look like the dreamiest thing ever.
My problem is that I always find jeans that are either high-waisted or low-rise, but nothing in between, like they used to be in the eighties and early nineties. That's actually the most flattering cut.
I'm very interested in music, but I was not born musical. I honestly do think some people have the knack. I can't play an instrument. I'm a terrible singer. I'm not about to launch my album!
When I was younger, I wanted to be a vet or a tightrope walker. But I have no sense of balance, and I can't bear animals dying, so I abandoned both ideas.
I preferred MTV as it used to be when it was about the music - I don't like it that now they just have reality shows. Reality TV rots people's brains.
We have a snap of my dad wearing blue eye shadow, which I would always make fun of. When I was about 12 and first started wearing lipstick, my dad would ask, 'Are you wearing makeup?' I would say back, 'You're wearing more makeup there than I am!'
When I went on tour with my father, I knew he was a musician. But they were my parents. I still think of my mum as being kind of a dork - a cooler one, but still a dork.
I think my gap adds character. A while ago, on the street, a guy yelled, 'You could stick a gold through your front teeth!' Which meant I could put a £1 coin between them. But you can't. I've tried! Fifty-pence coins and 2-pence coins, yes. But not a pound.
I really like Tracie Martyn beauty products for skin care. Take off your makeup before you go to sleep. Sometimes I forget, and it is always horrible when you wake up.
I wear high heels for long legs.
I eat three meals a day and three juices a day.
I have a coconut oil stick, which I use for everything - on my eye lids to make them shinier, on my lips, and on any dry skin.
I actually really love the Kate Moss Rimmel lipsticks. Sometimes I get afraid of different colours. I want to try a bright pink, but I don't want to look tacky!
Basically, my hair is very dry from all the backcombing! Hairdressers prefer if your hair is dry and damaged, as it makes it easier to style.
Just Cavalli for Her is a flowery and sexy fragrance. I like its freshness and feminine scent.
