Model
Hiding, secrets, and not being able to be yourself is one of the worst things ever for a person. It gives you low self-esteem. You never get to reach that peak in your life. You should always be able to be yourself and be proud of yourself.
I like dressing like a guy. I love it. When I was modeling I used to do pictures where I would dress up like my little brother. No makeup, and I looked like a boy.
I believe in individuality, that everybody is special, and it's up to them to find that quality and let it live.
I just go with the flow, I follow the yellow brick road. I don't know where it's going to lead me, but I follow it.
When I was modelling, I spent half my life staring at thousands of perfect reflections. It got to a stage where I was losing all sense of reality - so after I quit modelling, I took all the mirrors out of my house.
We're not perfect; we all have things that people might not like to see, and I like to show my faults.
Everyone has to make their own decisions. I still believe in that. You just have to be able to accept the consequences without complaining.
I'm not a rock star; I'm a soft person.
I don't like people who hide things. We're not perfect, we all have things that people might not like to see, and I like to show my faults.
Normally, I stay away from politics - unless I'm going to run for president.
Shock always sells. You know? But you could shock in good taste.
Women and men grow up with both sexes. Our mothers and fathers mean a lot to us, so it's just a question of finding a balance between their influences. I've found mine. And it tends to be more on the male side. I mean male side the way we understand it in the West.
Be like Sasha Fierce. Be like Miley Cyrus. Be like Rihanna. Be like Lady Gaga. Be like Rita Ora and Sia. Be like Madonna. I cannot be like them, except to the extent that they are already being like me.
One creates oneself.
I've changed. I'm not worried about what people think, because I think people think what they want to think anyway.
This is what I would say to my pupil: 'You have become only your fame and left behind most of who you were. How are you going to deal with that? Will you lose that person forever? Have you become someone else without really knowing it? Do you always have to stay in character for people to like you? Do you know that you are in character?'.
You had to wear a hat to go to church. We weren't allowed to straighten our hair. We couldn't wear jewellery, nail polish, open backed shoes, skirts above the knee... trousers were forbidden because male apparel on a female was not godly.
I see myself as no color. I can play the role of a man. I can paint my face white if I want to and play the role of white. I can play a green, I can be a purple. I think I have that kind of frame and that kind of attitude where I can play an animal.
I only move forwards, never backwards, darling.
I like conflicts. I love competition. I like discovering things for myself. It's a childlike characteristic, actually. But that gives you a certain amount of power, and people are intimidated by that.
I was skinny as a rail and had high cheekbones and a very interesting face - or so I was told.
Models are there to look like mannequins, not like real people. Art and illusion are supposed to be fantasy.
I'm a man-eating machine.
Now when I enter a carriage, it almost empties. But there's always one brave enough to stay.
I've had more misrepresentations than I can handle, and people have told the wickedest lies about me. A lot of them have taken their frustrations out on me, and I don't like that because it can wound. Not necessarily me, but those around me. Journalists can be so bad.
In the Seventies and Eighties we all had our fun, and now and then we went really too far. But, ultimately, it required a certain amount of clear thinking, a lot of hard work and good make-up to be accepted as a freak.
My dad's family were political and he was always a theatrical creature, whereas my mum is really musical and her father was the touring pianist with Nat King Cole. My family was an explosive mixture of politics, religion and music - no wonder I turned out how I did.
You can't expect your children to be perfect.
Rock n' roll can get quite overwhelming. You can get caught up in the cycle.
I don't collaborate. You're born alone, you die alone, you get on stage alone.
I was the only black girl at my junior high school. I had an afro, a Jamaican accent, I looked really old.
I don't like people who hide things.
To be honest, my life is not really as way-out and myth-loaded as people like to portray it.
I go feminine, I go masculine. I am both, actually. I think the male side is a bit stronger in me, and I have to tone it down sometimes. I'm not like a normal woman, that's for sure.
It was very painful combing my hair. My grand-uncle was a Pentecostal bishop, and he was very strict: our hair couldn't be permed or straightened. So I just cut it all off.
I am an actress first, a singer second.
I didn't think I had a voice at all, and I still think of myself as an interpreter of songs more than a singer. I thought it was too deep; people thought I was a man. I had a very strong Jamaican accent, too; the accent really messed me up for auditions.
If people think I'm angry, I don't want to burst anybody's bubble. I like sometimes for people to be afraid of me. But it's not really anger; it's discipline.
Music has its own depths, and I let it take me where it takes me, even if it means stripping all my clothes off.
If you want me to work with you, then come with an idea. Come with music.
More having to do whatever anybody said you had to do. I couldn't really do anything on my own. But as I got older and then came to America and then Grace became my name, it somehow freed me. All of a sudden, I can be this other person.
I am not a diva: I am a Jones. 'Diva' is so overused. Diva, icons, the whole thing, legends... To be a diva, what is that?
Human beings should stick together. Honestly, if I see a red-haired person with blue eyes now, I say, 'Is your granny black?'
I wanted to be a 'jungle mom', where you're giving birth and getting up and doing things straightaway.
I don't wear jewelry, so I wear furs. I don't have diamonds.
They used to call me Firefly when I was a little girl, and I always tried to figure out why I was being called a firefly. I was really black, black, black from the sun. After being in Jamaica for 13 years, my eyes were really beady and white, and my skin was really black. I must have really looked like a fly. My eyes looked like lights, like stars.
Mum was a high-jumper and qualified to go to the Olympics, but it got into the newspapers that she was married to my father, and the church put pressure on her to pull out of the Olympic team, saying, 'You can't be exposing all your legs.' That's how strong the influence of the church was on us all.
I was a go-go dancer, too. I called myself 'Grace Mendoza' to fool my parents.
Sometimes we'd have to climb a tree and pick our own whips to be disciplined with. When you had to pick your own whip, you knew you were in for it.
I like to experiment, and as an actress, I always thought it's good to be open about a lot of things.
You don't do oysters and red wine together. That's a no-no; you just don't do that. I love a nice white wine with oysters.
There is some Eighties music that is just timeless. The melodies, the lyrics... I called it church. Church in club. You can shout and dance. The best of the Eighties was club church.
The problem with the Dorises and the Nicki Minajes and Mileys is that they reach their goal very quickly. There is no long-term vision, and they forget that once you get into that whirlpool, then you have to fight the system that solidifies around you in order to keep being the outsider you claim you represent.
For me, a diva is like the great opera singer, the great film star - out of reach, in their own world, with a real gift for invention: attention-demanding performance artists with a flamboyant, compelling sense of their own importance so special and inimitable it verges on the alien.
Listen to my advice; I have some experience. In a way, it is me being a teacher, which is what I wanted to be. I still feel I could go into teaching. What is teaching but passing on your knowledge to those who are at the beginning? Some people are born with that gift.
People always like to make me seem taller than I am.
My brother used to get beaten up all the time because he was very effeminate.
Some people are both genders. I think you just come out the way you come out, and you have to embrace it honestly.
I don't party now, and nobody really knows how to party with me anymore. So I stay in a lot. I really am a home person.
Religion has stayed with me even though I rebelled.
I had no childhood, really, so I imagined more than played, and that definitely led to my showbusiness image, the theatrics and the drama of my life.
My mum was very glamorous, an incredible seamstress. She made up those Vogue, Givenchy and Yves St. Laurent patterns they used to sell. It was church couture, darling! Because my dad was a pastor, she could get away with more than other women. Her skirts were that bit tighter.
It's important that the sexes understand each other.
Fear is fear of fear, I think.
I feel feminine when I feel feminine. I feel masculine when I feel masculine. I am a role switcher.
Gaga came to me, and I just could not find a soul. I come from church; maybe that has something to do with it. I like to get to the soul of a person. I just didn't feel a soul.
Even though the agency kept me pretty busy, I auditioned for every play and film I could find. But they all wanted a black American sound, and I just didn't have it. Finally, I got tired of trotting around and took myself to Paris.
I was born into a very religious family where everything was about setting the right example for the community and having to obey orders blindly. I felt that everyone was growing up in the world, except me. This is probably one of the reasons why I had such a rebellious attitude towards any form of authority.
Yelling between people in love is normal.
I always had to mask my emotions. I could never show that I missed my mom or my dad, especially when they moved to America. My grandparents were tough. I was not allowed to receive letters that had not been read before. Everything was controlled - everything!
It's the nature of man to give and receive - to be man and woman, all in one.
