American,Model
I'd rather be overweight and curvy than super thin with no curves. I'm proud of my body.
I could live a normal life. My motivation is only to take on new challenges.
I don't want to be too strict, because I think kids can get rebellious, but I want to raise my daughter to be passionate about doing good things and pursuing real things and hobbies instead of frivolous materialistic stuff.
Truthfully, being pregnant is changing me as a person. Each day is part of this amazing journey that has completely shifted the focus of my life and made me reevaluate my personal and professional goals.
I love chicken fingers, I love French fries. I love desserts. I'm not just into dessert or just into savoury food. I love it all. I'm a pig. I love food. So it takes a lot of discipline to eat healthy.
I like food too much to go on some crazy diet. French fries are my favorite downfall.
I was the Playmate editor for 'Playboy' for two years. I produced two years' worth of centerfolds. I did everything on that, from picking the girls to designing the sets to picking the wardrobe, coming up with themes, assigning the photographer, down to editing the photos and approving the retouching.
I don't get jealous of other girls, because I was... raised in a cloning lab to be the perfect woman for Hugh M. Hefner, so, other than the fact that my I.Q.'s probably a little higher than he would like, I have nothing to worry about.
Growing up in Alaska, they don't really teach you to swim there. I learned to swim just a few summers ago with Olympic gold medalist Amanda Beard. She did great, and right after that I went to get scuba certified. I had fun with it. I didn't really get scared, but some people thought that was a risk.
I would love to meet my soul mate. I'm always kind of keeping my eyes open for somebody.
Like, if you look at Heidi Montag, who got 10 surgeries she didn't need, I think that's unfortunate. I've always been voluptuous with a big butt, but didn't have boobs, so I wanted my body balanced out. My nose was fine in real life, but it didn't photograph well, so I had it tweaked for my line of work. I'm very happy with it.
If I could have a Barbie body, which has no cellulite, I totally would. I would like to have a flatter stomach, but that won't happen either. That is never going to happen. No matter how much weight I lose, my stomach, below the belly button, always pooches out.
I'm happy single, but I'm happy in both cases. I feel like I definitely thrive more as a human and I'm more successful when I'm single.
I moved on from the whole 'Playboy' thing five years ago and really never looked back. I'm not one of those girls who goes back to all the parties and things.
The last couple relationships I had were long distance. It's not like I can make much of an effort to travel and see anybody. The guy had to do all the work, unfortunately.
I don't know why this is, maybe because I am 33 or what, but I didn't think it would be that easy for me to get pregnant. But it was.
I've always wanted to be a mom.
I have cellulite - and had it even when I was at my absolute thinnest. I'm never not going to have cellulite. People need to just accept that it's there and maybe dress accordingly or use body makeup to cope with it.
I always wanted to be ambidextrous, ever since I was a little girl. I wanted to be able to use both hands, and I still use my left hand a lot.
I want six kids. We'll see how it goes, but I want a big family.
My main motivation for staying in the spotlight at all is, I don't want to just be known for being involved in 'Playboy,' or having been Hugh Hefner's girlfriend - I hate that. I like to show I can do other things and take on other challenges. That's my main motivation.
After becoming pregnant, I had to makeover my pantry just a little to make the proper adjustments to support the baby. I've found some staples that will stick around after the baby is here, too.
I want my daughter to be proud of me and look up to me. I think early on in my pregnancy I realized that to be the mom I want to be, I had to change my life, and that's what I'm doing.
I want to work on projects that I feel passionate about and do things that are fun and challenging. I would love to do a live musical. I'm not interested in doing the same thing over and over or the fame and exposure that comes with it. When people keep doing that, they just end up doing the same dumb stuff again and again.
You know, 'Peepshow,' in retrospect that seems like a good fit for me, but in the beginning, I'm sure you remember, nobody was sure if the show was going to last. Everybody was like, 'What are you doing? You can't sing, and you can't dance. What are you doing in this show?'
Once I decide I want to do something, I just work really hard and I do it, and I just know it's going to work. I think really positively.
