American,Model
I'm free of stress and worries now because if I don't like something I'm doing, I just find the fun in it instead of being miserable. Let me have fun with the people I work with, let me have fun making money - when I grew up so poor, ya know?
My philosophy of dating is to just fart right away.
Hope is the greatest thing for moms of autism. Hope is what gets us out of bed in the morning. I'm on a mission to tell parents that there is a way.
I look at autism like a bus accident, and you don't become cured from a bus accident, but you can recover.
Why do other first world countries give children so many fewer vaccines than we do? Vaccines save lives, but might be harming some children. Is moderation such a terrible idea?
The idea that vaccines are a primary cause of autism is not as crackpot as some might wish. Autism's 60-fold rise in 30 years matches a tripling of the U.S. vaccine schedule.
I'm not as hard on myself anymore. I'm comfortable exactly where I am, though it took me until I was 34 years old! I still have things I'm really insecure about, but I've changed by loving me - C-section scars, stretch marks, and all.
Having a child makes you realize the importance of life - narcissism goes out the window. Heaven on earth is looking at my little boy. The minute he was born, I knew if I never did anything other than being a mom, I'd be fine.
I'm the comedic girl next door and a lot of fun.
So basically, I don't know what I'm talking about. But maybe I do.
Obviously, I'm not a trained actress, and right now I'll come out and say I'm glad I'm not.
I guess now that I think back, I used to play priest and be a funny priest. I don't know, I grew up in such a Catholic family that I kind of liked to test the boundaries a little bit and I think I had fun watching my mom laugh.
Kids will not listen to that. They're going to experiment no matter what, so you have to be honest.
I can't even begin to tell you how many casting couches I was attacked on. Not just by casting people, but by stars.
I'm not a sex symbol.
You don't need a pickup line. Just glance at a woman from across the room. Glance - don't stare.
The one thing I like about 'Playboy' is they don't have the anorexic look. The women are voluptuous. So I didn't really want to diet. I just wanted to tone up.
You totally value and respect your body as you get older.
People don't see this side of me. They don't know I read, like, 800 million spiritual books. Lately I am just really getting into a lot of spirituality.
I don't really go out much at all. But there are times when I'm like, 'I gotta get out.' Then we go to Vegas, and we'll gamble.
I'm the worst person to tell anybody how to date.
At one point, my house was a school for autistic children. I opened up my doors to about 30 kids and their families at the time. I was turning into Mary Poppins because I had to do something for these kids who have nowhere to go. So my house was the school for two years.
I do believe sadly it's going to take some diseases coming back to realize that we need to change and develop vaccines that are safe.
If you give us a safe vaccine, we'll use it. It shouldn't be polio versus autism.
It's absolutely imperative for the parents and the typical kids to have time by themselves, to go out to dinner or even go on vacation while someone else cares for the autistic child.
For a seriously autistic kid, the best prognosis might be getting into a mainstream school without being too much of a shadow. For a moderately autistic kid the best prognosis is full recovery.
