American,Model
There's so much to appreciate about my life every single day, and I make a big point of taking time to smell the roses and noticing how lucky I am. I never want to take that for granted.
I could lie and tell you I'm a hardcore gamer - I'm not.
Like most celebrities, of course, I adore all the Mario games.
Luckily, my husband is my business partner as well as my life partner, so I never had to do the heavy lifting alone, literally or figuratively.
My fingertips are my favorite makeup brush! I especially like to apply my eye shadow with them, get it nice and smudgy. All my favorite makeup artists used their fingers to apply and their hand as a palette.
I'm still figuring out why people would want to look at me. Maybe it's generic beauty, but it's weird to be valued for something I was born with.
I would love to play the Femme Fatale or an action role like Trinity in the Matrix or something like that. You know, a part with a lot of costume changes.
For this game, we shot it just like it as if it was a film so there wasn't that much different from doing a film other than some technical things for the costume that had to be done so they could transfer the footage later and make it look animated.
I have a Volvo S60R and it's a pretty fast car, the R says it all.
I do like to drive fast and I have gotten pulled over in the past. I use my skills to get out of tickets.
Having your own character in a video game is pretty cool.
And because performing for a game involves real acting. The way they create a game is very similar now to how they create a film. I've always wanted to stretch my acting skills, and the timing being what it is, I couldn't say no.
Modeling isn't all that tough.
The roughest part of that lifestyle is the travel and early mornings.
Part of the challenge of Most Wanted is trying to become the most notorious street racer on the pavement.
I've been in plenty of situations where someone I'm dating had more time for a console than me.
The eco-movement is growing as people all over catch on to the need to protect our precious planet, which makes the future look really bright - and makes me really happy.
I would consider myself an inventor at heart, or reinventor.
If you tell me I can't do something, it just makes me want to do it more.
In my business, if you look good, no one is going to be checking up on whether you work out. So it's up to me.
