French,Model
Of course I like to be tan, but now I try to avoid it. I don't mind having a little glow, but now when I go to the beach, I put SPF 50 everywhere - either Avene or La Roche-Posay Anthelios. I have freckles, so as long as my little freckles come out, I'm happy.
So much of my body changed from being pregnant. My hair got so much longer from all of the multivitamins and pregnancy vitamins, like the New Chapter's Every Woman Vitamin I've been taking - it's a lot of folic acid. I know a lot of moms cut their hair, but I just want to keep mine long.
For me, beauty is more about prevention than anything. Especially now that I've hit 30, it's more about being careful and maintaining my skin. I want to keep my youth and freshness and be wrinkle-free as long as possible because I don't want to have to cheat - that's what I call any cosmetic surgeries: cheating.
I sometimes apply eyeliner - Giorgio Armani Smooth Silk Eye Pencil in #1 Black - and smudge it with my fingers really quickly to give it a little lift, almost a cat eye. It's all about giving a lift now.
Sometimes, being a single mother, I miss the freedom. I see my other friends with kids, and when they go out for a drink, it is the dad that stays in.
Being pregnant was the best time of my life because nothing could affect me. It was like a detox - I ate healthy, I slept a lot, and I didn't drink. All of my hormones were at the perfect levels.
I'm addicted to online shopping.
It's so strange how people can be judgmental when they see a pregnant woman dressed in high heels and tight dresses. Being pregnant shouldn't make you feel less of a woman, but more of a woman!
I love Epsom salt and just use the inexpensive unscented ones from CVS. It's better than oils... those make the tub so gross, and I never feel like cleaning it right before I go out.
When I'm getting ready, I'll listen to '80s music on Spotify just to wake me up and put me in the mood. I like that it's cheesy.
I hate picking out outfits for events. That's why I always wear the same thing when I go out - OK, not exactly the same, but always something easy. If it isn't a big fashion event, it'll be jeans and a nice top.
I'm inspired by all those women in the '60s - they look so put-together and cool at the same time, and they all were moms - moms and career women. I do wear heels, though. Pretty much always. I need to feel good about myself, so even if it's casual, I'll slip them on.
You don't have to wait for your career to take off to become a mum: that's kind of what I want to show. Becoming a mum made me even more driven, and I think it doesn't stop your career - it just boosts it. It makes you well-organised, and with a little bit of sacrifice, of course you can do it all.
When I was first pregnant, I Googled a maternity website, and there was nothing that spoke to a girl with my lifestyle who had kids - everything was very boring and very pinky. I wanted to create a platform for all those amazing, beautiful, sexy, hands-on mummies and for them to share their lifestyles, their beauty tips.
My mum always had fun on shoots, but afterwards, she would pick us up from school and make dinner. I had a pretty normal childhood.
Girls are having babies when they are younger and combining kids with work. I don't know if it's always been there or if I'm just more aware because I'm in this situation.
Even on the red carpet, French celebrities keep it minimal. Think of Charlotte Gainsbourg - the look can be quite undone.
If a French woman wears jeans, it's never with flats - always heels.
The French like to play the intellectual card; they don't like to be over-sexy. The sexiness comes from the way they walk and hold themselves.
My job description? It is many things; it is a whole universe created around the things that I like.
When it comes to babies and children and being a mother, there is so much to talk about. There are products that I keep discovering - endless products! People love to read about these things. And I interview cool mothers, mums with babies, and mums with teenagers... all mums who I admire.
My site is about women who want to look good and stay active: women who don't want to suddenly become 'just mums.' But it's not true that it is only about the glamorous side. Last time I was on a plane with Romy, she was sick all over me, and I wrote a tip about travelling with a change of outfit.
I guess you could say I want to become like Martha Stewart - just a sexier version!
I wanted to find a way to merge my taste as an art and creative director with my new little obsessions: babies and motherhood and all of that. So I began working on my website, Romy and the Bunnies, which is named after my daughter, Romy.
Blowouts, manicures, and massages are my little indulgences; I get them whenever I can. The chair massage during a manicure is a must, even if it's only 10 minutes. The ones in the back, though, on the bed where you can get a proper massage, make all the difference.
Baby fashion has become such a big thing. It used to be that everything had to be pink or blue or cute - you know, very precious - but not cool. But now, my friends who are mothers really want to dress their kids just like themselves.
