American,Model
It's nice to just be a kid and hang out with your friends at lunch.
If you believe in yourself and feel confident in yourself, you can do anything. I really believe that.
I'm somewhat in my own cloud.
I think that taking ballet is one of the best things a girl can do. Period.
You have to grow thick skin and that only comes with time and learning.
My favourite place to eat is my grandma's kitchen. She makes a mean crab cake.
Doors opened for me and I ran for it.
I think to have the skill set and the ability to physically help others in matters of life and death must be incredibly empowering.
Holy cow, in the course of one week I feel like I've lived about a year!
I'm not graceful.
I have a notebook that is filled to the brim with my dreams and ideas and goals and aspirations.
There's no time for boys in my life right now.
Today, models are able to share industry news, trends, and communicate with fans through Twitter, Instagram and blogs. So in a way, our position as models is way more personable and relatable.
I still get butterflies when I'm doing a runway show. The music starts, you're wearing these gorgeous clothes and your nervous about your high heels, if your shoes are going to break, if your going to slip or do something wrong.
Christy Turlington is my idol. She really is. She's a gorgeous woman inside and out. I admire her work in the charity field. She's just been able to balance it all - and gracefully, as well.
I'm one of those tall, lanky, awkward kids.
Ballet really taught me so much about the power of movement.
I grew six inches in a year.
I just keep thinking how lucky I am that I haven't had to sacrifice anything.
My entire high school career - my entire school career - I've been like three feet taller than everyone in my grade.
I have gotten to travel the world and experience all these incredible things thanks to my career.
I work strategically with my management team to make all decisions.
I am very lucky to be surrounded and guided by an incredible support team comprised of my family and agents.
Because I'm so tall, clothes look different on me than they do on others.
I wish I could fly. Or speak fluent Chinese. Both I think are equally impossible.
I did every sport under the sun while growing up.
