American,Model
If we get our self-esteem from superficial places, from our popularity, appearance, business success, financial situation, health, any of these, we will be disappointed, because no one can guarantee that we'll have them tomorrow.
I always knew I belonged on the other side of the lens.
I believe there are three keys to success. For me it is keeping my priorities in order: It's my faith and my family, and then the business.
When I used to model, the job description is 'shut up and pose.' There are people today who would really like me to go back to that old job description and 'just shut up and pose.'
In business it's about people. It's about relationships.
My family gave me values that have sustained me through situations that would challenge any person. My personal relationship with the Lord inspires me in all I do.
It's been an extraordinary journey. I have learned so much along the way. I entered the modeling industry as a business person already. I always knew I belonged on the other side of the camera.
Because modeling is lucrative, I'm able to save up and be more particular about the acting roles I take.
Don't just work for the money; that will bring only limited satisfaction.
I want to be healthy, to be there for my husband and my kids.
But I look at failure as education. In that respect, I am so well-educated.
The entire time I was modeling, I was trying and failing at businesses. In fact, we would have started our business much sooner had I been more successful.
I know my strengths. Painfully aware of the weaknesses. There's many. I love sports. So working towards a common goal, that's exciting to me.
I'm a curious person. I like to ask questions.
Beauty comes from the inside.
That was never on my radar, traffic stopping. It was never important to me.
I would say my sense of adventure outweighs my grace.
Martha Stewart is extremely talented. Her designs are picture perfect. Our philosophy is life is messy, and rather than being afraid of those messes we design products that work the way we live.
Our mission began with finding solutions for families, especially busy moms.
I intentionally built a business that has absolutely nothing to do with appearance.
I won't give up my day job of design.
I was not making enough time to take care of me.
I like to experiment a lot and invent things.
Jesus was nothing like I thought - He wasn't condemning. He was loving and leading.
There are a lot of good arguments for birth control, but as far as terminating a life that has already come into existence, I haven't found any.
I entered the modeling industry as a business person already. I always knew I belonged on the other side of the camera.
