English,Model
All I want is a gentleman. I'm sick to bloody death of bastards.
I am happy to receive any items of jewelry.
My middle name should be 'Drama,' but I love it. I think everyone should have some kind of stress in their life; otherwise, it's boring isn't it?
I don't care what anyone says. It's my life, and I can do what I like.
I'm not into one-night stands. I've only slept with three guys in my life and they all involve relationships.
I get really saucy after a few drinks. Sexy rude, not obnoxious rude.
I used to flirt with girls just to get the guys circling around us. I'm getting out of it now. I have to look after my reputation.
You do get some weirdos, but if there are any nice people out there who want to write to me pleasantly, then they'll get a pleasant reply back!
I have loads of underwear, but only wear the bras because I never wear knickers.
I like to spend time with my family. The majority of my time is spent in London, but I do like to escape and spend time with them in my hometown of Brighton on the south coast.
All I've ever really done is page 3 in The Sun, and not every man reads that.
As a child, I've always been in trouble with men and the police have always had to get involved, through no fault of my own.
Hopefully I'll be successful with the singing, but there are so many other things I want to do, like acting. I'll do them one at a time first!
I didn't fancy any of my teachers.
I do like my hair being pulled from time to time, it's like a pair of reins, innit?
I don't really want to do topless stuff anymore.
I hate going out in Brighton now. It's different in London. People respect you more there.
I like protective men, the type who'll put an arm around me so I can be smothered.
I never ask anyone for anything. I've just not been brought up like that.
I really hate sitcoms on television with canned laughter and stuff. What really makes me laugh is the real-life stuff. I've got a dry sense of humor.
I stick to my own type when I go out, and I don't make friends with people just because they're celebrities.
I think I must have a super-fast metabolism.
I want to do other things like more fashion campaigns.
I was a real rebel. I got expelled.
I'm desperate to start a career in music.
I'm quite an insecure person and need reassuring all the time.
