Ethiopian,Model
One thing modeling taught me is that the spotlight can change everything.
Helping others isn't a chore; it is one of the greatest gifts there is.
Investing in women's lives is an investment in sustainable development, in human rights, in future generations - and consequently in our own long-term national interests.
The most inspiring piece of advice I've gotten is simply to persevere. My mom taught me to always keep going no matter what from an early age. When it feels too difficult to push forward, I always remind myself, 'This too shall pass,' and then I redouble my efforts.
We should work to guarantee that there is a midwife or health worker by every woman's side during childbirth.
Doing designs on a loom takes a lot of talent and experience, and, trust me, I won't be able to do that.
When our mothers are alive and healthy, they do extraordinary things... like the mothers of Plaza de Mayo, who marched in Argentinean plazas, defying the military junta dictatorship and demanding the whereabouts of their abducted children... or the Liberian mothers who faced down civil war armed only with T-shirts and courage.
I don't think we should judge celebrities for doing charity work. Period. Whatever their reasons for doing it, they are shedding light on issues that would otherwise go unnoticed.
Midwives and doctors play a crucial role preventing unnecessary maternal deaths. They educate women about nutrition, health and family planning. And they step in when complications arise.
I actually started modeling in Ethiopia, because that's where I grew up, and I started out by just doing little fashion shows for school, and I liked it so much that I started pursuing it.
Take good care of your skin and hydrate. If you have good skin, everything else will fall into place.
It's very difficult to hand someone your whole life story to play, and you've never really met that person.
What I love most about Mother's Day is that I am acknowledged and honored for being a mother.
I never thought modeling would become my career. I thought it was something I'd do to pay my way through college.
The desert loves me. I love the desert. It's nice to be in the heat in Africa. I love it.
Prenatal care is one of the most effective ways to reduce maternal mortality because it identifies complications or high risks before emergency situations.
It is important for me that I represent a brand that reflects my personality.
There's a saying in Africa: 'To find out you are pregnant is to have one foot in the grave.'
It's always a tricky thing, trying to make aid sustainable.
I've been told the best way to make a sexy face is to say 'pruuune.'
It's one thing to donate money. It's a whole other thing to give an opportunity for someone to make his own money.
When I see Lemlem walking around New York City, it's just mind-boggling, because I know it came from this one man sitting and weaving this little product.
I think, first of all, every time you want to play somebody who is real is always challenging and always scary, because you are given a responsibility of someone's real life.
The world needs our mothers.
I am always touched when friends make contributions to my foundation on my behalf.
I'm a mom. I'm from Ethiopia. I gave birth in the U.S. and had all the proper care available to me. If I had given birth in Ethiopia - I don't know if I might have even survived it.
Creative new health strategies like micro-insurance for poor people or Kangaroo care for pre-term babies are transforming health outcomes in even the most low-resource settings. Dedication and innovation are transforming health care worldwide.
I can contribute, be valuable, and grow in many ways, since my interests are so varied. That is very satisfying.
For my diet, I choose mostly organic. But in general, I am a big believer in trying to strike a balance with everything.
I tend to gravitate toward Proenza Schouler and Alexander Wang. Their designs are accessible and easy.
