Italian,Model
Be yourself, whatever it is. Even if it's scary.
I cover my shyness by being exactly the opposite. You know, really loud and very Italian. I am an extremely insecure and fragile person, and only the people that really know me know that. But I push myself.
I'm not the most beautiful one of my family.
Modeling now is more about who I am rather than becoming someone else. I'm more brazen with what I do. I feel very comfortable in my shoes. I pick and choose what I want.
Unfortunately, I have a child who doesn't sleep.
I'm not the most beautiful model in the industry, but I am for sure one of the most 'fashion' creatures you can find!
If you're too much in control, you feel too secure in your shoes, and where's the emotion to keep going in life? To keep that spark going, you have to feel like an outsider.
I'm never nervous around anyone, which I think is a real key to my success. I was never nervous around anyone!
One day, when this modeling thing is over for me and I don't enjoy it anymore, I'm just gonna be gone! You know? I'm not here for fame or money. I'm not going to stick around and pretend everything is cool if I'm over it. When it's done, I'm out. Ciao.
I eat like a child! Oh my God. It's terrible. My child eats way healthier than me! She loves the veggies. She doesn't like packaged sweets.
I will eat everything. Cheese. Mac and cheese. Anything and cheese. I love that stuff.
My mom always told me, 'You're very smart; you're very funny.' She never told me, 'You're very beautiful.'
I've traveled three times a week for work for years.
I really believe that switching products is important, especially for skin. I'm switching from day to day. If I'm tired, if my skin is dry, if I have a pimple, if my hair has been overworked, I will do something different.
In modeling, I had to learn to like myself, to love myself, to feel comfortable.
People like me, like Karen Elson and Soo Joo, we're a very specific woman with a very specific look. I think that's also why we last longer. There's no one else like us.
I only want to be myself.
I grew up with a saying: 'It doesn't matter what you wear or where you go, but your hair always has to be brushed.' So in Italy, we come from that kind of culture - where how you present yourself is important.
Everybody knows I wear a lot of black. When I pack, my whole bag is nothing but black, but sometimes, I have, like, a few pieces that are white, but it's rare.
When it comes to my style, I'm a proper Italian woman of the modern age!
You would never see anyone go to a restaurant in Milan wearing a jumpsuit!
My mum, she has a very specific way of mixing bourgeois and hippie. She doesn't wear a lot of make-up, but she always has to wear glasses, and she has this huge collection of glasses. And no rules.
If there was a blacker color than black, I would wear it.
Fashion is a big game of interpretation; I simply try to enjoy myself as much as possible.
