American,Model
All girls like guys who are tough. Obviously, riding a motorcycle - I don't want to say that there's a bad boy quality - but there's definitely a tough and macho thing about a guy who rides a motorcycles and that element of danger. That's really sexy.
Working out is not a luxury, it's a necessity.
I eat mostly organic, but I love macaroni and cheese, Mexican food, and egg-and-cheese croissants. So when I indulge, I eat protein and veggies for the rest of the day. It really is all about moderation and balance.
I love rock and roll. Sometimes I feel like I was born in the wrong decade because I love Led Zeppelin and Jimi Hendrix and... those are my bands.
I'm definitely aware that the physical appearance is a very temporary gift. I'm very thankful for the opportunities that I've been able to experience, but I keep it all in check and don't let it consume me.
I'm very down-to-earth and approachable, and I can be one of the guys and watch sports... I like to cook - I'm like the girl next door.
I always felt, even before I got pregnant, that it's better to accentuate your curves. A lot of women try to tuck their butt in or kind of slouch because they're trying to hide. Obviously, you can't suck it in, but it's important to really show off the belly.
I think California has some very good looking women... I know Stephanie Seymour is from San Diego, and I know Josie Maran - who's my very good friend - she's from Northern California. So I think California produces some good looking women, for sure.
The food and drink that goes along with football is one of the best things: hamburgers, hotdogs, chips and dips. At the stadium I would probably get nachos, but when I'm at home we order pizza a lot.
I loved my second trimester! I didn't feel sick anymore and had more energy. My bloated belly turned into a baby bump, and I definitely looked pregnant. That was a relief because when I was around 4.5 months, you could see people having this inner monologue with themselves, wondering if I ate too much pizza or if I was pregnant.
I'm from Santa Cruz in Northern California, and the 49ers were my dad and I's bonding time.
I think there's a stereotype of what a biker is, and I think that's one of the reasons people are shocked when they find out that I ride. I've been trying to break down the stereotypes and inspire new riders.
Enjoy the moment and appreciate what you have.
Leather is always sexy, and you have to wear leather when you ride a bike. It's more for protection, but it also gets you some style points, I think.
I think my appeal is that I've always tried to stay very grounded to my fans and to be accessible - not being this unattainable thing. I think doing sports and riding motorcycles has made me more approachable and more real and down to earth.
I have to have music playing constantly. It creates the tone and mood for anything you are doing. I specifically love rock, and Jimi Hendrix is one of my favorite artists. My favorite song is 'Red House,' because it's heavy on the blues.
You have to get over being shy, and just be comfortable with yourself, and I think that for me, if I'd stayed in a small town, I'd be a different person.
I'd say I was a tomboy... I took wood shop in high school and I was very into volleyball and football, and was very unaware of anything girly for a long time.
Surfing is definitely something I used to do a lot more before I was working, but I know the waves will always be there, and it's something that, when I'm not traveling as much, I'll definitely get back into.
Who isn't a fan of Jeff Bridges? And he is such a unique character. I can't think of anybody who's quite like him. He was a lot of fun to be around, just personally.
When I found out I was pregnant, the first thing that had to go was the acne medicine and chemical-filled face washes and lotions. I made sure everything was natural and organic, and I started reading blogs by other pregnant women.
I'd heard that swimming feels so good when you're pregnant, and I love being in the ocean. I was even paddle boarding up until 17 weeks, but then my center of gravity and balance were completely off.
I had been asked to start going out for roles here and there throughout my career, but I know that acting is a hard thing; it takes a lot of work, and I was traveling. I didn't have the time to really focus on it, so I really waited for the right project to come along.
For acting, if there's a strong female role and there is that action element, for me that just feels really natural.
I think you're kind of seeing the real me as far as seeing what I post on social media, because I am very much into cooking, and my dogs, and obviously my son, and my lifestyle in Santa Cruz is very laid-back.
I really wanted to be as healthy as I could. It wasn't about getting my six-pack back. There are more important things in life than a six-pack, I realized. It was just so much more important to take care of my baby and take care of myself in a healthy way; so now, it's been a slow process, but I'm back in shape.
I box a lot, I spin and I surf. I try to mix it up. I obviously have to be in shape 24 hours and the gym can be super monotonous, so I just get outside and try to make it fun so my body doesn't get bored.
I don't know why, but it means a lot to get a compliment from a woman.
I think it's so important just to have confidence in your body. Everyone knows that confidence is sexy, and it's knowing your assets, your strengths, and just playing those up.
