British,Model
My features are completely ethnic.
Am I bossy? Absolutely. I don't like to lose, and if I'm told 'no,' then I find another way to get my 'yes.' But I'm a loyal person.
Anger is a manifestation of a deeper issue... and that, for me, is based on insecurity, self-esteem and loneliness.
I don't think I was born beautiful. I just think I was born me.
I don't always wear underwear. When I'm in the heat, especially, I can't wear it. Like, if I'm wearing a flower dress, why do I have to wear underwear?
I live my life day by day, and that's how I continue to live it.
Look, you have to make mistakes. That's how you learn and that's how the world works.
I work very hard and I'm worth every cent.
Everyone has a temper. A temper is an emotion.
I love England, especially the food. There's nothing I like more than a lovely bowl of pasta.
I don't worry about a number. I'm fine with aging.
I make a lot of money and I'm worth every cent.
Well, in brief, I was discovered by a lady called Beth Boldt. She had also been a model. She used to take pictures of the girls she found, and she took a picture of me one day in my school uniform, and it all kind of started from there.
It's a new challenge to see how people can change your look. I like words like transformation, reinvention, and chameleon. Because one word I don't like is predictable.
I'm always trying to do the impossible to please people. It comes from not being secure in myself and not looking at the things within I have to fix. Sometimes you keep going because you don't want to face the truth.
I loved watching so many of the great designers I've worked with do what they do. That's why I'm still loyal to the designers that I've known since I was 16.
I make a lot of money, but I don't want to talk about that.
When I started out modeling, there weren't casting directors and there weren't stylists, so you just dealt directly with the designer. We were all much closer back then.
When I first got Yves Saint Laurent Couture, I didn't know how to take off a cape. I would ask Katoucha and Dalma - the real divas of the runway - 'Can you show me?' I've never been afraid to ask for help.
I'm very observant and very instinctive. In life, you have to have the vulnerability to accept when you are to blame. And I do have that, and I am open enough to say it.
Feeling passionate about something doesn't mean you have to be angry.
The chocolate and crisps come in at times. You have to allow the little things that make you happy. I'm not extreme about what I eat.
The worst was when my skirt fell down to my ankles, but I had on thick tights underneath.
After Versace was murdered, the first person to call me was Mandela.
Children are our future we must take care of them with maximum effort.
I cannot drink or do anything that changes the mind.
