English,Model
For me, I've always found people who stand up and spritz themselves all over their clothes very odd. I'm a big bath addict, and I get up in the morning, and I have a big bath. But when I get out, and I'm still hot but fresh out of the bath, that's when I apply scent. I just have it on my bare skin; I never apply it to my clothes.
I'm such a bikini girl. Generally, I like to be as half-naked as I possibly can.
I always find it difficult to dress in between seasons, but I quite like putting T-shirts on with a vest over the top and another layer so you can peel them back as the day goes on.
I don't understand women who don't encourage each other. I think compliments and showing affection are really important, too. Women don't do that enough, and it's so essential because even if you're shy about giving a compliment, it's good energy; it's uplifting.
I'm obsessed with Jo Malone oils. I think they're so beautiful; they're exquisite. But it's not just the oils; I'm obsessed with their packaging. The beautiful glass bottles that you keep on the side of the bath - they're almost iconic.
It would be ridiculous for me to say I am unlucky, but, like any other family and any other girl, I've had my ups and downs.
You could say I'm a bit of a nomad.
Accessories are key - nothing beats a cool Panama hat or statement shades - look to Maison Michel or Miu Miu for inspiration.
I love the characters you can build upon when you wear different things. You know, sometimes, I'll want to be girly and wear tulle on a Tuesday, and sometimes I wanna be like Kim Kardashian and wear black leather head-to-toe.
A little bit of sun does wonders! With good protection, of course. Vitamin D is just so good for your hair and your nails. I also love coconut water and coconut oil from Whole Foods. It's amazing. You can cook with it, shower with it... you come out of the shower like a slippery seal, but it works.
I will never have anything that is remotely technical near my bath time. I completely zone out and stare up at the ceiling. For me, it's like a form of meditation. It's a time where I can just actually turn off.
One of my favourite scents in the world is the 'Brown' candle from Hotel Costes in Paris. It smells like naughty nights in corners of clubs.
Attack your lashes with the wand. I think there's nothing wrong with doing that.
She is such a doer, Cara - she is so ambitious. She has always known what she wants, and she's a hustler. Sometimes I call her, and I'm like, 'You need to help me hustle,' and she is like, 'Come on!'
I love all girl squads. I'm all for, like, girl power and friendship, and I'm all about that.
All I ever wanted was to be a sexy bride, and actually, I think I've turned into a romantic bride.
We have all learned that addiction and mental illnesses are illnesses, and I think a lot of people overlook that it is a chemical imbalance; it's like cancer, a sickness, and people need to see it as that.
I think the first outfit that really kick-started my relationship with Chanel means a lot to me: it was a black, sort of Studio 54-inspired jumpsuit with gold stars all over it, and I wore that, and that's how my relationship with Chanel began, so, you know, it has sentimental value.
Sometimes when I need something really nourishing, I'll use the Creme de la Mer night cream - it leaves my skin looking beautiful. I don't go too far on my make-up because I have to wear it so often for work, so I'm quite low key.
I love maxi dresses, I feel so great when I put on a maxi dress, big earrings and sandals.
I have a lot of energy. Energy's a very huge thing in our family. None of us need caffeine; we're just high-energy people.
I'm actually rubbish at selfies. I always feel a bit ridiculous doing it unless I'm with a bunch of friends, where I'll usually stand at the back with a huge grin on my face!
Cara, ever since you told me at the age of four that you wanted to be Claudia Schiffer, while you were naked in the bath with a sponge on your head, I knew you were destined for great things.
Coconut oil. I rub it through my hair, all over my skin, all over my body. Natural's the better way to go.
When I was a teenager, I was obsessed with black eyeliner all around the eye, but for someone with my kind of skin tone and hair colour, using brown is actually better than black. I've also learnt from makeup artists how to apply lipstick in the correct way: by starting with the Cupid's bow first and working your way around.
I love novelty workout pants. It means my workout kit is really bright and vibrant and out there.
I'd rather rule the world now than be prime minister.
When I was at school, I auditioned for the school play as Queen Gertrude, and I fell in love with it there and then.
Having a Mary Poppins-themed birthday party when I was 5 - all my friends went in dresses, and I went as a chimney sweep. I was a real tomboy.
'The Five People You Meet in Heaven' by Mitch Albom - I read it in eight hours and blubbed my eyes out when it finished. I've thought about the story every day since.
I love working with Chanel, and long may it reign, to be honest. I hope it lasts forever.
Wear things that make you happy because, I think, that really shines through. If you feel uncomfortable in something, then I don't think it ever really works.
My style is a little more thought out, in a way, but I guess it's eclectic at the same time. I wouldn't be able to describe my style, because it changes on a day-to-day basis, depending on what sort of mood I'm in.
I'm all about people that appreciate, that are grateful, that smile, that have a sense of humour - the dirtier the laugh, the better- that's my kind of vibe... and I hope that's the kind of thing that I attract.
I feel - as I'm edging to my thirties, I feel like a stronger person and a more confident person.
Both my grandmother and mother used to wear the Red Roses cologne, and when I was 21 or 22, I smelled the same scent on a friend of mine.
Pubs would be number one. And black cabs and cabbies - moody cabbies always crack me up. And the other thing I love is the parks: the parks around London don't get enough airtime - I think they're sensational, and when spring hits, the first thing I'll do is go to the park.
I'm a real bath addict. I could sit in a bath and soak for days on end, and you'll never see me again. It's my easiest, nicest thing. So if you're giving me something extra to do, an extra step to make bathtime last longer, then I'll do it.
The smell of cigars reminds me of someone I used to know, and it just always brings me back. I love it; I find something very comforting about it.
Having hibernation weekends where I just sleep for hours on end. Working out when you have those spare moments. All of that is very important.
If I'm in America... I will track down the nearest Soul Cycle, wherever that is, and I'll just power through on a bike for 45 minutes.
When I'm in the U.K., I have a personal trainer who is wonderful, and she's hard-core and makes sure I get up in the morning and go.
I absolutely love Sisley moisturising cream, which I use every morning; it also provides a great base for make-up, and I adore Laura Mercier tinted moisturiser for an overall finish.
I love anything by Sisley for face and Lancaster for body.
I always have an item in mind that I want to wear; then, the next day, I put it on, and I love the 20-minute rush of frantically tearing clothes out of my wardrobe to go with it. And I honestly feel that's the best way to do it; there's no method to my fashion madness so to speak.
I don't have a set way of dressing or a uniform, though I kind of wish I did. But then again, I also love that I can be any sort of character I want - that's a little bit of the actress coming out of me.
When you grow up, you think everything you own is going to be designer. Not true. Most of the stuff I own is high-street. I love mixing it up; it's so beautifully made nowadays, and the quality is of such a high standard, and let's be honest: everybody loves a bargain.
I like my social media space to be somewhere very positive... I like to just be able to just share any images they see, or a piece of art or an item of clothing, and get to share that with the world.
I eat meat, dairy, and tons of fruits and vegetables, but I could also have pasta for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Basically, I'm a massive foodie who eats everything in moderation.
When traveling, I like Urth Caffe in L.A. for eggs Benedict with prosciutto or Balthazar in New York, where I order duck shepherd's pie.
I'm lucky to have a fast metabolism, so I haven't had to exercise much.
I shampoo and condition with Kerastase products but rarely brush it because I'm all about the Kate Moss bed-head look.
I'm pretty adventurous - the more wacky, the better! Sometimes I'll want to look chic, but lots of the time, I'll wear really mad colours and patterns, as it's just more fun.
I'm a bit of a bed head: I'm always running around with no make-up on and my hair in a mess, but my nails are one thing I do love to keep looking nice, so it's rare to see me without it.
I love make-up so much, but I'm a bit rubbish at skincare; I'm really disloyal and never stick to one thing.
I've worked with Nails Inc. for years, and it's been a joy. I love their products. I have two baskets of Nails Inc. polishes upside down to read the names, colour coded.
This is going to make me sound really weird and stalkery, but I've bought the aftershaves of all my ex-boyfriends. Sometimes I like to smell them and be like 'aah, that's Charlie... aah that's Dan'.
Cara's always been a real tomboy. She was never really that into makeup. She's very quick at it.
I've been wearing Red Roses since I was 22. Jo Malone London is woven into the fabric of my life, and I couldn't be happier to be working with a brand I love so much.
My first fragrance as a kid was Tommy Girl. It was amazing. Wasn't it the thing to wear? And then I remember I stopped wearing it because it was literally like the whole classroom was filled with Tommy Girl.
Look after yourself, get rest, get a facial, get a hair treatment, eat really well, work out, get a personal trainer. And that's really the key: to take care of yourself and not burn out.
I'm all about a big lash. I love a good mascara. I use Tom Ford lipsticks. I think he has the most vibrant colours, especially pink or orange or vampish reds, and that's about it.
I wash my face with Creme de la Mer cleansing foam. I love Charlotte Tilbury Magic Cream - it's got SPF15 in it, which I love - and then I'll use a little eye cream by Sisley, which I'm obsessed with. That's what I generally use every day.
I've always worn Superdry. It's a British brand, of course, and it's my go-to festival brand.
My grandmother used to really love fashion, and she always had Chanel No. 5 on her dressing table, and Chanel bags. That's when I really started falling in love with the brand and fashion in general.
Once, I tried to channel my inner Pocahontas and wore a lot of Navajo prints, a lot of beige, fringe, and suede... I wish I hadn't done that.
Two of my favourite products for a quick-fix are lipstick and mascara. I think with lipstick, brighter is better.
I'm quite into fitness, and I have a fantastic personal trainer who knows me, knows my body, knows when to push me, and knows when not to push me. She doesn't make me do 20 burpees in a row and instead focuses on strengthening my core, telling me we need to focus on making me into 'a tall giraffe'!
Big Anya bag - perfect for stuffing papers in for the plane; Ray Bans - in any shape, I'm hooked!
Mango has always been on my radar of good high street brands, but its quality sets it apart for me.
I'm a healthy eater. In the morning, I'll have hot water and lemon, then scrambled eggs. I eat spelt or rye bread, not wheat, and have lots of veg and salad.
I'm bonkers about juicing. I got into it when I lived in L.A. - I'd juice three times a day.
I always wear Nike trainers and love a hoodie. I have a big black and gold one from Adidas that I'm obsessed with.
Topshop is the best. I don't know how I'd live without it. Most of my clothes are from there.
I only travel with one suitcase - Mulberry does an incredible one. I always check it; the TSA restrictions are so tricky.
As soon as I get on the plane, I go straight to the bathroom and give myself a little minifacial. MV Organic Skincare does a rose oil spray that is absolutely gorgeous and amazing.
I never dress up too much on holiday, but I do spend money on good sandals from labels like Aquazzura.
When it comes to work, I'm not competitive at all. Having Cara as my baby, I had to learn quite quickly that I couldn't be competitive because I had a sister who meant more to me. And I knew she was going to be brilliant, so I had to become very aware of not comparing.
I always pack lots of loose linen shirts and denim cut offs, Converse, vintage Reformation sun dresses, gold jewellery, and statement shades. Plus a trunk full of swimwear, of course.
The whole working-in-an-office thing was a dream for me - I never get to do it! I'm secretly very organised and obsessed with stationery, especially staplers and post-its, which I know is a little weird.
MRP offer a fun retail experience, and that's the way the Aussies are. They are so fashionable and on-trend.
