Portuguese,Model
You can achieve anything you put your mind and hard work to.
When posing in lingerie, I suck everything in and pop my hip out a little bit. If you lie on your side and draw one knee in a bit, it makes you look more curvalicious.
When it comes to beauty, I feel that hanging with people you love, laughing, and doing silly things gets your spirits up. We are always prettier when we are happier.
I grew up with a Mediterranean diet, so I like clean, simple food. But if there's pizza on a menu, I always end up ordering it. I can't resist it.
In Porto, you have to eat francesinha. Translated, it means 'little French girl.' It's this sandwich of bread, ham, and a lot of beef sausage or other meats. Then you put melted cheese on the top. The special thing about it is the sauce. Each house makes a special secret sauce, and it's usually a bit spicy.
I'm very lazy when it comes to taking care of my underwear. I should hand wash it all, but I can't be bothered. So instead, I keep ruining stuff by putting it in the washing machine.
If I do something, I want to be the best. And one of the best things you can be is a Victoria's Secret Angel; for me, that's always been a goal.
I grew up in Portugal, and people there party 'til 7 or 8 in the morning there.
I think my first album was a gift for my birthday and a Faith Hill album; I loved her.
My favorite nights out are the most random ones - when they start at a bowling alley and end up someplace you don't even know where. Those are my favorite - the most random ones that you don't plan, when you meet up with friends, and you're supposed to do something and end up doing something else.
Try to be the best version of yourself.
I've always had very high aims for my life and for my career, for anything that I do.
At the end of the day, we came into the world naked, and that's the way we're going to go.
I moisturise a lot. I use Victoria Secret's hydrating body lotion.
I try to work out twice a week. I don't restrict myself from any food in my diet; I think it's all about balance. I'm also very lucky with my genetics and metabolism.
I must have, like, four different types of lip moisturizer in my bag!
For me, a snack is supposed to be unhealthy! I like having chips or popcorn when I'm on set.
I try and avoid cardio because it makes me lose a lot of weight. Instead, I do resistance training, model fit workouts, and ballet.
When we go somewhere, my dad will start shouting my name very loudly. He'll yell, 'Oh, my God, it's Sara Sampaio!' My brother does the same.
Everything I do lands in the newspapers.
I am not really into paintings, to be honest, but for me, the art I love is when I see singers putting their heart into their song, actors giving the performance of their lives, and books and movies that make me feel something I never thought I could; there's art in everything as long as it's made with soul.
There aren't a lot of Portuguese models, so everyone always expects me to be Brazilian because of my features, sometimes even American, as I have a slight American accent when I speak English.
I've always loved English and loved English music and TV shows.
In New York, I am barely recognised, or people don't really care. When I go to Portugal, I go outside to a public place and am recognised constantly.
Lisbon is incredibly beautiful.
I find most of the things I've done through the Internet. I'm like, 'Oh, that's how that turned out! I look good!'
It comes down to balance when consuming food - I'll eat burgers, pizza, candy, and then I'll balance it out with fruit, salad, fish... and of course I work out.
Being in shape is part of my job, so I try to work out twice a week.
I think it's very important that girls see themselves as a brand - they have to go after what they want and be ready to work very hard.
Wheat makes my stomach very bloated. Sugar is horrible for my skin, but I love it.
I can never finish a burger, and even if it's just a millimetre, I'll leave it. I don't know why I can't finish it. I don't know if it is physiological, but I just feel like I'm full halfway through it.
When I eat out, I tend to go for the things I like instead of the things I need.
I try to cook more now so I can control my diet and what I ingest.
I tan very easily. I always wear SPF50+ sun cream; however, I still go very dark brown.
Everybody's skin is different, so you need to find products that work for your skin type. I use a lot of facial oils, as mine can get very dry.
Australia's a place I've always wanted to visit because of the beautiful beaches. I am surprised by how cosmopolitan the cities are; it wasn't what I expected.
You can't spend three hours at a gym and then go eat everything.
I lived in Paris for about nine months. It was an experience.
I love Paris, but it's not a city I would like to live in. It's one of my favorite cities but just in small doses.
I can speak English, Portuguese, and a bit of Spanish, or Sportugal. It's a mix of Portuguese and Spanish. I understand French and Italian, but I can't speak them.
I've been very obsessed with 'The Royals.' It's not going to win any Oscars or Golden Globes or whatever, but I really, really enjoy it.
It's very important to feel good, but I know it's hard sometimes to look in the mirror.
I think it's important to try to find the positives. Then, look at the things that you don't like and see if you can change them or not.
I don't have a lot of curves, and I'm very skinny, so I always feel like I have to fake my curves a little bit.
I tend to curve my back or pop my hip on the side. I always like to turn a little bit profile, and if you put one of your knees in, it also gives the illusion of more curves. There are a lot of tricks - you learn on the job sometimes.
When I started modeling, I didn't know anything about fashion, but I'd watched the Victoria's Secret show.
I really don't think we should label models as 'plus' or 'runway.'
Models are people. A lot of people like to make us some species that are not human; we are normal people.
There is makeup, there is hair, and there is the perfect light. There is a whole team that gets you to get that perfect picture. It's a fantasy.
