Australian,Actress
Something I've noticed as I get older is that I do think about the future more. It's all positive thinking.
I live a normal life.
I think as a child you know when it's time for your parents to split. You realise they love each other, but they're not in love with each other. And I think as a child it's much better for your parents to split than for them to stay and have dysfunction within the family.
I'm a vegetarian and very much active in regards to how I feel about animal rights and protecting animals and giving animals a voice. But at the same time, I appreciate and respect other people's decisions to eat meat. The only thing that I hope is that people are educated, that they're aware, that they're living a conscious lifestyle.
I love love stories, no matter how dark.
I used to paint a lot of oil and now I paint more mixed-media stuff.
I think it's really important to live in the moment.
I've been rapping since I was 18 years old, with a crew called Blades.
I play the keyboard, piano - I like making beats.
Whenever I am acting, it's everything, you know. If I'm researching a role, I'm completely consumed in that and, between action and cut, I live in this suspended time.
I'm portable. I carry a laptop and a little recording studio on my back.
I'm a fan of Bradley Cooper's.
I didn't actually know what a vegetarian was until I was 13 years old. I know in this day and age it's hard to believe that, but I think because I grew up on a farm, I wasn't indulged in magazines, newspapers, Internet, television. And so, for some reason, I was never exposed to what a vegetarian was.
I didn't go to the cinemas a lot as a kid.
When I step into a character's shoes, I don't judge them. I make a conscious effort not to look from the outside in but look from the inside out, and when you do that it allows you to feel and sense things more, and act and react from a core, you know?
When I was a teenager, me and a couple of my friends entered a couple of modeling competitions just for fun, and one of those got me an agent in Sydney.
I'm always writing lyrics. I have so many lyrics on so many stray pieces of paper. Everywhere.
I got into DJing and making beats when I was about 17. I was always fascinated by the four elements of hip-hop: you know, writing, rhyming, breakdancing and graffiti.
I'm one of five kids and we lived on a massive farm in New South Wales with my mum and dad.
My mum is an artist and very into creative expression and freedom.
I'm pretty unusual for an actress in Hollywood because I am totally unselfconscious about my body.
I'm very passionate.
I had an amazing childhood.
Growing up on a farm was the best. I remember loving that expanse of space. The sky at night was so clear, I could see every star.
I don't see the point in working just to be working.
Playing different characters in different films helps keep you excited about what you do. It always seems like a whole new adventure.
