American,Actress
My ideal date would involve a park or rowing in those little boats on a lake.
The problem of sexism is getting better, but I don't know if it's getting better fast enough. We see more roles for women that don't entirely revolve around the way in which they function in a man's life, but typically those women are almost always white, and even then, there are only a few of them.
If I had a free afternoon, I would play music, sit in my backyard, and drink coffee.
To relax, I love sitting back and turning my brain off and watching TV.
There are people who do what they believe is right, but as they say, 'The road to hell is paved with good intentions.'
I've been trying to eat healthier, but sometimes it doesn't work out when you're sitting in front of the TV drinking wine, and you realize you really need ice cream to go along with it.
Create something for yourself that you feel proud of, that you are in control of, that gives you a better understanding of the type of artist you want to be.
I've never given my phone number to someone on the street, but when someone is a gentleman, I appreciate the compliments.
Not everyone's high standards have to be the same thing.
A man should be well groomed. If you're going to have facial hair, it should be a choice, not an accident.
We all have our family issues from time to time.
I think it's well-known that I love all things ABC and Shonda Rhimes - I'm a huge 'Scandal' and 'Grey's Anatomy' fan.
Not to say there's not good TV out there, but I think TV is better when it accurately reflects the world as it is.
TV is such a great medium in what it can do in terms of enlightening an audience. We can really inspire and teach people about other people. That's a powerful tool, and that's something that the arts has always been capable of doing.
Back when people couldn't read, other people would take newspapers and turn them into theater so that people would know what was going on in the world. That is a powerful thing.
I really care about people, and I would need someone to also genuinely value other human beings and want to be connected with people in the world and to know about other cultures. That might not be a high standard for someone else, but for me, it's really important to try and stick to that.
I can be just a touch controlling!
Words can't describe how one would feel in that moment after doing a test for something you really want but in your heart you don't think you have a chance of getting.
I love the powerful woman who's complicated. There's no push to be one thing or another thing. It's all human. That's what you look for as an actor: characters written and portrayed in the most human way possible.
I've been performing since I was a child; my mother would have to pull me aside and tell me that I wasn't onstage. I was a cheerleader, president of choir, and in the school play.
Diversity is such an interesting word. I feel like when people hear the word 'diversity,' they think that it means only people of color, when in reality, diversity is all-inclusive; it means everyone.
A man can get my attention by smiling at me and then coming over and talking to me. The best way to get a girl's attention is to start a conversation.
I have a girl crush on Olivia Munn so much, especially on 'Newsroom.' And Cara Delevingne, but who doesn't love her face? Viola Davis is my acting crush.
I thought I was going to be on Broadway. I thought, 'I'm going to do theater.'
When you do a play, you have all this time to rehearse and grow into the character. In television, even though you're waiting and waiting and waiting, once you're actually on set engaging in the scene with another actor, time is of the essence.
Sometimes as human beings, we're so contradictory - we may say something or do something and completely contradict ourselves. That's what I'm learning to embrace in television - not knowing what's going to happen.
If all we remember are good things, then happiness is our baseline, and there's no longer happiness. We need other feelings in order to appreciate others.
If you ask two people to remember a specific event, the stories are going to vary wildly because we always make ourselves out to be the hero.
Strength doesn't mean an absence of pain.
It's such a big deal, the notion that these enslaved Africans had marriages and children... because therein lies our humanity, our capacity for love.
When I was younger, my mother tried to get me an agent because I was always singing and dancing, but whenever she took me to an audition, I would just shut down.
By high school, I was telling everyone, 'Oh, I'm going to be a doctor when I grow up,' because my dad was always saying to me, 'Pick a career path where you're always going to be necessary.' But by junior year, I was president of choir, I was the lead in the school play, and I just loved being onstage performing.
I majored in theater, so I'd love to get back on a stage.
I'm at a place where I want to have fun. I want to be challenged. I want to love the people I work with and continue to appreciate being in the position to work and play and explore.
I'm a little bit of a control freak, so it's been nice to learn to let go and just trust others.
You don't know what's gonna happen, so you can't really plan: you can only go with it.
Television has embraced so much in terms of storytelling and in terms of a wide array of characters conveying stories from different points of view.
