American,Actress
The cars we drive say a lot about us.
Electric cars aren't pollution-free; they have to get their energy from somewhere.
The human overpopulation issue is the topic I see as the most vital to solve if our children and grandchildren are to have a good quality of life.
For me, going vegan was an ethical and environmental decision. I'm doing the right thing by the animals.
If the whole world went vegan, there would be less war. How you eat determines your mood and your outlook on life.
I don't always buy organic food. It is more expensive.
I really believe in non-violence, but I also believe in a short of resistance that has to be respectful.
I don't wear leather, wool, or silk.
There is a reason it is called fossil fuel-it is an outdated method of getting power.
I don't think I miss anything by not watching television.
I've always preferred food be on the blander side.
I'm very out of style... or I should say I have my own style.
Women have this obsession with shoes.
I'm trying to practice owning less stuff.
I'm very much a lead by example person.
I loved doing Baywatch. It was so much fun!
I'm not particularly impressed with going 50 miles per gallon. That doesn't impress me when we can go to the moon.
When the Exxon Valdez spilled in 1989, I was angry. I even wrote on the back of my car, Boycott Exxon!
I had never been able to get a car that said how much I cared about the environment until I drove electric.
I know I'm an actor, but I'm not at all a believer in people watching a lot of TV. I've never had television in my home.
The big companies and their short-term bottom line rule this country.
Power, as in the power structure, is why we are still using gas in cars.
Meat is an inefficient way to eat. An acre of land can yield 20,000 pounds of potatoes, but that same acre would only graze enough cows to get 165 pounds of meat.
Unless everyone grasps the importance of having only two children per couple, wars won't be over just oil anymore, they will be over water and food.
The only way people are going to change their car buying habits, and the only way government will get behind alternatively fueled vehicles, is if gasoline prices continue to go up.
I really haven't been cognitive of gas prices. It wasn't until I filled up my husband's Toyota Prius Hybrid that I had a moment of understanding of how people who drive gas cars feel.
