British,Actress
Whatever you do, do with determination. You have one life to live; do your work with passion and give your best. Whether you want to be a chef, doctor, actor, or a mother, be passionate to get the best result.
My dad is too cute. Every morning, he sends me one motivational quote. I have a folder full of all his quotes.
I think the success that I have is due to hard work and destiny. It is important to stay grounded and not take things for granted.
For me, changing my physical appearance for a character is never a problem. If I have to look a certain way for a role, I just do it.
I think my confidence stems from my honesty. I'm brutally honest - about everything and even myself. I tell it as I think it. I'm not politically correct. I'm definitely not diplomatic. I get bashed up for what I say, but I don't know any other way.
I think your first gut feeling is the correct feeling.
The photographers are always around. Wherever I go, they start clicking incessantly. I am always like, 'At least give me a heads-up, as, many times, I look so disheveled. What will people think?'
When life partner happens, I hope he is not a youth icon then because I doubt even I would be youthful then. Whether life partner is hot or not, that doesn't matter. He has to be a nice man. He should be funny, responsible, and he should be sweet, and he should love me a lot.
I am expressive but secretive about my emotions.
We are not a typical family that goes for a movie on Sunday or has dinner together every night. But we are strong as the Great Wall of China. Nothing can stop us from supporting one another and enduring each other's pain as well.
I don't mind sitting at home for six months if there's no film that I want to do.
I don't know how to measure success. I have been fortunate that I got exciting films to do and work with talented directors who brought out the best in me.
I prefer 'cooling foods' for the summer - lots of fruits like watermelons, a few strands of kesar with raisins that have been soaked overnight, and lots of coconut water. Dinner is usually dahi chawal. I am a big foodie, so depending on my cravings, I indulge - maybe pasta or risotto.
A role needs a certain tone, so your own tone also changes. It's not like I lock myself up in a room to get into the zone. It is based on what I am feeling, because the minute you try too much, weird things happen. Of course, for an intense role you need some silence, and you need to do a lot of thinking.
There should be an app or service that comes and packs your bag for you so you don't have to do it. A real-life Siri.
Our films are changing so people across the world can see them - when 'Highway' premiered at the Berlin Film Festival, a Polish lady said to me, 'It has a strong message for women.' So it's good to know our films are connecting universally.
Whenever you do a film for the wrong reasons, it may or it may not pan out. Sometimes people do it because it is a good move or the right move. I don't know; maybe one day I will do a film for the wrong reasons, and it will work for me.
I only think about the choices I want to make and act responsibly - not say or do stupid things, like break the law or get caught doing stupid things.
Smell is something that attracts me instantly. So if the guy smells nice, there is an instant attraction.
I use only men's perfumes. I change my perfumes every month.
Every month, every week, something new excites me. I'm finding my niche as to what suits me the best. I am a young girl, and if I am just running around in a jeans and a T-shirt, that's a lot of life lost.
A romantic date for me is sitting in pajamas and being with a guy with whom I can be myself.
I am a very private person. I don't like to talk about things till someone asks about them.
I will tell my best friends who I'm attracted to, but I'm not going to talk about it in a newspaper... It has nothing to do with my work.
I am excited to work with Vikas. Whenever I tell people that I am doing a film with director of 'Queen,' they are like, 'Wow, good for you.' That makes me feel really good, and I feel fortunate to be the chosen one.
You just have to ensure that you make good films because audiences today have become picky and smart, and rightfully so.
I believe when things are going well, there's pressure, and when things are going bad, there's pressure. The pressure is more on the outside than inside.
In reality, I'm very restless, and I get bored very easily. It's the same with my career: I need to outperform myself with every film.
It's not that we go around the set thinking, 'Oh, today we are going to kiss, so let's enjoy'. It's not that. It's acting. If it's important for the script, so be it.
My parents keep telling me to be thick-skinned in the industry. They tell me how people will put you up on a high platform and then bring you down. They also tell me to not believe in the image created by the hype.
There are times I try to look older. And then there are times I look too young.
Competitive feeling means you want do do good work. You can't lie about wanting to be on top. There is no reason for me to be insecure at this time. I would be insecure if I was sitting at home doing nothing, but I am in films now, and that's where I always wanted to be.
I always wanted to act, but it was not because of the influence of my family. I just wanted to act since I was four! I used to watch a lot of movies. One of the things that attracted me were the songs picturised on 'Govinda' and Karisma Kapoor, who would dance in the middle of the street!
Why should I crowd the world with my opinions? Live and let live. That's it. Let people have their own opinions, and you just keep yours to yourself. There are too many opinions - some unnecessary, some great, some ridiculously stupid - so I think I rather not say anything and keep my opinions to myself.
I am very happy to be working with so many talented directors and writers, who are penning scripts that are interesting for me.
Whenever I see a mirror, I just look at myself, or when I see my own reflection, I quickly take a look; I won't lie about that. But when I am in front of the camera, it's just the character, not me.
I have my way of dealing with lows in my career: I just go on a holiday. Coping with a failure of a film is like coping with a break-up. It's sad and heart-breaking, and it's not like I got over it right after my holiday; it took me some time.
My whole being and approach to work is shaped by Karan Johar. From him, I have learned that people should love to work with you, and you should give out warmth and energy to them.
It took me a while to get over 'Highway'. I started living the character of 'Veera' very closely. I don't think I would be able to give so much to a character the way I did with her.
One day, I would like to be a part of a stage production, preferably a musical.
