Actress
My boyfriend calls me 'princess', but I think of myself more along the lines of 'monkey' and 'retard'.
Being vegan just gives you such great karma.
Creative collaboration is awesome.
There was a point when I was so sick of this physical perfection thing that I thought it would be good for all young girls to eat burgers and sweets as a rebellion but I don't think that anymore because it's not healthy.
I think I can deceive people. I'm like, the nice, sweet girl when you meet me. And I don't have any bad intentions. But I'm a bad girl too.
I'm so comfortable and happy with the woman that I am.
I don't feel like a dream girl, but I think it's really nice. I guess a part of me wishes I got that sort of attention in my real life. Because in my real life, I'm this weird, dorky girl who just hangs out with her dog.
My favorite thing in the world is a box of fine European chocolates which is, for sure, better than sex.
I don't want to be known as the Aerosmith chick, but it's fun to put on the boots and makeup and act like a tough girl.
I truly loved doing the videos, but it has been hard hearing all the time that you're just the Aerosmith chick.
I'm very uncomfortable with my body, and I'm not interested in people seeing it on screen.
I don't just want to be the girl boys get excited about, I have no desire for people to see me in a sexy way. I won't do nudity ever.
I'm reachable for people, I'm not out of their league. I'm just a normal girl.
People think, 'Wow, you're an actress, so people must be really nice to you and kiss your ass.' NOBODY kisses my ass.
I'd die if I was Madonna. I'd die. God, what a horrible way to live. And Michael Jackson! To be so famous and to feel so isolated. I feel so bad for them. I don't know how it feels, and I hope it never happens to me.
I never count calories, but I eat so well.
I came from a generation of actors for whom TV was taboo.
I knew that I wanted to be a film actress and I never watched TV. I was always too busy.
What I learned from doing 'The Graduate' was it doesn't matter what the medium is... as long as the material is inspiring and the characters are well written.
I've been wanting to have a baby since I was 2 years old - I'm destined to be a mother.
When I was 18 years old I went to Shakespeare Company, the school, and I wrote a poem about my leaves - I felt like a tree that had no leaves. That is the life at 18.
I love cooking and one of my favourite things to do with my husband is open up the refrigerator.
I'm surprised by the fact that I like the word 'husband.' I thought I would hate it.
I didn't want to get married - I thought it was like a cult! It seemed so conservative and unnatural.
My attention since 'Clueless' has been on family, relationships, activism, the planet, and my career.
When you're offered things, it makes it so much easier to be indecisive. And it's silly because you can pass on some really amazing things.
