American,Actress
I'm not a very good lover. I'm so nervous about my sexuality.
I never imagined being able to make money from acting - and now I can.
You have to create your own stuff. It's really exciting to create something, sell it, and feel like I'm not just a pawn waiting to be cast.
I was never the class clown or anything like that. When I was growing up and doing theatre in Seattle I was always doing very dramatic work. Now I can't get a dramatic role to save my life!
Blythe Danner is somebody whose career I admire. She's a great actress and does good work, but also has a life of her own. I love my job but, at the end of the day, I want to come home and watch a movie and drink a bottle of wine with my husband.
I know a lot of actors talk about the importance of wardrobe, and it always seems like it's kind of a cop-out, maybe, because it seems like a minor detail to some people. But I think it's hugely important.
You have to be willing to accept the idea that people may think you're stupid.
The hardest thing in my industry is longevity, getting your next job. It's hard to get the first job, but it's so much harder to get the sixth or seventh as a woman.
One of the things that comedy has given me over the years is a really good ability to laugh at myself and to not take things that don't matter too much too seriously. I feel that very little offends me anymore and I'm really grateful for that because I think I was a pretty uptight little kid.
You know, right now, they say - I don't know who says this, but somebody told me - there's three male roles to every female role. And I guess I'd work on evening that up. Making great roles for women. It's just such a huge challenge.
I try to keep my head on straight and take nothing for granted.
Yeah, I do like scary movies, especially the ones that don't take themselves too seriously.
Hollywood studio executives don't recognize the value of female performers as much as male performers.
I really love comedy and weirdly enough, I love how my journey has ended up. I get to laugh all day long.
I never really thought I wanted to become a movie star.
My comedy does not come from a place of deep cynicism, and I tend to play characters who are naive in some way.
I feel really grateful that I am in comedy, and I love doing it.
I don't really like to go out to clubs or anything. It's just not my style. I'd much rather go to a dive bar or a local place.
