Canadian,Actress
Stubborn people get themselves in a lot of trouble, but they also get things done.
If I don't do laundry today, I'm gonna have to buy new clothes tomorrow.
I'm so organised. I never screw up. I've done it maybe twice before. I check my calendar seven times a day.
I'm Anna Paquin. I'm bisexual and I give a damn.
I just do what feels right. I think the great thing about getting to do what I do is that you can try out being a different person without having to screw up your life to do it.
I don't know when acting came to be more about awards than about the work. Judging who's better than the other person shouldn't be part of why we're doing this job. It should be about entertaining people.
I was never overexposed and work never became a chore. I was a very good girl wanting to do a good job.
I work out like a maniac and I spray tan a lot. Genetics were kind, but I work very hard.
While I have always, felt like an outsider, it's because of the professional choices I have made, so it's not like I am planning to throw myself a giant pity party.
Well, the years from 10 to 20, when your body, mind and everything is like changing every five minutes, can be pretty torturing. And most of the interesting characters, I think, are somewhat tortured or torturous. I'm 20 now, so I'm only just an adult.
I don't know what it is that I'm doing, but I'm really enjoying myself. And I'm free to do it as much as I want.
I like shows or films or books that have messages but don't beat people over the head with them.
I think it's an amazing quality to be able to roll with the punches and not be totally ruined as a person because life's been rough for you. That's a really admirable way to go through your life.
I get paid to do the thing I love most, and maybe that makes blending into the crowd impossible sometimes, but I wouldn't trade it for the world.
There's nothing more exciting as an actor than getting to do something that you're not entirely sure that anyone would let you do, and getting to take a big jump in a completely different direction.
Sookie is about as radically different from me and a lot of the work I've previously done as you could possibly come up with.
It's great to have the freedom to enjoy your work and not feel like you're leaving your other life behind.
I still don't really think about acting that much. I just do it.
I was honestly never a huge school person.
One hate crime is committed approximately every hour of every day in this country.
Just because I do what I do doesn't mean I escaped adolescence, all the bumps and bruises that go along with it.
I'm drawn to doing interesting stuff at work. And some of the time with the supernatural, you get to do really crazy, fun things. But I'm not a big genre-fantasy gal, particularly.
You find happiness where you find it.
I like a challenge.
There are very few films or plays or anything about really happy people with perfect lives.
Everyone is usually screwed up in some way and that is usually where the work comes in - figuring out how to make it believable and make it real to present someone's problems that you don't necessarily actually know anything about.
