American,Actress
He never admitted anything, even on his deathbed. He was a deluded liar. If it weren't for my father, I don't think I would be so open. So that's a huge blessing.
I'm always honest, whether I'm in the limelight or not.
I'm one of those people who was taught not to ruffle any feathers. Of course, I have no problem ruffling feathers.
We do not fall in love with the package of the person, we fall in love with the inside of a person.
It's my job, to create a fantasy.
It's important to talk about loving yourself and looking at your tragedies and the stuff that makes you grow.
Are we changing the idea of what beauty is? Let's hope so. I'm not the typical Hollywood beauty. Let's hope we're looking at the insides of people a little more.
It gets really tricky giving advice. The older I get, the less advice I give.
For me to stay healthy in a relationship, the individuals have to nurture themselves.
I was a bit of a big mouth my whole life. I'm a person who expresses themselves with a lot of openness.
I'm very grateful for the platform that I've had in my life to speak out about the things I care about.
Before, I just spewed whatever it was I thought about everything. I tend to be more contemplative now.
I searched so hard for a part that was so complex.
I have been very clear to everybody that just because I'm getting married does not mean I call myself a straight.
I told my mother at about the seventh year of therapy that I had been abused sexually by my father, and she hung up the phone on me.
To have gone through so much work to heal myself and have my mother not acknowledge in any way that she was sorry for what had happened to me, broke my heart.
Are people angry with me? Sure, anything you do in your life, people are going to be angry at you.
When I was with Ellen, I was telling people, If you come out, it's gonna be better for you. But I honestly don't know that.
I don't belong to the straights now - they didn't get me back.
When you are coming out, you say it's for you. But when everybody says it's not OK, it becomes about that rather than about you. It disappointed me.
The decisions that Ellen made on her show were between her and her producers. I supported her decisions. I was there to hug her when she got home.
I believe I went through a divorce. My relationship with Ellen is no less significant as a marriage than my relationship to Coley.
I do not believe that I fell in love with a woman because I was abused.
I put myself on the line with my truth and my sexuality. That is my choice. My choice.
I was raised to pretend.
And for anyone who ever thought that Ellen and I broke it off because of sexuality, you couldn't be more mistaken. And for anyone who thought my mother's prayers had anything to do with me marrying a man, forget it.
