Argentinian,Actress
I have always believed in magic. I used to run into the woods as a little kid looking for witches. But I'm not superstitious, because I m not afraid of it. I see it as something really beautiful, and I wouldn't want to live in a world without magic.
I'd go into the woods to look for the witches, the mythical beings.
I did buy an electric guitar while shooting 'Split.'
I just want to see what life's going to throw my way. So far, it's been very unexpected. I'm kinda on a roller coaster and want to enjoy that.
I think, probably, the place that I feel I most belong is a movie set. It doesn't matter where it is in the world or who I'm making the movie with; that's the closest thing that I've got to a sense of placement. So I guess acting was a way of finding a home, if that makes sense.
I swear like a sailor.
I got scouted for modeling on the street. I'm such a tomboy - still am. I just never thought about modeling before, but I thought, 'Ooh, interesting, similar world, perhaps it's a way into something.' Then, I was on my third photo shoot ever, and Adam Leech from 'Downtown Abbey' saw me reading poetry and asked me to recite some.
'The Witch' is feminist.
It was very difficult to leave Argentina when I was kid, so I only spoke Spanish for the first six years of my life.
I refused to learn English for two years when we moved to London, hoping to send my family back home. It was tough, but at the same time, it has given me a sense of displacement that actually really suits the life that I'm living now.
I don't really feel like I belong anywhere, which makes me belong everywhere.
I've been quite lucky in that the roles that I've been able to play are all kind of outsiders.
Once I set my mind towards something, it's going to happen. By hook or by crook.
It is kind of bizarre, but at the same time, I feel like anyone that gets into movies didn't fit into the real world, and so we made our own world.
I got scouted for modeling, and it was really scary - I was walking my dog wearing heels for the first time ever because I had a party to go to the day after, and I wanted to practice, and this black car kind of started following me, so I, being dramatic, picked up the dog and started to run.
I don't know what kind of career I want to forge for myself. But I want it to be one where I love the work that I've done. And I like to think that I have good instincts.
I think, probably, the place that I feel I most belong is a movie set.
It doesn't matter where it is in the world or who I'm making the movie with; that's the closest thing that I've got to a sense of placement.
I think I just really understand what it is to feel like you don't fit in, within your society, within your world, within your family, within whatever. I've always felt like an odd duck so I really understood that.
I'm a hugger and a lover and a dancer!
I'm a surprisingly good rapper.
I never fit in as a kid. I always felt that there was something different about me.
I'd love to work with the Coen brothers. And Steven Spielberg. 'E.T.' was big for me.
I've been very lucky with the roles that I've played in that they were wonderful roles for women. They're incredible, flawed characters that I really gravitate toward. I just never want anybody to be able to put me in a box.
I just want to work with wonderful people.
My goal is to make a movie that no one would sort of expect me to make.
