English,Actress
Fashion is ultimately a form of self-expression. That's why I love trying out new things.
Comfort is key for a barbecue.
I like shopping from the comfort of my bed whilst my husband is asleep beside me.
I'm known for changing halfway through the day if my mood swings.
Nude nail polish wins hands down over intricate nail art.
I've read 'Valley of the Dolls' at least four times. It's so epic!
When I first started working on 'Secret Diary,' I definitely felt like I needed to shape up. The idea of being in my knickers on TV was a great incentive! Now I try to eat right, and I go to Bikram yoga three or four times a week. I have my 'naughty' days, and I indulge in pizza and cake, but so what!
I am a Topshop homing pigeon! I can walk into the Oxford Circus branch and ferret out the best bits in minutes.
Statement earrings and statement necklaces each deserve their own moment. I never wear the two together; it looks overdone.
I think the best way to keep a relationship hot is to simply try to make time for each other. That's it.
I love anything leopard print, but sometimes an all over print can be a bit much.
I don't see myself as famous at all so I'm continuing my life as normal.
There's no rhyme or reason to how I dress.
Daphne Guinness, who makes couture seem wearable, is an icon who influences what I wear.
I like TV on demand and Cheetos.
When the weather is really hot, I tend to live in denim cut-offs.
If I love something, I wear it to death!
Topshop makes the best skinny jeans for my shape. I order online or stock up when I'm back in London.
A colorful Chanel bag is a way to mix up anything.
I love tea.
It often looks like an actor's had a big break out of nowhere, but in reality, they've been working their way up, little by little, for a while.
My ginger tabby cat Oscar - he's got his own passport - he comes everywhere with me.
On the 'Revenge' set, even if they're not showing my feet, I'll still wear my heels because it gets me in the feeling of Ashley Davenport.
I'm happy with embellishment in a chunky Prada-esque way, but I'm not into sequins!
I like what Proenza Schouler is doing. I also love the Miu Miu chunky embellished shoes and really like Prada as well.
I grew up in London. My parents and I lived in West Norwood, then we moved to Norbury, and I went to the Brit School. I'm a South London girl at heart.
When someone comes to visit me, they have to bring tea - you can't stay in my house if you don't bring me tea.
I wish I wasn't eating Cheetos every night. Those are my favorite - I'm addicted to them!
Nobody is all good or all bad.
I originally wanted to be a pop star. I wanted to be Kylie Minogue. My dad thought that was a very silly ambition and introduced me to drama classes. Once I became fixated on that, there was no stopping me.
I can remember hearing the theme tune to Dallas when I was supposed to be in bed. I would sneak down and try to watch it through the banisters. My mum loved that show.
The water in L.A. tastes like bleach. I literally have to make my tea with Evian water.
