American,Actress
People see me as cute, but I'm so much more than that.
I love Christmas, not just because of the presents but because of all the decorations and lights and the warmth of the season.
My look is a very individual look. I love Pink, but I don't really dress like Pink.
I'm a strong person. I'm also very sassy and a little bit angsty sometimes.
I look at Jessica Alba and think she's got a great body. I think that's what women are supposed to look like.
I'm someone who's always on the go and crazy busy, so I like to keep snacks in my car and at the office, and Cracker Jack'd is a really yummy snack that I love. I definitely am a big snacker.
Don't let anyone, or any rejection, keep you from what you want.
I love pink, it's so girly!
The 'believe' tattoo is because my mom always told me to believe.
You can feel like, 'I look really bad', but to other people you can be really gorgeous.
I definitely think cheerleaders have no fear.
The only way to grow is to challenge yourself.
I love pancakes, and I actually do love healthy stuff. Like, I love gluten-free or whole-wheat pancakes. Breakfast is my favorite meal.
All the time people ask me, like, 'Oh my God, what did you do to get ready for the red carpet?' And I'm like, 'I just had Thai food.' I love to work out and do cardio and have a healthy, active lifestyle, but I also am not going to, like, freak out over food.
I know I have pretty good instincts.
If I feel like someone's trying to bring me down, I just walk away from it.
Communication is so key.
I like to do a lot of cardio.
My sister is totally my dad's daughter because she loves sports.
You can be plain and smart, or pretty and smart. You can even be plain and dumb! You just have to be yourself.
I just like guys who have an edge to them. But it could go either way. Like, I have been into the surfer blond frat guys, and then there's definitely a thing where I like the dark, mysterious bad boy.
I did find some time to go to a record store and check out 'Headstrong' actually in the racks. It was pretty cool; I never thought I'd see my own CD sitting there with everyone else's. I made my Mom take lots of pics!
I don't drink, and I don't smoke. It's a personal preference. My mom has never drunk or smoked. I look up to my mom.
I don't go clubing. So, I don't smoke or drink.
I just loved playing the mean girl. When you're not like a character, it's kind of fun to play.
I love to sing! To be in a movie with musical number is the coolest thing ever!
I text a lot people, because it's how I stay connected with all my family and friends when I'm on set and traveling.
There are so many emoticons these days, I'm kind of old fashioned.
I'm in love with 'Bravo.' Me and my girlfriends love 'Bravo-ing,' which doesn't necessarily mean watching 'Bravo.' It's when you're a bum and you're on your couch watching reality shows.
An 'OMG' of mine would probably be speaking on stage and performing in front of thousands of people!
I've always wanted to be sure my parents approve of what I do.
I like someone I can have fun with and who can be more laid-back than I am, because it calms me down.
I'm definitely the kind of person to wear underwear all the time.
Hey, it isn't bad that I look young.
I hope to inspire people, influence people.
I'm living out my dreams and I love what I do.
I feel like when I went back to my original hair color, a little bit of an edgier side came out.
I'm not trying to run away from my fans at all. I want them to grow with me.
I like to have fun but my fun is different from other people's fun.
Just because I live in L.A .and I live in Hollywood doesn't mean I have to have a Hollywood life.
I've loved Michael Jackson, his music, his music videos.
It's really hard when a celebrity dies out of nowhere, 'cause it's very shocking... surreal.
I love Kelly Clarkson.
I give dating advice on a regular basis. It's not that I'm any expert, but it's always nice to share that with your friends.
In high school, it was all about popularity, being with the boyfriend and all the girls thinking he's cute.
I want to be with someone who wants to work as much as I do and who respects me like I respect him.
My mom is very confident and she was always a role model of mine.
I never really looked up to celebrities when I was young.
I grew up in the business since I was three years old so I've always kind of been in front of the camera and grew up in commercials and I knew that I wanted to do it no matter what, I just loved it.
I never give up on things.
I can't watch scary movies right now, because living on my own, it kind of freaks me out.
I'm kind of boring.
You put your heart and soul into something and it makes you a little bit vulnerable.
I'm not someone who likes to be in the whole Hollywood tabloids.
I love being busy.
I can take a week's vacation - maybe a week and a half - but after that, I'm itching to go back to work.
I have a sexy side to me, but it's more of a fun sexy.
Now before I work out, I think, 'I love exercise,' and it works.
I realized just how much exercise and eating right make a difference in how you feel now and when you get older.
I was always superthin, too skinny, actually. I felt like someone could break me in half. I realize now that being a bit more curvy and toned is so much more beautiful.
I love being home at Christmastime.
I've always been able to keep my private life separate from my business.
I love clothes and I love fashion.
It's important to have girlfriends, because guys tend to come and go.
I'm a big romantic, so I love guys who are romantic too.
My favorite subject was English or creative writing. We did poems and making a magazine, and I did one on celebrities. I called it 'Celebrity Life Magazine.' I interviewed my good friend Kaley Cuoco.
I feel like people expect a lot out of girls, like you're supposed to know who you are and what you want out of life right now. Some girls know. I did. But lots of people don't know. You have to try a lot of things and not worry about what people are thinking.
'Scary Movie' was a different type of comedy than I'm used to. I've mostly done sitcoms, so working with David Zucker, who wrote the film and who directed the last two 'Scary Movie's and 'Airplane' and 'Naked Gun,' was a lot of help.
I love 'Sons of Anarchy.' I was so excited to be able to be on this show, just because I personally watch it. Of course, I come from Disney, and I have a lot of young fans, but I do have fans who have grown with me as well.
I had done a bunch of stuff before I even went to Disney. I'm so grateful for what Disney gave me and the experiences that I got, but at the end of the day, I can do so much more than what I did on that channel and in those movies.
I love 'Modern Family; I think that is a great show. I don't get to watch tons of TV, but when I do, 'Sons of Anarchy' is pretty much the number one, and 'Modern Family' is one of my favorites.
Degree actually came to me and asked me if I wanted to be a part of their campaign, and I thought it was just really exciting and important, obviously to my fans, and growing up I had tons of OMG moments. I get to share my own moments through video blogs.
I just always feel that you need Degree deodorant when you have those moments whether they are embarrassing or whatever, but every day you should be protected. I wish that maybe I had a type of celebrity to look up to when I was young telling me what to use and stuff.
I definitely think cheerleaders have no fear. When I took the 'Hellcats' job, I was like, 'Whoa, this is a sport.'
I have a Maltipoo named Blondie. She is so cute!
I don't like asking for an autograph, but I would like to take a picture with Jessica Simpson because I love her style!
I use Kerastase Oleo-Relax when I get out of the shower. It saves my hair. Actually, I've been doing this Brazilian treatment to my hair. It's a lifesaver; I don't even use a straightener anymore.
I wrote a song with Kara DioGuardi called 'What If,' and it's a really beautiful song. It's kind of like a rock ballad. There's a lot of guitars and drums in it.
When I was really little, I was on a Pop Warner squad. I did it for a year. My dad was a Pop Warner football coach. I did it because my best friend was also on this cheer squad, and of course I looked up to my sister who was a cheerleader, so I wanted to cheer.
I am so scared of the 'Paranormal Activity' movies. I didn't think I was going to be able to sleep.
The family on my mom's side, their whole business is inventing and pitching stuff. My grandfather is in infomercials. He's a pitchman, so if you're ever watching TV late at night, you'll probably see him pitching knives. My great-grandfather also invented the plastic cheese grater.
I'm definitely old-school when it comes to dating. I'm not into the 'game' so much. If I like you, I'll confront you and be open about it. Then I expect you to come after me.
For me, I just like to cut out bread. I like to keep the good carbs in my diet - I love pasta and Italian food - but I try to eat just that on the weekends and cut out carbs during the week.
I love sundresses and I love shorts.
I don't really read stuff on myself. I like to just kind of stay away... I don't get too involved in that.
I loved performing in the 'High School Musical' movies - that didn't seem like work - but the gym felt like torture!
I've always wanted to be sure my parents approve of what I do. Even with my tattoos, my mom went with me.
Sunday's my day off, where I eat whatever I want. I don't not let myself have something. I do love French fries and bread.
It's a spinoff of the original Cracker Jack, but it's Cracker Jack'd. Frito Lay, when they asked me to be a part of it, I tried it, and I really like it. My favorite's the peanut butter and chocolate.
I'm actually most comfortable when I'm in a bikini, running around on the beach, like, no makeup. It's really free-feeling, whereas I'm always having to get dressed up and putting makeup on.
Half the time on vacation, if I'm in a bikini, I allow myself - I eat, like, waffles and pancakes for breakfast, so that's me after, like, a big meal. I'm not the one that's like, 'Oh my gosh, I'm going to be on the beach.'
I always feel like I could look better. I'm, like, the worst.
I just love carbs. And when I'm on vacation I definitely allow myself carbs, so it's always funny when people are like, 'Oh my gosh, you look great in your bikini.' I'm like, 'If you only knew what I had for breakfast!'
