American,Actress
Everyone needs to take that time to figure out who they are. The fact that there's no love interests in 'Moana' - it's all about her - is very relatable. You don't need another person to help you find yourself.
My friends have said, 'Wait, you're pretty, and you sing? What do you mean you're interested in science?' I have to just hold my head and go, 'Do you hear yourself?' By no means should you ever limit yourself because of what others think or because of their perceptions of what someone looks like in a certain field.
There are many wonderful themes from 'Moana' that people discover, and I also hope they're inspired to go on their own journeys and to learn more about the Polynesian culture, because we're pretty great! I'm so proud of the people the filmmakers talked to - the Oceanic Trust.
I surf, swim, play water polo, and I paddle an outrigger canoe with my team. I'm also a klutz on land, so water is my thing.
I go to an all-Hawaiian school, and we learn everything about being Hawaiian. We have a really deep respect for the water and the land. We say, 'mauka to makai,' mountains to ocean. I believe if you take care of the ocean, the ocean will take care of you in return.
Moana is such an amazing character. She's brave; she is so empowered. She knows what she wants, and she's not afraid to get it, and I think that's something that I can relate to as well. I just love watching how she goes along in this wonderful movie and grows as a person and helps her culture along the way.
From baby time to now, I wanted to be a Disney princess, and then I wanted to be a singer or an actress.
Each Disney princess is unique in their own way, but Moana is especially close to my heart because she's Polynesian.
What I really love are acai bowls, with berries, granola, and so much honey.
I've danced hula since I was 5. My mom danced hula as well. It's been in my family from far back and really connected me to my ancestors.
When I was younger, I lived on Hawai'i, in the small town of Kohala. It was beautiful there! There were the trees and rolling green hills. It was beautiful and quaint, but at the same time, I always wanted to just venture out.
My mother always said to carry yourself with dignity and pride, and I just think Audrey Hepburn totally epitomizes that, you know? From such a young age, she was dancing ballet. There was a lot going on in her life... that was during the time of the Nazis.
I think I'd want to see the Hollywood sign, that's for sure. I've never seen that yet. And oh, please, please, please, can I go to Disneyland?
Moana is definitely a Disney heroine. She's wonderful, empowered, empowering.
No matter where I go, I want to carry my family.
My mom keeps me grounded and all that. She makes me do chores.
Moana doesn't have a love interest because this movie is about a journey - a physical one across hundreds and hundreds of miles of ocean, but also an emotional one of Moana finding herself. She doesn't need a man or love interest to find herself.
It's just been my mom and I for, like, three years or so. I love being able to not have to feel like I have to share the whole everything with the world, which is why I'm not very good at the Snap Chat, and I need help with my social media. Because I... I kind of just like having just us.
Moana is definitely a Disney character, which is something that I totally love. She's totally bad butt: really awesome. I think she really embodies it because I, as someone who has grown up, been born and raised on the island of Hawaii - so, the Big Island - I love my culture.
I think when you go to Hawaii, you'll notice the ambience, and you'll notice everyone is friendly because we all kind of think for each other.
I think when everyone found out I was Moana, we got banana bread practically every night of the week. Aside from that, it's been really normal!
It's 'ow,' like, you stubbed your toe. 'Lee,' like Bruce Lee. Then, you add an 'e.' Auli'i Cravalho.
I credit my singing to my mom because she didn't give me a binky when I was a baby. I cried and screamed for the first six months - my mom would say four years of my life - and I developed wonderful lungs.
I'm kind of an animated person. I was given this really big blessing that my voice just kind of carries the emotion.
When I sing, it's different from when I speak in a very interesting way. I think that, when you're singing, a message is carried in a different way. I don't know if that emotion needs a melody.
Moana is an incredible heroine. She's strong... She's got her two feet firmly planted. She's definitely grounded.
