American,Actress
I'm not playing a role. I'm being myself, whatever the hell that is.
My dream was to become a very small blonde movie star like Ida Lupino and those other women I saw up there on the screen during the Depression.
PETA has a proven track record of success. Each victory PETA wins for the animals is a stepping stone upon which we build a more compassionate world for all beings - and we will never give up our fight until all animals are treated with respect and kindness.
I believe that you're here on Earth for a short time, and while you're here, you shouldn't forget it.
Making lasting gifts for animals in our estate plans is perhaps the single most important thing we can do to ensure animals have the strongest possible voice for their protection.
No fruit. No veggie.
I... was not too happy to suddenly take on this public role thrust upon me. They just assumed I was the Joan of Arc of the women's movement. And I wasn't at all. It put a lot of unnecessary pressure on me.
I really cut my teeth on off-off-off Broadway shows.
You know, I spend most of my life turning things down. There's a lot of crap out there.
I suddenly realized that comedy, for me, was just being honest, and playing it for real. I've seen so many wonderful actors who turn into creatures from another planet when they're told they are supposed to be playing comedy.
Keep fighting for animals by making compassionate, cruelty-free choices every day and encouraging those around you to do the same.
I feel I'm an actress who sings a bit.
I can't imagine working without and audience.
I'd never even been to Wrigley Field. I never even enjoyed baseball that much, but I loved being there, the crowd was lovely, and they all sang with me!
But that's one of the nice things about doing a stage show, if something doesn't work out, you have the luxury of working on it over time.
I really feel all my adult life has been spent in that little black box. If a wonderful part on TV came along I would do it. But I don't want to do a recurring role. It would just be my luck that the thing would be successful. I'm old enough now and also secure enough financially that I really only want to do what I want to do.
In sitcoms, the women are so beautiful, understanding and well-bred. They have humor, but sort of display it with a twinkle of the eye and not a guffaw. But there's no juice in that for me.
I've seen so many excellent actors - excellent actors - who, the minute they're told they're in a comedy, turn into God knows what - creatures from another planet! I mean they just... the voice changes, they don't look the same, it's like - it has no similarity to any living human being, do you know what I mean?
I'm very, very involved in charities involving youth.
I'm 5-feet-9, I have a deep voice, and I have a way with a line. What can I do about it? I can't stay home waiting for something different. I think it's a total waste of energy worrying about typecasting.
