American,Actress
Don't try to impress people. Always be yourself!
Everyone suffers some injustice in life, and what better motivation than to help others not suffer in the same way.
I always finish off my look with a spritz of Vera Wang Pink Princess.
I think that since it's prom, you should definitely wear a long dress. You can wear a short one anytime! This is the moment when you get to be a princess, and for me, that means a sweetheart neckline, long, then pouf - out and big.
I have suffered from bullying in many ways, from bullying in school due to my disability in reading, to digital abuse that I deal with on a daily basis. I'd like to tell the kids that are being bullied that no one should have to deal with the abuse, ever!
I don't want to be that girl who has that same style all the time where the music always sounds exactly the same, and you always know it's her.
I practice reading all the time. I read everything and having so many scripts to read, which really helps out as well.
I know that some girls look up to me for certain things, like dyslexia, and that way I know that they like me for me, so it adds no pressure.
My dad would call me his Cuban princess because I had really dark olive skin because I was always in the sun; but I don't really go in the sun anymore, so that is why I am so white.
We have disappointments all the time in the business, and I've lost way more projects than I've booked. I've learned from every opportunity and have been chosen for some really great projects!
I think the best advice came from Drew Barrymore, about always finding love in everything you do and keeping a positive attitude and being thankful.
My makeup artist, Tonya Brewer, taught me the importance of moisturizing daily. Hydration is a must if you want pretty, dewy skin - which I love.
It's not the traditional promise ring. It's basically to always stay truthful. I think that's a really important part of a relationship, that you're always honest with each other.
I have to work extra hard because I am dyslexic. People said that I couldn't be an actress, but I'm proving them wrong. Acting has helped me overcome the challenge.
My secret is one the world needs to know - nearly a billion people a year die from unsafe drinking water.
My father is Cuban. Spanish was my first language, but I don't speak it that much anymore because I had dyslexia, and in school they work with you only in English. But I'm proud to be Latina, and most people don't know I am.
I do have many of the same friends I grew up with. Most I've known since we were three or four years old! I have made new friends as well.
I believe that anyone can become better, if you put in the effort.
Music is a big part of my life. I listen to different genres, and I choose the music that will inspire the next part of my story.
I never saw myself as a singer; I never really thought I had the voice for it.
I like clean-cut, very proper, very elegant looks.
Dancing inspires my music. Having your girlfriends all together and just being free and happy.
I love pointy nails! A cute way to add a pop of color to your nails is to make a V-shape at the ends of them in a pastel color.
Start going to bed earlier! It is a tough adjustment when you have had a summer of staying up late and waking up late.
I don't have to try to be perfect because I know that my fans like me for who I am. They like me because I am weird and kind of funky, but still really calm.
I personally don't think you can love two things like dancing and singing the same exact amount. There is always one that you like more, and that is most likely the one that you're better at, because you try harder in it.
