American,Actress
There's nothing fake about flipping over and landing on your back.
I have learned so much personally from wrestling, and it has really bled into my daily life.
I find myself on Yelp typing in 'the best 'blank'' all the time: best cheese, best ice cream, best pizza.
'GLOW' is the first time I feel like I've been able to have a theatrical experience on the small screen: to really be able to marry the two. And I love it.
Nothing is more theater-based than wrestling. It's Greek-tragedy-level theater.
When we did 'Endgame,' we were all hunched over and making the craziest sounds. Then I graduated and went right into auditioning for 'Gossip Girl' and things like that, where, as an actress, you're required to act from the neck up and, from the neck down. It's a presentation of your birthday-suit self.
'GLOW' was the first time that, from head to toe, I was asked to use my body in a functional, powerful way as an actor - and that felt amazing.
Wrestling was the first time I thought, 'My leg is the thing that functions in this way to do this move, to get from A to B.' Instead of, like, 'My body's purpose is to suck it in so the male showrunner thinks it's attractive.'
With all the stuff that's going on in the world - after I watch the news, read the news, and listen to my podcasts, at the end of the day, am I really going to watch an episode of murder and time travel?
I was scared to film 'GLOW' for many reasons. As an actor, as a wrestler. It was just a very scary and intimidating experience.
I'm on a billboard in Times Square, but my bathroom is still dirty, and I have toothpaste on my face.
There's not a ton of roles out there for the insecure, loud Britney Spears type.
I often feel like a character actress trapped inside the mean, aging Barbie's body.
The more power you can find in yourself and your own surety and identity is actually the best output that you could give to your friends in relationships.
I kept feeling like there were no parts for girl who want to play to the mezzanine.
In previous roles, I have thought of my body as 'Betty's body,' and I try not to eat too many dinner rolls - please don't fire me! I'll make crazy choices from the neck up, but from the neck down, it's just me trying to suck it in. And in 'GLOW,' my whole body was required to do a function and not just to look as good as possible in a costume.
Getting to work with Edie Falco and watching her be a quiet presence - but a very powerful presence - and so brilliant and free? That was the first person I saw where I was like, 'I want to emulate that.'
If I'm brought the wrong order at a restaurant, I don't send it back, because I don't want the waiter to get mad at me.
I fill my business emails with smiley faces and question marks so that I don't sound too severe.
Both of my parents are actors, so I grew up backstage with them. I would see some of their shows 30, 40, 50 times. I would have it all memorized. I loved it.
The rule was I had to go to college, and I couldn't even go to theater camp.
I wasn't allowed to audition for anything professionally until I was - I guess I cheated a little bit and started when I was in college, but I graduated! Barely.
I've done plays where you get into the run and can go to auditions during the day, or can have lunch with someone, and then you go to half-hour and show up.
I spent a lot of time in college studying theater of the absurd and Beckett and Genet, and then I spent a lot of time after that at 'Gossip Girl' auditions, thinking, 'Wow, I really wasted my money.'
You would think that wrestling has so much to do with being aggressive and having a big ego, and it's exactly the opposite.
Growing up, I was a self-loathing Igor who carried the queen's books. My job was to be the sarcastic sherpa, quietly providing the farce and adoration, then becoming part of the wall when cued.
I went to the Women's March in D.C. on January 21, and I, looking around, was thinking, Wow, something that bonds all of us is that we've been silent-screaming in our bathrooms, alone, in between sarcastic lunches.
I think every actor fantasizes about a show where you get to play several characters in one piece and not just Detective Bluestone asking what time you were at the station.
When I first thought about wrestling, I thought about it as this foreign thing that I would have so much trouble accessing, and then, day one of researching it, I was like, 'Oh, I know what this is! This is theater. This is playing pretend.' It was really easy to connect to.
Everyone has a dormant wrestling character in them that is pretty easy to tap into.
Female friendship... I think you have friendships that come and go, and then there are ones that the girl becomes a part of your bones.
