American,Actress
This has always been a motto of mine: Attempt the impossible in order to improve your work.
Old age is no place for sissies.
My passions were all gathered together like fingers that made a fist. Drive is considered aggression today; I knew it then as purpose.
I'd marry again if I found a man who had fifteen million dollars, would sign over half to me, and guarantee that he'd be dead within a year.
The key to life is accepting challenges. Once someone stops doing this, he's dead.
To fulfill a dream, to be allowed to sweat over lonely labor, to be given a chance to create, is the meat and potatoes of life. The money is the gravy.
I will not retire while I've still got my legs and my make-up box.
I don't take the movies seriously, and anyone who does is in for a headache.
If you've never been hated by your child, you've never been a parent.
In this rat-race everybody's guilty till proved innocent!
That's me: an old kazoo with some sparklers.
To look back is to relax one's vigil.
I sent my flowers across the hall to Mrs Nixon but her husband remembered what a Democrat I am and sent them back.
Without wonder and insight, acting is just a trade. With it, it becomes creation.
I was never very interested in boys - and there were plenty of them - vying with one another to see how many famous women they would get into the hay.
Men become much more attractive when they start looking older. But it doesn't do much for women, though we do have an advantage: make-up.
There are new words now that excuse everybody. Give me the good old days of heroes and villains, the people you can bravo or hiss. There was a truth to them that all the slick credulity of today cannot touch.
Everybody has a heart. Except some people.
In this business, until you're known as a monster you're not a star.
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage. I'm afraid it did.
The only reason anyone goes to Broadway is because they can't get work in the movies.
I survived because I was tougher than anybody else.
Sex is God's joke on human beings.
I will never be below the title.
I do not regret one professional enemy I have made. Any actor who doesn't dare to make an enemy should get out of the business.
The best time I ever had with Joan Crawford was when I pushed her down the stairs in Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?
It is my last wish to be burried sitting up.
I often think that a slightly exposed shoulder emerging from a long satin nightgown packs more sex than two naked bodies in bed.
We movie stars all end up by ourselves. Who knows? Maybe we want to.
Gay Liberation? I ain't against it, it's just that there's nothing in it for me.
I went back to work because someone had to pay for the groceries.
Good actors I've worked with all started out making faces in a mirror, and you keep making faces all your life.
