Australian,Actress
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
Every day is a new journey for me, and I feel like, in my lifetime, I've been blessed to experience such a lot.
Tea makes everything better.
Everything I do in my life I do to make my mum and dad proud. I want to carry on in my dad's footsteps and make sure that his legacy lives on forever.
I always think the true test of free speech is when someone says something you don't like.
As I'm getting older, I'm really learning unconditional love and loyalty are extremely important.
It's every little girl's dream to have an exact look-alike doll. It's amazing.
I kind of think of my life as this incredible hurricane of so many adventures. We can all make a difference, and we can all be courageous and believe in ourselves.
I feel like I'm nothing without wildlife. They are the stars. I feel awkward without them.
I want my children and my grandchildren to live in a world with clean air, pure drinking water, and an abundance of wildlife, so I've chosen to dedicate my life to wildlife conservation so I can make the world just a little bit better.
We live in a zoo, and we get to share all our animals with the people who come in. We really put our animals first, and then the staff, and then the visitors. The animals aren't pacing; they're all happy. When you touch an animal, it ultimately touches you.
I know I can count on my mum and brother to be there for me through good and bad times.
I like cups of tea and reading books and poetry and old people things.
I'm so lucky because I get to have all of these memories. I can have all of those pictures and different sorts of films and stuff. Some people have only one photo, and I'm really glad that I have all of that.
My Daddy was my hero. He was always there for me when I needed him. He listened to me and taught me so many things. But most of all he was fun.
I really think I like poisonous snakes.
It's so easy to be there when it's all sunshine, but it really takes strength and courage to be there for each other during the dark times.
My neighbors are crocodiles and tigers and giraffes.
One day we were sitting in our little classroom in the middle of Australia Zoo, and Dad bursts in and says, 'OK, today we're going to go climb a mountain,' - the Glass House Mountains are about 20 minutes away - so we packed up all our math work and ran out the door and climbed Mount Tibrogargan.
When you lose someone whose life was so extraordinary like my dad's, you have two options: You can curl up in a dark corner... or rise above it and dust yourself off and continue with their work. He will always be with me.
I'm so excited to be carrying on in Dad's footsteps and making sure that everything he worked so hard for continues for the generations to come.
I love having my birthday at Australia Zoo.
My favourite thing in the world is going out to get Chinese food, then coming home and renting a movie.
I live in a town called Beerwah, right in the middle of Australia Zoo. It's not hustle and bustle and busy, so that's helpful. We travel all over the world, but I've always been able to come home and run around in the middle of the Australian outback.
The way I choose to dress, I want to influence other people around me, I suppose.
In the morning, my alarm clock is a chorus of lemurs yelling!
I want to make him the proudest dad to have me and I want to show everybody and nearly be as good as him because he was the best.
I'm trying to get across the message that don't be afraid of animals, they're just put on this earth to help the environment and everything like that.
My Dad was such an incredible person, and you have the option of just curling up in a dark corner and letting it all go or you have the option of standing strong, sticking together and carrying on what he lived and died for. And I think that's what's so important - to be able to carry on where he left off.
I know that Daddy had an important job. He was working to change the world so everyone would love wildlife like he did. He built a hospital to help animals, and he bought lots of land to give animals a safe place to live.
I'll always feel most comfortable in khaki surrounded by animals, but it is really fun to try different styles.
You can't jump on a croc or climb a tree if you're not in khaki, but I do like different clothes and playing around with it a bit.
It's human nature that if you get 20 positive comments and one negative one, you're going to focus on the negative. We all do that. It can be something that drags you down. It's easy to get bogged down with it, but I try to concentrate on the good things.
I want to carry on in my dad's footsteps and make sure his message lives on forever. I feel like that's why I've been put on this planet - to get my message across.
I have never joined the Facebook world because, to be truthful, social media scares me to death. It is kind of crazy how huge that world is, so I have never joined Facebook, but I do have Instagram and Twitter.
I'm trying to carry on my dad's legacy, and it is tough.
I am used to wrangling crocodiles.
I'm a big advocate for young girls dressing their age.
What shaped me the most would probably be when my dad passed away. For the rest of my life, I'll kind of feel like he's gonna come home.
Dad was that one person who, no matter what he did in life, he just took it by storm, and he was so passionate and just really lived in the moment. Whatever the opposite of a procrastinator is, that was him... and I think I kind of inherited a little bit of that.
I try so hard to be true to myself. I hope I can help other girls realize that they don't have to do things just because everyone else is doing them.
There can be a lot of pressure on girls to dress the way they wouldn't normally dress: on social media, at school, among friends.
I want to encourage other young girls not to grow up too soon. Just enjoy the now.
It's so easy for 16-year-olds, including myself, to say, 'I just wish I were an adult.' But we can't wish our lives away. When we're adults, we'll say, 'I wish I were 16 again.'
I'd just like to carry on in Dad's footsteps. I think that Dad's spirit and passion lives in every single one of us.
I get to be a teenager like every other teenager, but I have a passion and a great goal in life.
I have spent my entire life living in a zoo, which is pretty crazy. Not many kids get to say that, and it took me until I was about three years old to realize that we didn't just come to the zoo every day, that we actually lived here.
If you treat animals how you want to be treated, you're a lot better off.
We try to surround ourselves with love and light. You have to be there for each other. As a family, we are trying to make sure everything Dad worked so hard for carries on into the future.
I don't want to see crocs end up as boots, bags and belts. We're killing and consuming our wildlife icons.
I get a bit depressed if I walk into a restaurant and see shark-fin soup on the menu.
My dad dedicated his life to getting across the wildlife message, and I love that I can carry on his legacy. I want to make sure his message never dies.
I've been banking my holidays, which means I take time off later in the year. It makes it a lot easier to fit filming in; it can be quite challenging to study and film at the same time.
In real life, I am trying to save the Steve Irwin wildlife preserve. It's in Australia, up on Cape York, and it's in danger of being strip-mined.
If you said 'Boo' to me, I wouldn't sleep for two weeks! I don't like scary movies.
I was so used to documentary filming, where it's one take. You can't really say, 'Make that elephant charge again!' And you talk to the camera. With movie filming, you're talking to someone else.
A lot of people don't know that Dad was quite a scientist, and he was so clever.
After losing Dad, there was the idea that none of us have forever. It really affects you. It makes you want to live each day as if it's your last.
I have the most beautiful souls in my life supporting me and helping me to follow my dreams. I love them more than I can ever express in words.
When I was about 2 years old, I found a bee that had been stepped on on the foot path, and so I picked it up to rescue it, and it stung me on the hand. From that day forward, I've been terrified of bees.
I think my blood is actually khaki. The khaki is a part of me. It's in my heart.
Working with crocodiles is always amazing because they're beautiful. They're modern day dinosaurs, which is really cool.
I'm driving my dad's old ute. So it's a manual ute. It's massive, so when people see me coming, they just kind of run away!
I'm thrilled to be partnered up with SeaWorld.
Thrilled to be part of this new project Generation Nature and just encouraging kids to change the world.
Acting is something I'm extremely passionate about.
I see my filming career as an opportunity to get the message of conservation out to an even greater audience.
You do only live once, and I feel like if I'm able to make a difference on this planet and leave it just a little better than I found it, then I've done my job.
Family doesn't necessarily mean that you have to have a mother, a father, a little brother, and an older sister.
I had a brilliant time working with the entire cast and crew at 'Return To Nim's Island.' It's amazing how, after working on a film, you really become a family, and you build these really special bonds together.
'Return To Nim's Island', I was so honored to be asked to play the role of Nim because I loved the original film, the 2008 film 'Nim's Island.'
With fewer resources to share around more people, how can the poor have improved lifestyles?
My life is certainly not common, but I think of myself as... a 'normal' teenager.
Sometimes I get butterflies before I get up on stage.
They're one of - crocs and snakes are two of my favorite animals. They're so good.
Favorite subject? I would have to say creative writing.
Some people think that I would be afraid of them, but I'm never, ever afraid of an animal. I just get excited, and some that are dangerous, I think, 'Ooh, what's going to happen?' and things like that.
The big things that I've learnt from my dad is that you can just say what you want to say.
My favourite animal would probably be - probably be a dingo. Because I like how in the night you can - at the zoo, you can hear them howl and stuff like that. It's just amazing.
Our human population continues to expand at such a scary rate - it's unbelievable.
If I am able to pass on what I've learnt in my life, that's really wonderful, especially after losing Dad.
I've been working a lot with Dick Smith on overpopulation.
I'd like to continue to spread my message on conservation and make sure my dad's message - his legacy - lives on.
