American,Actress
The most beautiful thing you can wear is confidence.
People gossip. People are insecure, so they talk about other people so that they won't be talked about. They point out flaws in other people to make them feel good about themselves. I think at any age or any social class, that's present.
I've been so lucky to work with such great people: people that are such hard workers and have such a respect and appreciation for one another.
When I have bad days, I just eat lots of chocolate ice cream and dance to the 'Lion King' soundtrack. It's really odd, but it's true.
All I need is my Chanel dress, my Louboutins, and some red lipstick.
The Gucci woman can be the equestrian woman, the woman in the suit, the woman in the flowy bohemian dress, or the couture woman.
I need good friends who can say, 'I love you to death, but you look terrible in that, and you need to change right now.'
Fragrance is a bit of a selfish gift because it's comforting when you're near someone and you recognize their smell.
I love to have my hair down; I love to have my hair full... there's something romantic about it.
What do you do with your best friend? You do nothing.
If you want someone to miss you, go secretly and spray your fragrance somewhere.
I love being at home and cooking and baking.
The smell of pine needles, spruce and the smell of a Christmas tree - those to me, are the scents of the holidays.
I kind of feel like I grew up at Disneyland.
Every relationship you have, you're learning and growing and taking something from that.
I never really cook from recipes. But the worst is when something turns out great and I can't figure out how to make it again!
If people could walk around in suits of energy, that would be cool. Other than that, I don't think men should wear spandex.
Scents evoke very, very powerful memories, whether it's the scent of someone that you know and someone that you love, or if it's a meal that your mother made.
I love to photograph the gorgeous landscapes when I travel.
If I wasn't an actress, I'd be a chef. I'd love to open a restaurant.
I wear a lot more glitter around the holidays, so I'm always wearing different glitter nail polish or fun metallic eye shadow. It's the holidays - everything is more twinkly and celebratory.
I'll go to an event wearing some designer gown and tens of thousands of dollars in jewels that were lent to me for the night, and I'll walk around and meet people who I always thought were such a big deal.
In high school, there are so many cliques. You're never safe.
One of the very few things that I do every single day is put on fragrance. If I'm not wearing make-up, if my hair's not done, if I'm walking around in pyjamas - I still put my fragrance on. I will brush my teeth and put on my perfume.
Stars really are like anyone else. At the end of the day, Brad Pitt poops - as handsome as he may be - and so does Angelina Jolie.
I feel like heels must be a workout! I know that they're really bad for you, but I run around in heels a lot and go up a lot of stairs, so maybe that's my terrible workout. I know that's not really a workout.
My first child is going to be the oldest sibling to the next kid, and that may change with each and every year. I'm looking forward to how one baby influences the other, and to my family as a whole, to every single chapter.
My mother had very humble beginnings - to put it mildly. Her dad built their home out of timber that he cut down on their land. No heat, no air-conditioning - 'no foolishness,' as he would call it.
I always like hair being a little messy because I think there's something appealing about the whimsy of putting on a gown with any hair or make-up - just stepping into it, and you're ready.
I'll never forget the time my mother showed up with her best friend and two daughters, and all four of us dressed up in matching clothes, shoes and hats to go pick up my brother from school. I thought it was a fun thing to do, but we stepped outside my brother's school and he was mortified!
There are looks that I see on other people that I think would look horrible on me, but I think if somebody has the courage to be really daring and try something outlandish, then more power to them. That's just encouraging and inspiring.
When I'm playing a character, I don't wear perfume.
I think a pixie cut is so cute. I just think that everyone that has one is the most courageous person. It's so daring to do that! I get geeked out by people when they do that. They're awesome. Would I do it? Maybe.
Creating something I can use is the best stress reliever.
I've never been a big fan of gossip. Being a victim of it, I knew how much it hurt.
Everybody on our cast is very musically talented, except for me.
I can't believe we're being paid to live in New York.
I grew up with the mindset that when you get home from work, you go to dinner and watch a movie. I don't want to be going to a club and taking off my panties.
I was raised in California, so this whole New York winter thing is completely new for me. I've already justified buying seven coats!
I had a lot of friends in high school, but I was never the wild party girl. Never have been, never plan to be!
My whole family's been in the business. My whole family is crazy.
If you ever want something badly, let it go. If it comes back to you, then it's yours forever. If it doesn't, then it was never yours to begin with.
So, it's cool that, yes, Hal Jordan is a superhero, but my character is a real-world hero in her own life.
The Green Lantern is a unique superhero because it's not that he's super that is his focus; it's that he's a man. He's very human. That's his greatest strength and his greatest weakness.
I came from a big family - two brothers and two sisters. So, there were always a ton of boys around and a ton of girls around. So, I grew up comfortable with both sexes.
Actually, I'm happiest in Williams-Sonoma in New York. That's a wonderful cooking store.
It's difficult to wear such high Louboutins and also freestyle rap.
I think I became my own stylist by not knowing any better.
I feel shy when people are fussing on me.
I always loved fashion.
I was raised in a really terrific, close family, and I've never needed to escape anything or to really let myself go by dancing on tables.
It is hard that people don't just let you do your job for them and entertain, and then carry on your own life.
After my first year on 'Gossip Girl,' everybody said, 'You've got to do a big commercial movie, ride this wave.'
I could probably make more money if I did more commercial projects.
Honestly, I'm so sick of myself.
My mom would have different fragrances for different times of the year. They were a part of her identity. I don't remember the specific ones she used, but I remember the bottles.
I'm passionate about anything I align myself with. You want to talk about chocolate chip cookies? I'm not going to open a chocolate chip cookie store, but I will talk your ear off about it.
Honestly, I am a shy person.
Often you see people on the red carpet with tight up-dos, but that makes me feel stiff.
My hair is a safety net for me, so I love to have it down and full and relaxed.
I always want to wear clothes that my children will one day look back on and say, 'Oh, you looked amazing - why didn't you keep that?' Not, 'Oh my God - I can't believe you wore that.'
My mom taught me this really great beauty tip. She used to put oil or mayonnaise on the bottom half of her hair before she would shower.
I'm no editor, no artisan, no expert. And certainly no arbiter of what you should buy, wear, or eat.
It's definitely attractive when a man can dress well.
To be around me, you must love food, or I'm the most obnoxious person you've ever met.
My greatest passion is my personal life.
I should hope I dress differently at 25 than I did when I graduated high school. I hope I never stop changing.
I'm so used to being within 10 minutes of my family.
My mom and dad always taught acting, so instead of getting me babysitters, they would just bring me to class.
I've never really had a competitive relationship in any work situation.
I can read a four-page scene once and have it memorized. It's a skill you learn in school: disposable cramming.
I have a tight-knit Southern family.
Martha Stewart's my idol.
I don't watch TV.
The only time I really go on the Internet is for recipes.
I take a cooking class everywhere I travel. I find it's the best way to get to know a culture.
My dream as a passionate cook has been to go to Le Cordon Bleu. Never could my most incredible dream have lived up to the experience. The food, the lesson, the chef, the ingredients - all the best of the best. I see why Le Cordon Bleu is world-renowned.
I want babies. Lots of babies. Of course!
My anonymity is something I treasure.
I have smuggled so many ingredients across so many borders, like shallot confit from Thailand, or a new sauce from New Orleans not approved by the FDA.
Since my kitchen is the most important part of my home, I want to be creative and innovative, not only in its aesthetic, but also in the tools that I'm using to cook.
I don't really need a personal trainer or watch what I eat. I can't start the day without a hot chocolate or finish it without a few squares of dark chocolate. It's good for my mood!
I'm lucky enough to lead a very active life, so I'm always on the go.
When I say something funny, I don't laugh.
There is something about New Orleans that embodies passion; I've never seen that before. There's something tangible about the essence of the city. You can taste and smell it.
The New York that Frank Sinatra sang about, people will never know that place. The New Orleans that Louis Armstrong sang about is the New Orleans that's still there - it's preserved.
Who doesn't want to be Martha Stewart?
There have been so many things written about me that are untrue and horrifying.
Family is at the heart of everything I do.
If I could pass along anything that my mother or my sisters taught me, I feel like my kids would be very well off.
My mom is a huge woman of worth for me because she's been my idol my whole life. My mom was someone who juggled everything. She had her own career, she raised five kids, she was Superwoman... and she was never satisfied doing just one thing because... she probably just had too much energy.
I always appreciated the magnitude of my mother's imagination. She always saw beauty in what was broken, and she'd preserve it.
I think I'm very much an entrepreneur, but I know I have the ability to start a company in a lot of ways than other people who are more qualified because I have this existing brand as an actress.
You can't be an entrepreneur for other people. You can't start a company for other people. You have to love it more than you ever thought of loving something that wasn't a human being. The demands will kick you down and rob your life - but yet, it is so rewarding.
When I moved to New York, I started switching fragrances. Between different seasons I would change fragrance, or if I was going out for a big fancy night versus going out in the daytime. But I also found that I was changing and growing so much.
I want to get involved in causes I believe in, and I know so many others that want to also get involved, but it's hard to know how. Often, it's through big organisations, and you don't know exactly where your money is going or what effect you are having.
The older I get, I guess I wear less sparkles.
I just want Beyonce to be the mother of my children.
I love layering things. Fall is my favorite time of the year to get dressed.
I feel a lot. I get really bad stomachaches all the time. So I went to a doctor, and he said, 'You're a feeler.' I take on people's pain a little too much.
When you don't have someone to model yourself after, you're going to make mistakes.
I've kissed just three people in my life, other than stuff that I've done for TV or movies. I know - I'm weird!
I was class president, on the cheerleading squad, in a competitive show choir, and in, like, six different clubs.
I came from a big family... a big family of Southerners.
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is just perfect-looking. Whether she's walking down the street, she looks so regal and elegant all the time, and I love that.
I don't know; I don't really look at pictures of me when I'm in public.
My family is probably too involved in my life because they are my best friends, but I love that.
I'd rather be by myself than be spending any time or energy on somebody that I didn't feel sure about.
I've never gone on a date... If I've ever had a man in my life, it's because I know him well, and he really means something to me.
There are days when I will be like, 'Oh my goodness, I am not happy with the way I look because I cannot fit into any of my clothes.' So I eat quinoa that week, and then I feel good.
I always love somebody who makes me laugh, who's fun to be with.
If I could spit out a litter of kids, I would.
My dad was an English professor.
You know that old saying, 'A way to a man's heart is through his stomach' - that's me.
People want things with meaning. I know that because I want that.
Forget the fake syrupy stuff. Melt down a bar of chocolate, mix it into some warmed up whipping cream, and put it on top of ice cream. Add some sprinkles, and you've got a delicious treat.
I was always observing my siblings and hearing stories about their lives that turned out to be helpful as an actress.
I grew up in L.A., but I was the only one in my family born there.
I've always been a night owl.
I think that when you smell good, you feel good. You know how when you're in a room and someone else smells good, you're like, 'Where is that?'
I love a challenge.
There are lots of actresses I consider to be my icons, from Katharine Hepburn and Grace Kelly to Diane Keaton and Meryl Streep.
I have to learn to knit.
I was in a show choir. I can't sing or dance to save my life, but I was very passionate. People said my parents paid the choir director to let me in. It was actually the parents who started that one!
I'm guilty of going to a fitting, then going out to buy the same outfit. It's been a problem for my bank account!
Soy lattes get me through my day!
In the olden days, a couple could be in every movie together, but it's just not like that anymore.
On average, I order about three meals for myself in one sitting.
People think I'm goofy. I don't have that Angelina Jolie air to me. I wish that I did, and that's an insecurity of mine.
When I'm in a relationship, I give my heart and soul to it and do it 100 percent.
If a guy can play Guitar Hero with me and sit at home and watch the Food Network and read magazines with me, that's good. I don't think there are many guys that's fun for. It's a lot to ask.
You can't really go wrong as long as you're true to yourself.
I tend to like to make my statements more in fashion than in beauty, because what I normally respond to is when someone looks really effortless and deconstructed, beauty-wise, and they're fashion is really grand. Someone like Kate Moss is a great example.
When you shampoo your hair, you're trying to get the oil out of your roots, but you really want the rest of your hair to maintain its moisture. When you put coconut oil on the ends, the shampoo gets oil out of the roots, but also protects the ends.
