American,Actress
I was going to start a housekeeping business at one point because I'm really good at cleaning houses.
I was a super tomboy growing up.
I've gone to prom multiple times, had fights with the principal, a relationship with my teacher. When people ask if I wish I had gone to high school, I tell them that I've acted all of that stuff out, and it just doesn't seem like fun.
I eat like no other; it drives everyone crazy. I eat donuts three times a day, and I probably go through four Mountain Dews a day. I'm on, like, a sugar high at all times, pretty much.
On the one blind date I went on, I had a backup. If I texted you the code word, you call and say my dogs are sick.
I am the oldest of seven. Do my siblings think I'm super cool? I wish they thought I was super cool!
I like really bad T.V.; it's a problem. Love me some reality.
After 'Life Unexpected' ended, I wanted to do something that was completely different from Lux and that show. I wanted to be able to keep my fans, but not have them confused about who I was or what my character was.
I was home-schooled. My mom wasn't a fan of public school systems.
I was 14 or 15 when I moved to L.A. permanently, but I had been out for pilot season for a few years before that.
I never had a problem with social situations. A lot of times, when people are in school, they can have a little hesitancy because people are mean sometimes. I never had that problem because I never had that experience. So, I had a pretty easy transition.
I am close - too close - with my family.
I was 11 and watching soap operas with my mom, and I thought it would be cool to be an actor. I thought soap operas was going to be the dream at the time - it's obviously now not the dream, but I think soap operas are really cool. Maybe I'll go back to that.
I don't like when people put their dishes in the dishwasher without scrubbing them properly because it comes out with those little white dots and then you can't get those out. And you have to rewash them.
I never talk about auditions. Even if I've got the role, I won't tell people until we're literally filming it.
I like the wild characters. I like the idea of being a character actor without being a character actor.
I think it would be amazing to be a character actor and still be a lead now and then in movies.
I like down-to-Earth characters, but I also like being able to get outside my box of knowledge.
When you're not the lead, you don't have as many restrictions.
My family is large and in charge! That's my favorite way to describe them.
The song 'Can't Look Back Now' by the Weepies reminds me of the entire 'Life Unexpected' experience.
As a kid, I would always shop for my back-to-school clothes at department stores. I lived in a small town, and department stores were all we had access to.
The perfect shorts are always important.
I tried to play every sport. I wasn't great at most of them, but at least I tried!
I'm a huge horror fan.
I'm not even a little bit talented at the red-carpet makeup thing, but recently I did learn how to give myself dramatic-looking eyes and how to contour my cheekbones.
