American,Actress
I'm so single. It's funny. I'm usually a relationship girl. I love being in love and having a partner in crime. But it's good to be your own partner in crime. God, that makes me sound like I have multiple-personality disorder.
I was 85 lbs. at my 2000 homecoming dance. But I wanted my collarbones and hip bones to show more. I'd feel my hip bones to make sure they were out. If not, I had more weight to lose. I lost my period until I was 17. I loved that. It meant I wasn't healthy, and I didn't want to be healthy.
It's so cliche to say florals for spring. I really like a vintage-like dress that's floral. You can belt it; I like belts. I like wearing pretty dresses that are really comfortable, that you can spend the day in but also feel girly.
I have had every hair color. I joke with my hair colorist. She keeps sheets of paper on every hair color that I've had, so she has records of it all. She's done my hair since I was 15, and I guess I have a thick folder going because I've had so many different hair colors.
I have always loved Reese Witherspoon and Amy Adams as role models - I read all their interviews and agree with the fundamentals of how they manage the limelight and also how they look and carry themselves. A huge part of beauty is how you carry yourself and how you deal with certain situations.
After 'Prom Night' I did two movies where I was playing a prostitute. I gravitate towards characters that have some sort of inner turmoil or some sort of character arc. That's the great thing about acting, so many different things and being really diverse in your choices.
I'm very claustrophobic.
I have a ladybug on my wrist that I got when I was doing 'John Tucker Must Die,' and I have a tattoo on my ankle that's in Sanskrit that says 'Fearless.'
I love 'The Bachelor!' Yeah, all people love 'The Bachelor.'
I think my least favorite hair color was the hair color that I had in 'Pitch Perfect 2.' They really wanted me to be dark red, and I wanted to be lighter like I was in the first movie, but they didn't want that. But I rocked some light red for a year, after it faded.
I wish I was 100 percent confident in my own skin. It's always a process, but getting older, I've become more confident.
I love fashion and appreciate it so much, and I feel like it's moving artwork going down a runway.
I know from my own personal experience. I was bullied in middle school and high school and went through my fair share of hard times thereafter. Also, one of my really good friends committed suicide when I was in high school.
I keep 'The Paper Bag Princess' by Robert Munsch on my shelf to remind me that my prince will love me no matter what I wear. Cheesy!
I stay away from things that I know break me out - I am weirdly allergic to mango and almonds. I take evening primrose and supplements that have EFA fatty acids in them to just balance out my hormones and skin, and I take a lot of vitamin C. I drink a lot of water, try to eat really organic, and try to eat things that benefit my skin.
I have to shave every day. If I don't, it's sort of like going to bed without brushing your teeth for me - but I'm a crazy person so maybe that's why.
My mom is big on moisturizer and water. She always reminds me to drink a lot of water and wear sunglasses because I always forget them when I go out, even though they are one of my favorite accessories. She always reminds me about wrinkles, and always did, so it's kind of been ingrained into me.
With Instagram and Twitter, you're constantly looking at other people and comparing yourself to them, and it's just not beneficial. There is always going to be someone skinnier or prettier or with better skin, and that same girl you're looking at is comparing herself to someone else.
He was so good with the kids on the set. He just knew exactly how to handle them. The baby would cry and Vin would hold him and do all these weird sounds and the baby would stop crying. It was really cute.
I didn't really work with Vin on it except we talked about it a little bit. I think it was kind of cool because we didn't think it was going to be that emotional. I don't think Vin knew I was going to be that emotional.
I grew up doing all that stuff because I was obsessed with the '50s. I had sock hops for birthday parties. So I've always done The Twist and stuff. It was pretty natural and, with my parents doing it all the time, I'd just copy them. Not very pretty.
I mean, I'm pretty good in real life, but sometimes people seem surprised that I'm like a normal teenager and wear black nail polish and I'm just a little bit more edgy than the person I play on television.
Well, I had said to my friends, it's going to be good, but I bet it's going to be cheesy in a way. And I didn't think that at all. It's so good and was just so funny.
I knew that my hair was falling out and I had really weird skin. My face looked really weird and I was getting this fuzz on my face and I was always cold - always to the point of uncontrollably shaking. I was more scared that 85 lbs. wasn't good enough. I wanted to be lower.
Love Is Louder is a movement that is hopefully going to bring some awareness and make some noise when it comes to teens who are feeling suicidal or even just sad, outcasts, and being bullied, and really feel like they have nowhere to turn to.
I understand and get when kids and teenagers feel like they're alone and it's not going to get better. My advice is that there is a support system out there, there are a lot of people who have been through what you're going through and are going through it now.
I will sleep all day; I love staying in bed with my dog and reading and not getting up and checking my phone. And that gets me into trouble because I have things to do, and that's not very productive.
I think it's just a nerve-wracking thing to sing in a movie in general.
At age 12, I was on 'Guiding Light,' and I wanted to be accepted by these adults I was working with. I started with the Eat Right for Your Type diet. A friend who was a little older was doing it. I have a perfectionist personality, so I wanted to do the best job I could. I was not eating anything it said not to.
A misperception about anorexia is that you don't eat. Not true. Maybe you eat just 500 calories a day. It would be easy for me to say, 'Why didn't my parents notice?' But I didn't want them to. I made sure to eat half a sandwich around my parents.
I go to the gym three times a week and do Pilates three times a week, but not for more than an hour. It's not healthy.
Pretty much everything that I pick, when it comes to choosing roles, is just based on things and materials that grabs me. It's pretty much the subject matter that I gravitate towards.
I love hanging out with my friends; I love to run. I box. I'm a huge movie buff.
The thing about 'On the Doll,' I was doing 'Nip/Tuck' at the time, and I was doing only 5 or 6 scenes an episode. So I had some free time, and I wanted to do something completely different than what I've ever done before.
On 'Nip/Tuck,' I was a Nazi, so basically for, like, six months. I went into this place where I was wearing a lot of black. Everyone has a dark side, and I can channel that.
Growing up in Florida and having naturally curly hair was a bit tough. I had to learn to do treatments and masks to keep the frizz under control.
My big 'don't' would be wearing something just because someone told you it looks cool. I think a lot of people fall victim to that - of doing something that's a trend, but then you can tell if they don't own it or don't like it.
If I don't like what I'm wearing, you can see it on my face in any picture right away. It makes a big difference when you feel like you're wearing your style, and it's something that you picked out, or you feel really good in it.
I play 'Just Dance' all the time - actually my girlfriends and I have slumber parties where we actually do this on a monthly basis and make total fools of ourselves.
I stay out of the sun; I'm pretty fair. I don't tan - I burn, so I stay out.
I'm a huge believer in you don't really need anybody to make you feel validated or make you feel secure. When you go to sleep at night, you're with yourself, and when you wake up, you're with yourself. Be happy, just alone, regardless if you're with somebody or not.
I am a huge fan of Reese Witherspoon, and I always get told that I look like her little sister. So I would love to play her little sister one day.
