American,Actress
Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life.
Don't waste a minute not being happy. If one window closes, run to the next window- or break down a door.
Someone said adversity builds character, but someone else said adversity reveals character. I'm pleasantly surprised with my resilience. I persevere, and not just blindly. I take the best, get rid of the rest, and move on, realizing that you can make a choice to take the good.
Modeling is the world that I feel most welcome in.
The thing about Broadway, they always welcome you with open arms.
Honesty is the quality I value most in a friend. Not bluntness, but honesty with compassion.
Being nice to everybody, saying hello to everyone in the room, signing every autograph; it was instilled in me at a very young age that this was what I was suppose to do. But I don't think it helps at all. I see more people who are rude or arrogant being rewarded - but, this way, I can put my head on the pillow at night.
I was always with a single mom, and we never had schedules or anything. We were just Bohemian, us against the world, which was kind of great, but it certainly didn't breed security. I've gotten hyper-sensitive to schedules and bath time and eating at the dinner table. We don't just 'Bohemian' go out at nine o'clock and go get Chinese food.
As I'm getting older, I'm enjoying my vices so much more because I feel like I've deserved them.
At Princeton I gained a great deal of pleasure from success in my classes. knowing that I could accomplish those things, and I realized that my success was directly proportionate to the work I put in.
We live in New York. To be able to have a steady job and take your kids to school, and be around and work hard, is the perfect life.
The difficulty of IVF or of any fertility issues is the hope and the shattered hope, the dream that it might happen this time and then it doesn't happen.
I've never been naturally fashion conscious. I'm the kind of person who sees a whole outfit in a magazine, runs out and buys it but looks like a clown.
The very damaging, frightening part of postpartum is the lack of perspective and the lack of priority and understanding what is really important.
I hope this will help new moms not feel alone or desperate, and that there is no shame in their feelings. PPD is out of their control, but the treatment and healing process is not.
I would have thought that I would have become one of those parents - just because it's my nature to be such a perfectionist - that anything falling short, I would have seen as a failure. But something has happened to me over the past few years - it's not Zen, believe me, I'm not at all Zen - but I'm so appreciative of even the chaos.
I have a group of friends in my life, and we all give each other something different. I've known my two closest friends for many years. One is a friend from high school, and the other I met right after college. My deep, deep friends remind me every day of the good parts of my personality.
Too many people use abortion as a form of birth control. And that's very wrong. I could never, ever have an abortion.
You don't necessarily have to be in misery to be talented.
The thing I'm the most proud of in my personal life is that my daughter actually thinks that I'm fabulous.
The most rewarding thing is being on Broadway. I went into Cabaret as a replacement and was really challenged beyond anything I could have imagined.
'Suddenly Susan' is my life.
My younger years of modeling were really just filled with fun trips. I was doing catalogues for Alexander's and Bloomingdale's.
My father's death, my move, and my frightening and difficult delivery created a tremendous amount of stress, pain, and sadness for me. I was practically devastated beyond recovery.
It was my mom and I against the world. We lived in New York in this bohemian lifestyle where an extended group of artists and photographers were like my aunts and uncles.
I'm just starting to realize the type of work that I want to do. Not everyone can fit into the sitcom world because it's so fast-paced, but it feels comfortable to me.
What Tupperware has stood for all these years is the independence of women, allowing women to work from home, earn a living - and that what this Boys & Girls Clubs of America program, the SMART Girls program, is about.
The older I get, the younger I feel. Growing up, I was always the kid, but I spoke like an adult and was in adult roles. I didn't feel like a kid. The older I get, I actually feel younger! Which is good. I always thought when you get older, you'll want to slow down, but I want to do even more.
I love getting baths and going to the Korean spas and getting pummeled and scrubbed, and its so hot in the sauna you can't even stand it. I have to do things in a pretty extreme way to calm down. So a Swedish massage is not going to do it! I need to know that they're in there with their thumbs and moving stuff around.
My husband perpetually makes fun of me about my creams and my jars and potions and lotions, but its simpler than anyone makes it: clean, tone, keep yourself moisturized. The rest is internal: Protect yourself from the sun and drink water.
Love can produce the children, but it has nothing to do with the raising of the children. I grew up thinking, 'Oh, that's it. All I have to do is fall in love.' You may think love will change everything, but it really is different with children. Children don't necessarily bring you together; they challenge you.
I think once you have children, you just don't have the same kind of freedom to pick up and go. But then, I sort of think, how often did I really do it? How spontaneous was I really? Part of what I think I miss is this fantasy of my wild days, but they never existed!
I look back at myself, this innocent person, and I think, 'Gosh, she's okay.' I handled a lot, and I'm still here.
Depression is so smart - it uses all your references and patterns.
The truth is, I like my body more when it's thinner. I have a range of jeans, and I'm happier in the smaller ones. But I don't have the same drive to get into those jeans. I'm not going to change my day to get there, whereas I used to.
I always sold other peoples' fashions, so I wore jeans and t-shirts, and I put on what they needed to sell, and I'd sell it. So as far a nurturing my own style, it took me quite a long time to do it.
