American,Actress
As a teenager, I was perpetually grounded. I was stubborn rather than rebellious.
I never really dyed my hair anything significant from my natural hair color.
I've admired Anthony Hopkins for so long, and when I finally got to meet him in person, I became totally immobile and speechless! I stood there looking at him and couldn't say a word.
Yeah, I'm a little weird. I'm definitely a little eccentric.
I've always been, with acting, very hesitant to get myself into situations where I would be accused of nepotism.
I'm a night owl.
Creativity is all around us, and some of the funniest, most beautiful, and touching moments happen when you least expect it.
For me, breastfeeding was even more painful than giving birth. And despite a lactation consultant, I felt incompetent. I forged on, barely sleeping, always either breastfeeding or pumping and never getting the hang of it.
My body's my best friend.
Sometimes people are like, 'Do you want to play strong women?' I don't have to play strong women in order to feel like a strong woman myself, but I do feel it's important to play characters that are complex and interesting and believable.
It's, like, sort of a dream thing for an actor when they're told to gain weight.
I loved being pregnant.
My dad made a film called 'Willow' when he was a young filmmaker, which screened at the Cannes film festival, and people were booing afterwards.
I want to be a good example for my son. That's the best way to parent - to be the example of what you want to see in them. That's definitely how my parents parented and how my grandparents parented. And it works.
I can only really speak for myself and what I've noticed in my kids and the people in my life, but because dinosaurs were real, and yet they seem so fantastical, is why they held such a huge fascination for me as a child. They're so different from human beings.
I found out I was pregnant seven days after my wedding. I was on honeymoon with my family.
What keeps me sane the most is, honestly, the Serenity Prayer.
My greatest dream is to work with my dad someday as an actress.
You meet your soulmate, and you're like, 'Well, this is it. This is the feeling of falling in love, and it's the most intense it can ever be.' Then you have a child, and it's like - it's huge!
I have an amino acid missing that you can only get from certain kinds of eggs. So, I've been eating a few eggs.
Telling everyone I wanted to go into forensic anthropology was my form of rebellion.
I definitely managed to do different kinds of things. My focus is usually who the director is, because at the end of the day the director is the storyteller, what the movie is all about. I don't want to participate in something that I don't think is constructive storytelling.
I did karate for years and years and years.
Using the word 'bossy' for girls can be quite harmful. What is that saying - that being focused, being assertive, being the boss has a negative attribute? And I have heard that term associated more with women than with men. 'He's so bossy' - you don't hear that. It's a very subtle thing.
I feel like I almost didn't grow up in the business, because my parents worked so hard at sheltering us from that. I was raised in Connecticut. And I honestly wasn't aware that my dad was a celebrity until I moved to Los Angeles a year ago.
I've always had the perspective that roles come into my life when I need them most and sort of teach me lessons. The same can be true of films, films are released into society to aid in a lesson, inspire people, comfort people.
Getting on a popular, long-running show like 'Happy Days' is the actor's equivalent of winning the lottery.
Actors create a fantastic lifestyle thinking they're going to be able to maintain it. Then they can't get work or have to start taking work that doesn't suit them.
My sister can walk down the street and just know what's going on with people. She'll say, 'Oh, they're going through a divorce' or, 'Their kid just went off to college' or, 'He just got a great job.'
It is an honor for me to take part in Canon's Project Imagin8ion, partnering with a brand that is empowering young filmmakers and is at the forefront of technology.
Directing 'When You Find Me' was one of the most creatively rewarding endeavors of my career.
Everything about doing 'Jurassic World' was a dream come true.
I try to focus moment to moment on being an aware, responsible, contributive member of society. You see trash on the ground, pick it up!
I think the success of the 'Twilight' movies, not just the books, comes down to Stephenie Meyer.
There's not a higher stake than someone having to face their own death.
The thing that every parent hopes for is that the baby's healthy, I'm healthy. No matter how you feel, that's the most important thing.
I don't know how many roles I can ask my dad to play in my life, but so far, father, best friend, role model, mentor and grandfather to my children are working out quite well.
My first pregnancy, I gained 75 pounds.
I'm a little superstitious.
While 'The Help' is in so many ways a celebration of these women's friendships and what they overcome, it's also very truthful and very painful, and it was intense for my mom to read that.
I'm a little Type A, and I have this really thick binder whenever I do a movie where I make a million notes, and in between takes, I'm checking it out.
Everyone in Hollywood has a screenplay.
I created a fitness club with five friends. We have weekly check-ins and a reward system - and group penalties if one of us slacks off.
Kevin Kline is an honorary Brit.
I'm always trying to figure out what my taste is, what my likes and dislikes are.
I would amputate my toes to work with Lars von Trier again.
You have to see, kid by kid, what their needs are and what kind of parent you need to be for them.
'50/50' is a comedy. I shouldn't say it's a buddy comedy because it's not farcical, and it's based on a true story, but it's viewing that experience through a very truthful lens of humour.
I'm obsessed with my parents.
Tom Hanks is fantastic - he is one of my dad's good friends, and he's very warm and funny.
My mum told me, 'At that moment when you know you can't do both, the marriage and the kids, choose the marriage because you're going to be spending your whole lives together, so you have to put a lot of work and attention into the relationship.'
My friends knew I was obsessed with these 'Twilight' boys because I love a dangerous love story.
I've always been a little bit cautious about what projects I step into. I don't mean to be dramatic, but I feel that every single thing you do in life, you give a piece of your soul, and I want to be responsible with that.
If I was producing something, it wouldn't make sense to me to cast somebody because of who their father is because that doesn't put anyone in the seats in the theatre. I wouldn't go to a movie because that person's father is so and so.
Getting to have an opportunity to tell a story that is about mental illness and how it affects one's self and one's community was really something that really meant a lot to me.
You can't raise kids alone, you can't heal alone... you really need a community.
I stepped in for Nicole Kidman in 'Dogville' when she left that film.
I've done a lot of weird, otherworldly characters, and I think I'm at my best when I'm kind of in the woods running around screaming or depressed.
I try to go with the flow and have faith that everything is going to work out.
Whenever I hear the word 'breakout,' I associate it with acne.
I will never reach the success that my dad has felt.
I'm very conventional compared to my parents.
Do I wish I had never endured postpartum depression? Absolutely. But to deny the experience is to deny who I am.
It's not that I'm a serious person; I'm playful and stuff like that, but I take characters very seriously and the work very seriously.
I'm very sturdy and very proud of it.
After I did 'Orchids,' I enrolled back in film school and did a million and a half workshops and worked with great professors and people, trying to hopefully get better.
My first time I directed a play was 'No Exit,' a play set in a subway.
Writing 'when you find me,' it really exposed me to a way of putting together a story I hadn't thought of.
Of course any kind of film process has ups and downs and days where you're stuck and have breakthroughs.
When I was coming of age, I remembered reading and studying the initial ideas within the feminist movement. There was this idea with my parents' generation that in order to find equality, a woman would need to behave like a man.
Joss Whedon is a hero of mine, and what he's done for women in film and television, particularly when it comes to writing female roles that would typically go to a man, is awesome.
When I was grounded, I wouldn't be allowed to go on set. That's how much I loved it.
When I was seven, I was allowed to be an extra in 'Parenthood,' which was amazing. But then I kind of got addicted to it, and my parents didn't want me to want to act. They felt that would be putting your kid in an adult world.
My mom always told me one of the reasons that she was really happy in her life was that, if Dad never worked again, she was confident that she could support the family.
My parents have been together since they were 16 years old.
As far as I'm concerned: Chris Pratt for president! He'd save us.
I'm not a strong cook. I can do the crockpot; that's about it.
I'm drawn toward filmmakers who have a very distinctive voice. I really appreciate people who push themselves and, therefore, push the medium forward.
There's a lot of wisdom that my dad and my grandparents and my uncle have been able to impart on me, and what I've treasured the most is I've seen examples in my life of people embracing their creativity, not feeling insecure about their artistic inclinations.
