American,Actress
The good thing about being pregnant is that I don't have to worry about sucking it in or dieting!
No one cares what you ate for breakfast. Unless it's something really spectacular, don't tweet me your breakfast, I don't care.
After 'Freaks and Geeks,' I dealt with several producers who wanted to cover up all my beauty marks, every single mole on my body. They tried to cover them on my first two episodes of 'Dawson's Creek,' and it just looked ridiculous, so I had to put my foot down. But it's not something I'm insecure about.
I'm kind of lucky that we've finished shooting 'Cougar Town,' so I'm able to kind of just enjoy my pregnancy and be a stay-at-home mom and go to prenatal Pilates and do all that fun stuff that, if I were working, would be almost impossible to do.
I'm a sucker for a sale. I don't understand why anyone wants to pay full price for anything because everything goes on sale. I love sale websites. In fact - this is almost kind of embarrassing - I'm coming from an Isabel Marant sample sale.
Yes, I'm having a baby. I think it's so hard as a woman to give yourself a break. It's great to be healthy but you have to set a good example for your kids and know that it's not about a number on a scale but how you feel.
I never underestimate the power of hot rollers for your hair and eyelash curlers for your eyelashes.
In high school I had some famously egregious fashion missteps. I was really out there in fashion, I think because I wanted attention. I would wear crazy patterns, skin-tight pants and giant platform shoes.
We're not co-sleeping. I'm all for what people want to do in their home, but I need my bed. I'm a terrible sleeper... I toss and turn and flip, and it would just be a disaster if there were a baby there. And I think it's important for a kid to have their own space.
Nobody wants to see a bejeweled pregnant lady from top to bottom.
I find it to be strange that people get obsessed about how fast actresses and celebrities are taking off their baby weight. I guess people like to look to them and feel better about themselves or feel worse about themselves.
It's interesting when people make comments about celebrities' weight gain or lack of weight gain as if they're a medical professional that's treating that celebrity. Like, 'This doctor does not treat Jessica Simpson, but thinks her weight is unhealthy.' If you don't treat her, then how do you know?
I do think moms should be given a break, all across the board. And I think that the most important thing is that you're healthy. After I had my little girl, I wanted to be healthy for her and have a healthy body image so that she hopefully grows up to see that her self worth isn't defined by how thin she is.
I was in New York and I went to a meatball shop with my friend and there was paparazzi there and I thought, 'How did you know that someone was gonna come to this meatball shop?' But I was pregnant and I wanted a meatball sub and let me tell you, it was delicious.
Birdie is amazing and such an incredible child and I'm having such a great time being a mom but I still want to have a career and I still look forward to auditions and parts, and when I don't get them I'm disappointed.
It's ludicrous that my friends in California aren't able to legally get married. It's a civil rights issue. In 20 years we're going to look back at tapes of these antigay people saying ridiculous things on the news and it's going to sound as antiquated as the newsreels of horrible racists from the '50s.
I never doubted that I would work, and every time I went to an audition, I went into the room with the knowledge that I was going to get the part. Ninety-nine times out of 100, I didn't.
I only became a celebrity because I had a kid. Before I was pregnant nobody cared. I joke to my agent that having a baby made my career.
I don't believe in guilty pleasures. If you enjoy something, there's nothing guilty about it.
I'm actually incapable of lying. I'm like a parody of a person who can't lie.
I would never be on a reality show.
I have the same pet peeve as Anderson Cooper, which is bare feet in public. I hate it. It so grosses me out, especially in New York. Oh my God, New York in the summer with people and their feet in their sandals and their flip-flops, like get it away!
Your first pregnancy you have nothing to do except sleep and take care of yourself and go to prenatal yoga or whatever. Now I have a full-time job, I have a four-year-old, I've got a life that is demanding my attention, so I've gone to prenatal yoga once. It's such a bummer.
I had a baby with no pain medicine, mainly because most people I talked to didn't think I'd be able to do it. So there!
I'm so happy for anyone who chooses to get married! I want more people to join the club.
I love little Peter Pan collars and little puff sleeves.
