Irish,Actress
I would've been a really big silent movie star.
Many children with cancer in the developing world can be cured. But without appropriate treatment, few survive.
The hardest part when I decided to move into acting was trusting I'd made the right decision.
I think every credit you get and every film you have your name attached to makes things a little bit easier. It definitely opens doors up, but it's still a grind.
'Game of Thrones' has multiple story lines, multiple countries, and it's complete fantasy.
New York's definitely got my heart.
I enjoyed L.A. because it was nice to be in the sunshine and live in a house with proper wardrobes. I loved the space.
The Scottish Highlands are incredible. There seems to be magic and poetry everywhere.
I didn't start traveling abroad until I was 17, but I spent many summers on the beaches of Donegal in Ireland.
Glasgow has truly become my home away from home.
I saw a documentary on the Naadam festival that happens in Mongolia during the summer. One of the features of it is a horse race across the plains that all the young men enter - some as young as 12 years old. It's such a spectacular sight. It's incredible to think that this is a tradition that has been going on for centuries.
The herbalist I met a few times - it was great - she gave me literature about the different processes that an herbalist would do to make medicines from certain herbs and things.
I was at a restaurant in Glasgow, and I was walking down the stairs. A woman passed me and said, 'Oh my God, what are you doing here?' I didn't know who she was, and I was like, 'Sorry?' She goes, 'Oh no, sorry, I follow you on Twitter. I just didn't expect to see you here.'
I think the first role I ever played was Mr. Bumble in a production of 'Oliver.'
Doesn't everyone hate Kristen Stewart?
Modelling wasn't a passion of mine, so that made it get old kind of quickly. I was getting very frustrated.
When we think about the past, we think, 'It must have been so boring.' It's actually not.
When I was 18, I left Dublin and moved to Paris. I didn't speak French. I didn't know anyone. I felt like a fish out of water.
