American,Actress
I can't wait to be that age and hanging out with a bunch of people hanging out all day playing golf and going to the beach, all my own age. We'd be laughing and having a good time and getting loopy on our prescription drugs. Driving golf carts around. I can't wait.
I'm a pretty girl who's a model who doesn't suck as an actress.
I'd kiss a frog even if there was no promise of a Prince Charming popping out of it. I love frogs.
French fries. I love them. Some people are chocolate and sweets people. I love French fries. That and caviar.
Your regrets aren't what you did, but what you didn't do. So I take every opportunity.
I eat a cheeseburger with French fries almost every day.
It's important to be active in the causes that are important to you... That's how we make changes in this world.
I'm very happy with the way I look. I wake up some morning, catch myself in the bathroom mirror, and go, 'hey girl, you're alright'. But on the other hand, I find the website stuff, and the polls, something completely removed from my own personal life. You can't take anything like that too seriously, otherwise you'd end up in the loony bin.
I hate committing myself to anything. It's probably the lack of discipline, honestly. I'm probably a spoiled brat worried about getting my way every time.
Whenever I don't' have to wear makeup, it's a good day.
I don't care how smart a kid you are. The only way you learn what's not right is from experience.
I can spend hours in a grocery store. I get so excited when I see food, I go crazy. I spend hours arranging my baskets so that everything fits in and nothing gets squashed. I'm really anal about it, actually.
I don't even own a TV because I think it's the devil.
Everything's a risk, by the way, these days. Every film you make is a risk. There's no guarantee.
I've been noticing gravity since I was very young.
I have to remind my dad, 'Journalists - no matter how many cigars they smoke with you - are not your friends, so don't talk to them.'
When I go out, I love steak and caviar.
People think I'm trying to make a fashion statement because I never wear a bra. It's really that I'm a tomboy at heart.
You haven't partied until you've partied at dawn in complete silence with Buddhist monks.
I think that anything that you do, any accomplishment that you make, you have to work for. And I've worked very hard in the last ten years of my life, definitely, and I can tell you that hard work pays off. It's not just a cliche.
Acting allows me to tell a lot of stories, you know start at the beginning, finish at the end, and tell everything in between. Modelling is just an image.
If you really want to torture me, sit me in a room strapped to a chair and put Mariah Carey's records on.
I believe that when you're in love you have to pour your heart and soul out to your partner... or why bother? So in that sense I'm an incurable romantic when it comes to men.
I grew up with a lot of boys. I probably have a lot of testosterone for a woman.
What we women need to do, instead of worrying about what we don't have, is just love what we do have.
I'm like every other woman: a closet full of clothes, but nothing to wear: So I wear jeans.
I've always been a huge fan of Julia Roberts. Without her what would the world be like?
I don't believe you should make fun of anyone but yourself.
You get kind of bored being in catalogues all the time.
I want to be a big, fleshy voluptuous woman with curves. I want a big bum, but I don't have one.
I've banged my head quite a bit. I liked Iron Maiden, Ozzy, AC/DC. And of course, Ratt and Poison.
I would love a family. I'm at the age where the wish for a child gets stronger. But who knows.
I can't say this enough, I'm totally comfortable with my body. I like my body, I don't think it's a bad thing, I think I have a nice body, I'm happy with it.
I love physical kinds of comedy and getting down and dirty and doing stunts. When I was growing up, I was always getting into fights with guys and usually punching out boys my age because I was a lot bigger and tougher. So I'm naturally accustomed to putting myself into the headspace of a girl who can take care of herself.
I love the feeling that you get when you can really laugh with a man and be natural and not always think that there's a sexual element going on. For me, flirting with a man means making fun of myself and trying to open myself and be very unpretentious.
Women are capable of doing so many things these days, physically, emotionally, within relationships and career. There are so many things that women have evolved into and I feel really proud about where women are right now.
