American,Actress
If my life wasn't funny, it would just be true, and that's unacceptable.
Everything is negotiable. Whether or not the negotiation is easy is another thing.
I always wrote. I wrote from when I was 12. That was therapeutic for me in those days. I wrote things to get them out of feeling them, and onto paper. So writing in a way saved me, kept me company. I did the traditional thing with falling in love with words, reading books and underlining lines I liked and words I didn't know.
You get to choose what monsters you want to slay. I'm sorry to say this again, but let's face it - the Force is with you.
I am mentally ill. I can say that. I am not ashamed of that. I survived that, I'm still surviving it, but bring it on. Better me than you.
I don't want to be thought of as a survivor because you have to continue getting involved in difficult situations to show off that particular gift, and I'm not interested in doing that anymore.
My comfort wasn't the most important thing - my getting through to the other side of difficult feelings was. However long it might seem to take, and however unfair it might seem, it was my job to do it.
I'm fine, but I'm bipolar. I'm on seven medications, and I take medication three times a day. This constantly puts me in touch with the illness I have. I'm never quite allowed to be free of that for a day. It's like being a diabetic.
Over time, I've paid attention, taken notes and forgotten easily half of everything I've gone through.
What I always wanna tell young people now: Pay attention. This isn't gonna happen again. Rather than try to understand it as it's going along, have it go along for a while and then understand it.
As you get older, the pickings get slimmer, but the people don't.
He's a very strange guy, my father. I can't get mad at him because he's so adorable.
I went to a doctor and told him I felt normal on acid, that I was a light bulb in a world of moths. That is what the manic state is like.
You can't find any true closeness in Hollywood, because everybody does the fake closeness so well.
I have a mess in my head sometimes, and there's something very satisfying about putting it into words. Certainly it's not something that you're in charge of, necessarily, but writing about it, putting it into your words, can be a very powerful experience.
I'm very sane about how crazy I am.
My father was a joyous, joyous spirit, he really was. He was a hedonist, that was just - he enjoyed life, thrust up to the elbows with it. He was a terrible father. I don't know that he was parented that well.
Mistakes are a drag, because you get in the area of regret and self-pity.
I have two moods. One is Roy, rollicking Roy, the wild ride of a mood. And Pam, sediment Pam, who stands on the shore and sobs... Sometimes the tide is in, sometimes it's out.
Certainly there are people who like me, but then there are those who don't know me who gossip about me. You can't believe the things I've heard.
I have been Princess Leia exclusively. It's been a part of my life for 40 years.
Instant gratification takes too long.
What I wrote all the time when I was a kid - I don't want to call it 'poetry,' because it wasn't poetry. I was not that kind of a writer. I was a rhymer. I was a fan of Dorothy Parker's, so maybe I wrote poetry to that extent, but my main focus was the humor of it, and word construction, and the slant. Your words, it's a very powerful experience.
If you claim something, you can own it.
The manic end of is a lot of fun.
Anything you can do in excess for the wrong reasons is exciting to me.
Leia follows me like a vague smell.
Kevin Smith is a very challenging conversationalist and Jay has many great stories.
I spent a year in a 12-step program, really committed, because I could not believe what had happened - that I might have killed myself.
I really love the internet. They say chat-rooms are the trailer park of the internet but I find it amazing.
Drugs made me feel more normal.
I was street smart, but unfortunately the street was Rodeo Drive.
I don't think Christmas is necessarily about things. It's about being good to one another, it's about the Christian ethic, it's about kindness.
People are still asking me if I knew Star Wars was going to be that big of a hit. Yes, we all knew. The only one who didn't know was George.
I was born into big celebrity. It could only diminish.
You can't find true affection in Hollywood because everyone does the fake affection so well.
Acting engenders and harbours qualities that are best left way behind in adolescence.
My mother's career was over at 40 but she was still trying to be everyone's buddy, always smiling for the cameras.
I like performing. I like partnering with an audience.
I have a chemical imbalance that, in its most extreme state, will lead me to a mental hospital.
Mothers are great. They outlast everything. But when they're bad, they're the worst thing that can happen.
I'll never be known for my work with boundaries.
If anything, my mother taught me how to sur-thrive. That's my word for it.
Females get hired along procreative lines. After 40, we're kind of cooked.
Two of the saddest words in the English language are, 'What party?' And L.A. is the 'What party?' capital of the world.
I started out doing my mother's nightclub act, and I had stage fright.
I found out when I did the Oprah Winfrey show that there was a cookie jar of me. So she gave it to me. I had no idea prior to that that it even existed.
I enjoy taking jobs that make fun of me - or me as Princess Leia, or me as the writer, or whatever, as some idea.
I am truly a product of Hollywood in-breeding. When two celebrities mate, someone like me is the result.
I was born on October 21, 1956 in Burbank, California. My father, Eddie Fisher, was a famous singer. My mother, Debbie Reynolds, was a movie star. Her best-known role was in 'Singin' In The Rain.'
In the Fifties, my parents were known as 'America's sweethearts'. Their pictures graced the covers of all the newspapers. They were the Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston of their day.
My parents had this incredibly vital relationship with an audience, like muscle with blood. This was the main competition I had for my parents' attention: an audience.
I have a harder time eating properly than I do exercising. It's easier for me to add an activity than to deny myself something. And when I do lose the weight, I don't like that it makes me feel good about myself. It's not who I am.
We treat beauty like an accomplishment, and that is insane. Everyone in L.A. says, 'Oh, you look good,' and you listen for them to say you've lost weight. It's never 'How are you?' or 'You seem happy!'
I don't like looking at myself. I have such bad body dysmorphia.
I knew what show business was, which was why I didn't want in on that action. I saw what happens! You get it, and then you lose it.
I have been in 'Star Wars' since I was 20. And they're not just doing some goofy sequel, like, to service the hunger of it. It actually has been thought out and it has integrity and they took it seriously, which they didn't have to do, you know? It's hard to do, given the appetite and the angles from which everybody's coming at it.
Writing is a very calming thing for me.
I watched my parents' fame diminish - as I was getting more conscious, their celebrity was going back down the mountain.
You knew how humiliating that is as an experience for celebrities to be less of a celebrity. There's no class to adjust to being less famous, and you don't think you have to worry about it. But you do.
Along with aging comes life experience, so in every way that is consistent with even being human, Leia has changed.
I've seen pictures of myself with makeup on, and I look like those women who look like they're wearing makeup so they can look young, and I don't think that's good. They have all these products now called - wait, what's it called, it's my favorite - youth suppressant, or age go away; they don't work.
It really annoys me that I'm vain, but unfortunately, I haven't been able to discard that tendency.
I outlasted my problems.
What I've realized recently is that the difference between me and Mickey Mouse is, there's not a man that can go and say, 'Look, can you get me in any faster? I'm Mickey Mouse.' Whereas I can go in and say, 'Look, could you get me a table faster? I'm Princess Leia.'
I overheard people saying, 'She thinks she's so great because she's Debbie Reynolds' daughter!' And I didn't like it; it made me different from other people, and I wanted to be the same.
She's an immensely powerful woman, and I just admire my mother very much.
Even my parents sort of went along with the assumption that they were a good couple, but they probably weren't a very good couple.
I fear dying. Anything with pain associated with it, I don't like.
I've been there for a couple of people when they were dying; it didn't look like fun. But if I was gonna do it, I'd want someone like me around. And I will be there!
I've totally embraced it. I like Princess Leia. I like how she was feisty.
I have been in 'Star Wars' since I was 20.
That's why 'Star Wars' is appealing. You watch someone fight the perilous monster.
All of us are looking for an outside ordeal that will internally change us.
Movies are dreams! And they work on you subliminally.
It's difficult to know what to say to someone whose partner has cheated on them.
I waited for my daughter, Billie, to come to me with her troubles - but I'm glad I didn't hold my breath.
