French,Actress
Ever since I was a small child, I've had this feeling - it's in my nature, and so it's not even pretentious - that if everyone's going one way, I will go the other, just by some kind of spirit of defiance.
I remember my father saying to me once, 'I finally know how to describe you, Charlotte. You're prickly.' And he was right - prickly is a very good description. If I had to be an animal, I'd probably be a porcupine.
The process of filmmaking is very musical, you get into the rhythm and the rhythmics of how someone is, especially with Woody Allen who is very much into body language and body movement.
You can never really judge your work because once it's done, it's done.
Doing cinema is not about watching yourself.
If you want to paint the inner life, you paint it from the exterior. From the exterior, you breathe the inner life into your painting.
Painting and photography keep the creative channel open, and for an actor, it's to keep alive, it's to keep awake, it's to keep watching, it's to keep feeling, it's to keep enjoying, to keep that sensuality of feeling alive.
I know I have great inner strength; I always have. I can blank things out, cut people out, and I know that I can go and live in a cave on my own if necessary.
If words don't have vibration behind them, and a real feeling behind them, then they're just words.
One of the reasons I don't see eye to eye with Women's Lib is that women have it all on a plate if only they knew it. They don't have to be pretty either.
Quite often in life, when a tragic event arrives it becomes a springboard for mirroring all other things in one's life that one hasn't come to terms with.
To grieve is something extremely difficult, we don't even know how to begin to grieve, and I don't know how you can be taught to grieve.
Training is fabulous because it gives you a basis, a strong structure, so that when you're unbelievably nervous and you think that you can't get a word out, you will get the word out.
French women have been made beautiful by the French people - they're very aware of their bodies, the way they move and speak, they're very confident of their sexuality. French society's made them like that.
A film based on a jolly good John Grisham book is fine, but I like to get a bit under the skin.
European films were what it was about for me - the sensations I needed, the depth, the storytelling, the characters, the directors, and the freedom that you can't really find in American films.
A lot of young actors will do a scene and then run off and look at themselves. I don't believe in that at all.
You cannot watch yourself dispassionately.
I think that most actors don't have very good opinions of themselves.
I am fascinated by the whole process of what it's like to be alive, whether it's unbelievably uncomfortable and horrible or whether it's quite nice.
I did that film just so I could kiss Robert Redford.
I was incredibly fatalistic. I just thought, 'If it works, it works.' But I've always been like that. I've never been easily impressed, and I've never thought I didn't deserve something. If I got it, then I deserved it.
I think the happiest time of my life was when I was in my late teens. I was a little bit of an it-girl. Making myself seen. And it was a wonderful time to be young.
I could have carried on in comedy. But my life was dark.
I am actually a very unspeaking person. I'm not really good in social situations. People expect me to be more outgoing. I don't know why. They think I have this kind of assurance.
My mother's incredible diaries, which she'd written from when she was 21, and even before that. She fell in love with my father when she was 12.
I must explore desert ground and see what can grow. But there are limits. I know in my heart what I would never do.
I could have been a superstar in America - I was certainly taken out there. But I said, 'No way, Jose, I'm not staying here in this madhouse.'
For an actor, if you're not doing a job, you can't just practice acting. Your instrument is your whole person.
