American,Actress
I did about 50 pull-ups and 1,000 crunches a day. Crazy.
I was raised to think cursing makes you look unintelligent.
I'm not up for violence, just for fun.
I love getting told no 'cause then I fight even more.
I have a lot of looks but right now I'm really into grunge. Messy hair, black heels. I get Michelle Pfeiffer with it.
It's a good harsh reality, because my family keeps me very grounded.
You go up for hundreds, thousands of roles, and you get told no, no, no, so many times.
Well, I used to have a sister, but I never got to meet her because she died after two days, I think. So if I got a tattoo, it would probably have to be something to do with my sister. I actually want to get a tattoo when I'm older of something about her.
There's someone to turn to.
No matter how big you are in the business, at the end of the day it's still work.
I beat Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 in one day.
My mom gives me an allowance. She keeps me pretty tight-reined.
The best thing about having four big brothers is you always have someone to do something for you.
My brother Trev went to the Professional Performing Arts School in New York, and he used to do his monologues and stuff and rehearse in our apartment. So I used to hear him all the time doing these things over and over and over. And when I was a little girl, I used to soak up everything - like anything anyone did, I soaked it up.
My mom's the one I look up to for everything. I feel like I'm a lump of clay and she's moulding me into a woman.
I'm not allowed to see R-rated movies, but I did see 'Kick-Ass' because I'm in it. I'm not going to skip out on my own premiere!
An actor always goes to the safe side.
Think about doing a bunch of stunts in leather. What does leather do? It doesn't stretch, it rips.
My mom has always said that if I get a big head, she'll take me out of this business as quickly as I got into it.
As Chloe, I can honestly say I've never uttered a syllable of a curse word, not even behind closed doors.
If acting doesn't work out I'd love to produce, direct, or write.
I hope to make acting my career for the rest of my life, if I can.
I always want to be an actress.
I'm an average, everyday girl.
If I ever uttered one word that I said in 'Kick-Ass', I would be grounded for years! I'd be stuck in my room until I was 20! I would never in a million years say that.
I just got my phone back yesterday. My mom had it for two days. I was supposed to read a book and I really wanted to play Call Of Duty.
