American,Actress
My dream is to have a house on the beach, even just a little shack somewhere so I can wake up, have coffee, look at dolphins, be quiet and breathe the air.
I wasn't one to go out and buy a new car and stereo system and expensive clothes. My mom helped keep me grounded.
I'm a grown-up now, and I value the training I had.
The person who I have my child with is going to be the right person.
I got off on the fact that a guy would be so into me from the get-go without really knowing me. That's probably why I had so many bad relationships.
I love Christmas. I really do love Christmas. I love being with my family and I love snow. I love the music and the lights and all of it.
I think another problem people have is they are always searching for that high, and they don't realize they can get that same high with that same person again.
I think maintaining relationships with my friends, my mother, my manager, they're all important.
The holidays are also a time when people freak out about their finances. If you don't want to spend the money, why not try some of the other options instead of killing a bunch of animals?
Every single kid in my group of friends at school was from a single-parent family.
It was not easy for my mother, being a struggling actress and raising a child. We were these two sort of vagabonds, never knowing where the money was going to come from. She always says she couldn't afford a babysitter, which is why she put me on the stage.
I started doing radio commercials for Kmart when I was 4. They had to splice all my consonants together because I couldn't talk very well. But these jobs helped my mother and me put food on the table. It took the two of us working.
I don't want to raise a child by myself. I could do it. But I definitely don't want to. I want to be a mother who has the original father there.
There are a lot of sacrifices a mother makes when she's raising a child by herself. I saw it when I was growing up, watching all my mother did for me. But it wasn't until recently that I fully understood the price she paid because of how we had to struggle.
