American,Actress
Motherhood is nitty and gritty and brutal and wonderful, but everything I read is about the wonderful parts. Sometimes, you're really in the trenches!
I eliminated coffee and fish from my diet. The pesticides in coffee and fish, as well as the mercury in the latter, are considered possible contributors to birth defects in fetal tissue.
'Wonder Woman' was on TV when I was growing up, and I knew Lynda Carter was part Latina. It gave me a great sense of pride.
After having a baby, there will inevitably be something on your body - a mark, a scar or some loose skin - that wasn't there before.
Life is dramatic and comedic at times. Sometimes in the most dramatic situations, there is comedy. And good comedy comes from a sense of reality.
I was 38 years old when we started trying to have a baby. I thought it would be no problem, but the 3 years it took us was the most difficult period of my life.
I'm very supportive of women getting to a place in life when it's right for them to start a family. It's important for women to take their time to come into their own. I only want to say we might not have as much time as we think we have.
I get as much sleep as possible. When I get home, I have just enough energy to lay out my clothes and go to bed.
The deaf community and the hearing community, there's not always a ton of interaction.
The working mothers of America deserve medals.
I started as a mommy blogger, and it's been really great.
Family to me is foundation. It's the people that you can call on whether you love them or hate them. When push comes to shove, they're there for you, and that's kind of how this family is.
My family was dubbed the loud family, but that was mostly because of my mother.
I totally support women working on their relationships, their careers, or whatever they need to do to be healthy moms, but it's also important to realize you may not have as much time as you think.
I learned so much about the toxicity of our environment while trying to get pregnant, I didn't want to do anything to mess up the kid now that she was finally here.
It took me three and a half years to become a mom, so it makes me feel so good to know I'm giving my baby the best chance I can to develop a strong immune system and live a healthy life.
I feel for all the parents whose babies just keep waking up for years. My heart and back go out to you guys! You are my heroes, and I am not fit to walk in your shoes!
As any mother knows, we just want our babies to feel better quickly, and we all do whatever we have to do to help them - no matter how much it inconveniences us or hurts our backs!
I just remember all those days in the unemployment line, stressed out over when my next job was coming.
Actually, I failed drama in high school because of nerves. I wasn't able to memorize the words. I had complete stage fright.
There were some jobs I wanted that weren't necessarily right for me at the time. The ones I thought I'd never get, I got. As long as I am doing the best work I can possibly do at any given time, I can't do any better than that.
If stores and vendors know there is a demand for organic products, they will make them. The more they make, the more the cost comes down.
I never felt ready to have a baby until I was about 37 years old. I knew I always wanted kids someday, but I needed to be 'ready,' ya know?
Sometimes I regret waiting so long to have a child, but I don't make the rules. The universe decided it was going to take me a while to get to be a mom!
I have learned that I have to slow down and appreciate that my daughter still needs me, still wants me to help her negotiate everything in her life.
My name is Constance Marie, and I am anti-princess.
