Mexican,Actress
I'm an Aries. Most of the time, whether I want to admit it or not, it describes me. I don't check my horoscope too often, but most of the time, yes, I'm fiery and stubborn.
I've always been really artistic. I went to an all-girls' private Catholic school, and one of their biggest things was musical theater. I became obsessed with that.
I feel like everything comes into your life for a reason.
I want to do a little bit of everything and really just experience life.
In between shooting for 'Awake,' I was attempting to have my own pilot season. The audition for 'Anger Management' actually came during a week that I was already testing for a couple other shows and we weren't really letting any other shows into the mix.
On 'Awake,' we would take a couple hours per scene. Whereas on 'Anger Management,' we can take maybe 10 minutes on a scene if we're lucky.
I would like to work in both comedy and drama.
I'd love to do a really juicy drama that's just really real. On the comedy side, I'd love to do something like '21 Jump Street.' I cannot stop watching that movie. Really funny, really extreme comedies are definitely my favorite.
I taught high school students Spanish.
I had 45 Avril Lavigne posters. Those were my first posters.
If you ask any of my close friends, they know I always complain that I never get to play my age.
I get really angry when I get hungry. If you don't feed me, I won't talk to you. That's when my anger issues come out.
My biggest pet peeve is when people don't admit what they've done.
I've always been really artistic. I went to an all-girls private Catholic school, and one of their biggest things was musical theater.
I'm always so proud of everything I work on. I love seeing it.
While I was doing 'Desperate Housewives,' I actually watched it from the beginning.
I feel like everything comes into your life for a reason. With 'Awake,' I got to do a drama, and with 'Anger Management,' that's my comedy.
'Awake' was just the most beautiful show. For most of the shooting, we didn't know if they were going to air. You never knew. We were just trying to make it the best it could.
