American,Actress
I like being a Girl Scout.
I love having my ghosts, and I love having my memories.
You don't get there the easy way. If you feel sorry for yourself, and you let yourself go down, you will drown.
In life, I'm like Molly Brown. I've had tough times along the way and gone through experiences that many women have gone through. But I ain't down yet.
You just never give up. You do a task to the best of your abilities and beyond.
I've always been a good mother, but I've always been in show business, and I've been on stage, and I don't bake cookies and I don't stay home.
I can pick good food, but I can't pick a good man.
I loved to party with the Rat Pack; they were so much fun.
I stopped making movies because I don't like taking my clothes off. Maybe it's realism, but in my opinion, it's utter filth.
We all knew each other in the neighborhood. I loved living in El Paso. I had a wonderful childhood there.
I'm 78. We've lost a lot of our great stars. I can't hang out with those who aren't here. The phone service to Heaven is so bad, you know. But I get to visit with their memories.
I don't think you can ever be bitter about anything, because if you don't allow your heart to stay open, then all you have is a filled heart of hate and bitterness, and you're never able to love or like anybody.
The only way to make it through life is to fight.
We slept in the park before we had a house, and eventually we shared a home - my parents, my grandparents and five uncles, my family, all of us - on White Oaks Street by Magnolia Street near the railroad. Those were hard times, but I loved living there.
I was raised to think that if you behaved badly with men, you went to hell. I realise now it is puritanical and not very adult.
I just think my life's been really blessed, because being in show business, I've met wonderful people, and I've traveled all over the world.
I spent some special years in my hometown of El Paso.
I want happiness for my daughter - I want Carrie to be happy.
Carrie is my child, and I love her with every ounce of strength I possess.
Liberace - or Lee, as us friends called him - was great. He was gay, you know.
'Singin' in the Rain' and childbirth are two of the hardest things I ever had to do in my life.
Old age is a wonderful time of life. At least, that's what everyone tells you. But let me tell you: it is not true. What's true is that your hips, knees and ankles gradually give up on you - everything is quite dreadful, really. And it was a terrible thing to have told us because we believed it.
I gave it all that I had, and it's gratifying that others seem to be receiving it so well.
I had the sets that meant so much to this character built - right in my home, especially the kitchen, which was important both for her character and for your introduction to her when Albert comes to visit.
I miss the movies. Still, I understood that my kind of movie has had its day. I thought it was over for me.
I wanted to be as comfortable in that environment as she was. I moved around those areas in character.
We were rather poor, but we always had what we needed.
I don't know fancy big words, because I didn't have a rich mother who sent her to fancy schools.
I went to the school of hard knocks.
You have to believe in yourself.
Manic depressive is a disease.
Drama's unhappy, and playing someone unhappy would make me unhappy.
I don't have an agent - I have the William Morris Agency.
It takes a long time to realize a situation is for real, and then you finally face it.
I was just like Jennifer Aniston with Brad Pitt when he fell in love with Angelina Jolie.
I wish I could have been more enlightened at 18 and learned more about men because I could have avoided all the traps.
My first husband ran off with Elizabeth Taylor.
I believed that the husband takes care of the family, and the wife takes care of him, and they are true to each other. I know that sounds a romantic illusion, but it can be true.
My mother, Maxine, was married at 16 to my father Raymond, and in 56 years together, he was the only man she ever had.
We were very old-fashioned. My preacher at church told me I could not go in to the movies because it would make me a 'wanton woman.'
It took, like, 30 years for Carrie to be really happy with me. I don't know what the problem ever was. I've had to work at it.
It's not natural to outlive your child. This has always been my greatest fear.
Too many mothers have lost their children, for thousands of different reasons.
If love alone could cure our children, they would always be well.
I was just a beginner, and she and I were not in any manner alike, but we got along very well because I was in awe of going to school with Elizabeth Taylor.
I'm very religious. I believe that things happen, and you have to go along with them.
You don't have to be angry and become an ugly person.
As a parent, you must give your opinion. And if that causes a breach, then it causes a breach.
People used to call her Debbie Reynolds' daughter. Now they call me Princess Leia's mother!
Robert Wagner was my greatest crush.
I'm a sucker for a good movie.
My son, Todd Fisher- he has been such a wonderful son and brother.
I had a normal life; we didn't meet movie stars. We lived in Texas where you had rollerskates, and if you got a bicycle, that was a very big gift.
I'm always sad to see a relationship not work, but what happens between two people is not my business.
I should see a board of directors who should vote on who I should date.
Fred Astaire was retired when he worked in 'The Pleasure of His Company.' They were lucky to get him to play the father part.
All the training at MGM came to be a great help for me on 'Molly Brown.'
Travel is hard, but entertaining is joy.
Every performer should learn a little bit of everything.
I'm an Aries and sort of a challenge to myself.
He caressed my backside. I had heard that he was famous for his 'admiration' of the ladies, but I didn't expect him to be handling my booty. As handsome as Prince Philip is, I wasn't sure if he was making a pass or just exercising some royal rights to squeeze the foreigners.
My husbands all repeatedly said the same thing - that I was not a very passionate woman.
It seemed that I was more interested in raising my children, not in pursuing my husbands.
My marriages have been one of the greatest voids in my life.
I have very poor taste in men, and I married all the wrong men.
The truth is I loved an audience.
I loved music and dance, and that was exciting to me.
If your husband's going to leave you for anyone, it might as well be Elizabeth Taylor.
Gene Kelly was a little tough, and he used to yell at me on the set.
Everyone I dated was gay.
So many things that happen to you are so dreadful, it's important to have a sense of humour.
Bette Davis was a close friend. She loved to have a good time.
Lana Turner and Ava Gardner were my special friends at MGM.
We were very poor, and I entered a talent contest as a young teenager because if you entered, even if you didn't win, they gave you a free blouse.
I tour all year, 42 weeks a year, so it's hard for me to remember every place I play.
That's my business, show business.
I would never not work.
My dreams kind of came through when I went to see the cinema.
I wanted to have no ribs. I wore what was called a waist-nipper in those days. My mother made it. It's a piece of rubber band I wore around to hold my rib cage in. I don't know why I always loved that. I guess I was a glutton for punishment. I think I was born one of those people who loved swords and fought in armor.
