Actress
The thing is most people are afraid to step out, to take a chance beyond their established identity.
Not caring more about what other people think than what you think. That's freedom.
I'm a big believer in that if you focus on good skin care, you really won't need a lot of makeup.
Some of my lowest points were the most exciting opportunities to push through to be a better person.
Certainly I'm passionate and driven and quite relentless when I want something.
For the moment I prefer to be a beautiful woman of my age than try desperately to look 30.
Despite what anti-aging ads say, growing older can be better. I feel better in my skin, 100 percent. You have greater effects of gravity, but the better sense of yourself you have is something I wouldn't trade. Women who lie about their age - 'why?'
I have had a love-hate relationship with my body.
I'm intensely private, and I've openly shown annoyance at the paparazzi.
I had worked my whole life. Until I became a mother, that's the only way I measured my value.
I would say what scares me is that I'm going to ultimately find out at the end of my life that I'm really not lovable, that I'm not worthy of being loved. That there's something fundamentally wrong with me.
Don't let your wounds make you become someone you're not.
I don't like to take my clothes off.
I said I would get better with each baby, and I have.
The truth is you can have a great marriage, but there are still no guarantees.
I had an essence in my life that I was nothing.
Emilio Estevez was definitely my first love.
I want things to be the best they can be. I want greatness.
There's this idea that if you take your clothes off, somehow you must have loose morals.
I like to connect to people in the virtual world, exchanging thoughts and ideas, when in the physical world we might never have the opportunity to cross paths.
I'm certainly not the first person to be in a relationship with a younger man, but somehow I was plucked out as a bit of a poster girl.
I know I have an eccentric, obsessive-compulsive side.
At its core Twitter is about sharing, and I think that in life we never feel better or more energized than when we're giving to someone else.
When I'm at the greatest odds with my body, it's usually because I feel my body's betraying me, whether that's been in the past, struggling with my weight and feeling that I couldn't eat what I wanted to eat, or that I couldn't get my body to do what I wanted it to do.
I used to think that what scared me was the idea of being abandoned until someone said to me, 'Only children can be abandoned. Adults can't be abandoned because we have a choice. Children don't have a choice.'
You don't come into this life wanting to be anything other than happy.
