American,Actress
Everyone is like a butterfly, they start out ugly and awkward and then morph into beautiful graceful butterflies that everyone loves.
I think happiness is a choice. If you feel yourself being happy and can settle in to the life choices you make, then it's great. It's really, really great. I swear to God, happiness is the best makeup.
I am not someone who is ashamed of my past. I'm actually really proud. I know I made a lot of mistakes, but they, in turn, were my life lessons.
There's a tremendous difference between alone and lonely. You could be lonely in a group of people. I like being alone. I like eating by myself. I go home at night and just watch a movie or hang out with my dog. I have to exert myself and really say, oh God, I've got to see my friends 'cause I'm too content being by myself.
It's never too late. Don't focus on what was taken away. Find something to replace it, and acknowledge the blessing you have.
I pray to be like the ocean, with soft currents, maybe waves at times. More and more, I want the consistency rather than the highs and the lows.
I think that being happy makes the biggest impact on your physical appearance.
I want people to love me, but it's not going to hurt me if they don't.
I never regret anything. Because every little detail of your life is what made you into who you are in the end.
Life is very interesting... in the end, some of your greatest pains, become your greatest strengths.
I have to say, if someone literally said to me, 'You're going off to a desert island, what is the one thing you would bring?' I would say, 'It's my concealer or you can just kill me now.' I've thought this through! Because I would find, like, berries in a bowl and make blush.
When I lay my head on the pillow at night I can say I was a decent person today. That's when I feel beautiful.
I'm very sensitive to the English language. I studied the dictionary obsessively when I was a kid and collect old dictionaries. Words, I think, are very powerful and they convey an intention.
I've always said that one night, I'm going to find myself in some field somewhere, I'm standing on grass, and it's raining, and I'm with the person I love, and I know I'm at the very point I've been dreaming of getting to.
I don't want to be stinky poo poo girl, I want to be happy flower child.
It wasn't my choice to be an open book, but when people found out what my life was like when I was 14 or 15, I didn't deny it. I think the more imperfect you are, the more human you are.
Whatever I've experienced in my life is a part of my story, and I'm proud of that. But it's someone who wakes up early, works all day, believes in charitable work, business-minded, diligent, accountable, problem-solving... I'm so much about school, consistency and tradition.
My life choices are not supposed to be the gateway to somebody else's. That's my journey.
Celebrity! It's become the most disgusting word on the planet. It makes me sick to my stomach.
I love romance. I'm a sucker for it. I love it so much. It's pathetic.
I used to look in the mirror and feel shame, I look in the mirror now and I absolutely love myself.
Kisses, even to the air, are beautiful.
I personally battled with my own body image for years. I used to tell myself, You can't wear anything sleeveless or strapless. And all of a sudden I was like, What if I just didn't send such negative messages to my brain and said, wear it and enjoy it? And now I'm more comfortable in clothes than ever.
I'm a total control freak and love to participate in the design of every single aspect of life.
I never have been insecure, because I see what a waste it is. I know there is a solution to insecurity. I don't tend to be thrown by problems that don't have solutions. And insecurity has a wealth of alternatives.
A thank-you can be just as meaningful as a soulful ten-page message.
I decided very early on that it took too much of my energy to pretend to be someone else. People will make up their minds about me whatever I do or say, but at least I know I am being true to myself.
I'm a bit of a control freak.
I used to have a blankie, and when my mom had to wash it, I would sit outside the dryer and watch it go round and round, and cry.
I think some of the funniest and most artistic people I know are the ones who had a hard time at school. They often have humility and artistry. So, as much as I feel bad for kids who have to go through a rough childhood, I believe that if they can turn it around, it's going to make them better people later on.
I loved the world of roller derby because I thought it was such an empowering metaphor, that you get out there and do it. It's such a rocker, athletic, capable, cool exhibitionist sport; it's about this great sort of camaraderie.
You're not supposed to look perfect while you're making babies. Making babies is the perfection. It's about feeling good in clothes and knowing you can get dressed up in the evening, work it for a minute, and maybe get back in a certain pair of jeans. But there's just no such thing as perfection.
I'm okay with the idea that slow and steady wins the race.
God made a very obvious choice when he made me voluptuous; why would I go against what he decided for me? My limbs work, so I'm not going to complain about the way my body is shaped.
When you've been locked up in a mental institution, people are going to ask questions. It was OK, because I didn't have to act perfect all the time.
I'm not after fame and success and fortune and power. It's mostly that I want to have a good job and have good friends; that's the good stuff in life.
I never want to get to the point where it's all about my needs, and the hell with anybody else.
I want people to be blown away when I do what they don't expect.
It's only through listening that you learn, and I never want to stop learning.
I am obsessed with ice cubes. Obsessed.
I don't know anybody's road who's been paved perfectly for them, there are no manuals, you don't know what life has in store for you.
My whole life, I've wanted to feel comfortable in my skin. It's the most liberating thing in the world.
I really want to understand the mind so I can be more comfortable with the way people are. Being comfortable with people is incredibly important.
I've been a vegetarian for years and years. I'm not judgemental about others who aren't, I just feel I cannot eat or wear living creatures.
You've just got to do the best that you can.
I aspire to be that, to be a voice of reason one day.
I definitely don't think that I'm hot doo-doo. I don't.
Love is the hardest habit to break, and the most difficult to satisfy.
Sometimes I bust out and do things so permanent. Like tattoos and marriage.
I'm so in control of my life, you shouldn't dislike anything I do-because I'm not only in the best place I've ever been, but it keeps getting better and better.
A fish may love a bird, but where would they live?
I never act my characters - I am them.
There's a hunger and a fervor that I have, but there's no person I'm going to push to the side to get where I'm going. I want to create my own road.
I love inventive food, but I want the classic dishes to taste like how I remember them. I get a little bummed out when there is too much fancy stuff going on and it doesn't resemble the original dish at all.
At 35, I'm definitely starting to feel more like a grown-up than I ever have. There's nothing in my life that is childish or whimsical. Having fun is fantastic and I never want to lose a sense of that - and also, I think, you have to have that to put into your work or else it's going to feel stiff.
The stories that I want to tell, especially as a director, don't necessarily have a perfect ending because, the older you get, the more you appreciate a good day versus a happy ending. You understand that life continues on the next day; the reality of things is what happens tomorrow.
I've produced and gotten to do a lot of optimistic love stories, and that was so where I was at for 10 years in my life. And now I feel like, Okay, now I know how to do that. I want to get scared again; I want to feel the way I felt when I started my company, when I started producing.
A few years ago, I bought an old red bicycle with the words Free Spirit written across its side - which is exactly what I felt like when I rode it down the street in a tie-dyed dress.
I love roller coasters that make my stomach drop. One ride in Las Vegas, the Big Shot, straps you into a row of seats and catapults you into the air from the top of the Stratosphere Tower - then plummets back down. I ride it over and over; it's exhilarating.
Being a Barrymore didn't help me, other than giving me a great sense of pride and a strange spiritual sense that I felt OK about having the passion to act. It made sense because my whole family had done it and it helped rationalise it for me.
I just want to make sure I have a sense of balance between work and life, because work is my life and the lines can get really blurry.
You can't live your life blaming your failures on your parents and what they did or didn't do for you. You're dealt the cards that you're dealt. I realised it was a waste of time to be angry at my parents and feel sorry for myself.
The low points I had all helped make up my character, so I probably wouldn't want to do away with them because I like being flawed and I like having them help me grow and change and become better and stronger.
I feel like I came out of the womb and was punted - there you go, out in the world!
My mother and I split ways when I was very young and have never really reconciled.
I'm just learning who I am and how relationships work and how to make them function. No different from anyone else.
I grew up in a family that was multifaceted, sexually oriented, and pretty much open to everything. And because I was working, my friends were all adults. I had a tough time going to different schools because people knew me from films and I was the fat child who got beaten up every day.
I'd definitely be the kind of parent who enabled my child's dreams. I'd just watch and nurture and guide them. I have the blueprints of what not to do... I think I'd be a good parent, actually.
I have always been fond of recognizing the spiritual side of someone's personality. It's a very lovely concept.
Becoming emancipated at 14, my life wasn't normal. I didn't have to go to school, so I didn't. I was rebellious by nature. I spent my 20s focusing on my company, Flower Films, and producing movies. Now that I'm almost 30, I would like to try other things in lie. I'm crazy about photography, and I want to take an art history class.
The older you get, the few slumber parties there are, and I hate that. I liked slumber parties. What happened to them?
It's not just about acting. I love film, I'm a director now, I love writing, I love producing, I love having a company that makes films and to be prolific and have a place to put all the ideas that are constantly bubbling up inside of me and that don't let me sleep at night.
I don't like camera trickery and editing and doubles and all of that.
I still, at hotel rooms, I do this one sort of not-so-cool thing: continually shoving my room service tray in front of someone else's door. Because I don't want the remnants. I don't want to be caught, like, being like the pig that I was at two in the morning.
It's the worst when you're kissing someone who's not a good kisser, and you're trying to make it look good, but you feel like you're just working on your own.
The people I grew up around who I really liked were quick on the draw. It always just wowed me. And my mum would make weird funny comments. I can see in myself her self-deprecating, hippie humour. I can't take myself too seriously.
I don't mind a little Sturm und Drang. When I was doing 'Riding in Cars With Boys,' I wouldn't smile at anybody, because my character, Bev, was angry at the world. I'm the opposite. Inside my head I'd be like, God, I'll explain to you at the end of shooting that I'm not this person.
My therapist says I still haven't got in touch with my anger. Maybe one day I'm going to explode. But I'm still really happy. I know it looks like a strange and painful upbringing - all those experiences led me to the paths that I'm on now.
Going back to Georgiana Drew and John Drew, and my great-grandfather Maurice Barrymore, and it was such a sort of circus of odd, interesting people that loved acting.
When I did 'E.T.,' it sort of solidified the only family I know are these film crews. These gypsies. These filmmakers. That was the solidification and the clicking revelations of 'This is what I want to do with my life and this is where I'm going to survive.'
There are a lot of us little gypsies out there that need to go and find another place you know. A safer, healthier or just a different venue in order to develop and find ourselves. I am so lucky to live the life that I do.
Whether you're throwing up or breaking up, you want your girlfriend right there! I don't trust women who don't go to their girlfriends.
Internet does not equal sodium pentothal.
When you're young, you're always wondering when you're actually going to feel like a grownup. And I think you probably fear it, in a sense, too. There's a danger to feeling like an adult... like this whimsical kid in you is going to die or something. And then all of a sudden, one day you kind of feel like an adult and it's really nice.
Everything I do, I do infinite percent.
It's my crusade to help women feel good about themselves.
I'm a real stay-at-home mom. I'm really hands-on. Everything else became secondary.
California is an unbelievable state.
I'm a Cali girl through and through.
I looooove cookbooks. I cook a lot when I'm pregnant.
I try to be a good shiksa wife. I go to Central Synagogue in New York.
When I was a kid, everything was so unplanned, my parents were so erratic, and my world was so inconsistent.
I was 14 when I moved into my own apartment. I was so scared. I didn't know anything.
I hate women who say they can eat whatever they want, because I don't relate to that at all. It isn't fair! I absolutely live for food.
I'm such an avid magazine reader - music, art, beauty magazines - and I found that food and restaurants were pouring into everything I cared about. Whether it was the pop-up concept, or some mysterious mini-mall restaurant, I got swept up in the sexy romance of the food movement.
Of course I want to look good in clothes. And it never makes me feel good when somebody who has an insane figure tells me, 'I eat whatever I want.'
I've approached so many things in my life with such intensity that I want to approach motherhood with dedication and focus.
The way things have gone in my life, sure, I could have been a bitter person. But I just find bitter people really un-fun, you know? And who wants to be that person?
Families in real life don't tend to resolve things neatly.
My own mum cared about Hollywood, and I didn't. I wanted to act, and I loved the creativity of it, but I didn't care for the lifestyle.
I remember being on film sets when I was younger, and only men got to do the cool action movies. So I thought, 'Maybe I'll get to produce one day and get to do cool stuff, too,' which is what happened when we did 'Charlie's Angels'.
I love the very exposed, humorous, imperfect, never-trying to-pretend-to-be-perfect journey that I have been on in my life.
And people say it all the time: 'You're a celebrity.' No, I'm an actor. I'm a producer. I'm a director. I'm a toad. I'm roadkill. I'm anything but a celebrity.
If you're not prepared, and you're not passionate, and you don't push yourself to a level of human exhaustion on every level, mentally and physically and creatively... I've seen directors who approach it casually, and they do somehow maintain better hours... but I could never be that guy. I am up and editing all night.
I started finding hearts in things - whether it was like, a tree I was passing, a straw wrapper on the ground; I think the heart has one continuous line, which is very powerful.
Life's too short. We have to love each other.
I'm a very research-, homework-oriented person.
I love working with the actors eye-to-eye. I think something gets lost in translation, not only through a monitor, but when you leave the area where the actual scene is taking place.
My life takes me all over the world, and I know how hard that can be on a relationship.
Kissing in the movies is a real art - figuring out where to put your heads so it looks good on camera. I have had other co-stars who couldn't work that out, which made it a lot harder for me.
I think the world offers so many wonderful varieties of obstacles, but that shouldn't be one for kids - is the worry that 'my parents wont be there.'
As I've gotten older, I've really wanted to find more balance and calm.
I'm certainly not an uptight home owner.
I've always been a homemaker, like, I like creating spaces. Even if I stay in a hotel, I'll unpack, I'll put my books out, I'll put my camera out, I'll throw a sweater over the lamp to get better light. I am a homemaker.
I still can't spell anything, but I can bust out two-dollar words.
I don't really get into architecture in the hotel room. But maybe a little Feng Shui here and there.
I did love horror films from the '70s and '80s. That was my sweet spot.
I love Tate Modern; there's such great style and shopping here. I love the galleries and the pubs out on the street, just having your pint as the sun is setting.
I really wanted a wonderful, traditional home for my kid.
I still feel like I have a lot to prove. My biggest burning question is 'How much more are you capable of?'
My mother used to dress rather risque when I was a kid, and that sort of shocked me. I always thought moms were supposed to wear cardigans and flats, but she was in leather bracelets and minidresses. In hindsight, it was pretty cool, but I'm probably more conservative because of it.
A lot of my business is about protecting creativity.
When you work in film, you learn to appreciate a distributor. You can have this great little film, but if you don't have a distributor, you are sitting in your living room with a great little film.
Putting your name on something and having no idea how it came about if someone else did all the work - that's not me.
I can't wait until I have my children. I love the idea that they don't have to do something that they have no interest in, that they can do something completely opposite if they want to.
I would love to be a travel writer. I'd be so stoked.
I find a lot of really hot people to be extremely boring because they haven't had to work at it.
I think that we all have to have that rite of passage of dating the tortured artist who seems cooler than we think we are; we aspire to be like them, and we're excited that somebody is turning us on to new music or a new lifestyle.
I make movies. I have a passion. Puppies and daisies don't accomplish anything. That's not me at all.
I was raised in unique and trying environments, but they were also amazing platforms for me to have an extraordinary life. Going through hell as a kid made me sensitive to what others in this world go through, too.
When I was a kid, I got really great advice from someone who is so important to me and someone who I respect so much, and they told me, 'Don't do too many endorsements. Don't throw your name on things; think of your longevity.'
I was raised in that generation where it was all 'Women can have it all!' and I don't think you can. I think something falls off the table. The good thing is that the things that stay on the table become so much more important.
I appreciate my journey, but I don't want that for my kid. Not any of it. It has nothing to do with whether I liked my childhood. I really did. But as a parent, that isn't the childhood that I'd provide.
I grew up in a makeup chair. And to see the women around me getting ready was so aspirational. It's about mothers and daughters, a girl watching her mom at a vanity table.
It's embarrassing to go through any rebellious stage in front of people that you love and respect, and yet I'm glad I did.
I'm glad I lived such a full life before I settled down into a family because I got to enjoy it and get it out of my system.
I do everything in this life-or-death way.
I cannot live a life where I'm deprived. I'd much rather be five, 10 pounds heavier. With my luck, I'll get myself to that perfect goal weight, and I'll get hit by a bus. Then I'll be like... looking at myself from some afterlife going, 'You idiot. You could have had that agnolotti, dummy.'
