American,Actress
Innocence is one of the most exciting things in the world.
Greed is so destructive. It destroys everything.
The river is constantly turning and bending and you never know where it's going to go and where you'll wind up. Following the bend in the river and staying on your own path means that you are on the right track. Don't let anyone deter you from that.
My recipe for life is not being afraid of myself, afraid of what I think or of my opinions.
I stayed on my own path and did not follow the herd. I made a way for myself.
Aging has a wonderful beauty and we should have respect for that.
People in general are used to seeing me as the naughty girl because that's what they've always cast me as.
Just because you are different does not mean that you have to be rejected.
When the people who are responsible for our country ask you a direct question, I expect them to accept a direct answer, not to be blackballed because you are telling the truth.
I punish myself more than anybody else does if I am stupid about my actions, and I suffer, really suffer.
When we want to have our own style of living, it is nobody's business but ours. What we do in private is our private business.
Don't depend on other people to be responsible for you. Don't make yourself stressed out over nonsensical things like material things.
I'm a dirt person. I trust the dirt. I don't trust diamonds and gold.
Maybe subconsciously I feel I was meant to work hard for a living.
I am learning all the time. The tombstone will be my diploma.
If you're looking for immediate rewards, you're only looking for the money.
I've always been multi-cultural myself. I'm not black and I'm not white and I'm not pink and I'm not green. Eartha Kitt has no color, and that is how barriers are broken.
Live theater to me is much more free than the movies or television.
I have to keep testing myself.
I'm an orphan. But the public has adopted me, and that has been my only family. The biggest family in the world is my fans.
I never identified with anybody. I have always been very sensitive about my color, because everybody called me 'yellow gal.' I was caught in between both sides - nobody wanted me. I love that my audience is there, but I always feel as though I have to fend for myself.
Let's take care of the necessities first: give people jobs, and find a way to get us out of poverty.
I've always said to my men friends, If you really care for me, darling, you will give me territory. Give me land, give me land.
I love to tease men with my legs.
I am a mother and I know the feeling of having a baby come out of my gut.
A lot can be said with just a look, or the way the body moves. Each song is a different character. So each song takes on a different movement of the body. And the body has to go with the subject and the attitude that you have toward that subject.
I used to love it when I walked down the street and construction workers would whistle.
The audience has always been my best director.
I was considered an ugly duckling.
I don't think I ever really got interested in theater.
I am the original 'Material Girl.'
I have a great need for affection from an audience. I don't know whether this is because I had such a tough life when I was a child.
I don't carry myself as a black person but as a woman that belongs to everybody. After all, it's the general public that made me - not any one particular group. So I don't think of myself as belonging to any particular group and never have.
I had almost three acres of land in Beverly Hills. And I had a big atrium of chickens because I love that feeling of being in the country and living from the soil.
I think it's fun to look at people with big diamonds. I see them in my audience all the time, with the fur coat, a woman whose hand is always out front, or the two fingers are on the cheek to show her diamond. I don't have anything against that.
In the '50s, critics used to say I had a 'dangerous' act.
