American,Actress
I get way too much happiness from good food.
I would love to date a chef. I'd probably get really fat, but I don't care.
But I have a list of books that I want to read before I die, and whenever I get time to read something that isn't a script, I'll read something from that.
I've always loved being a student.
I auditioned equally for film and theater. The difference is that theater has seasons, while film, it's always happening.
I've always had a complex about being taken seriously.
If you don't like something, talk about something else that's great and maybe someone else will discover it and think it's great too.
Everyone is always surprised by how old I am. They think I'm older, but it's always been that way. I'm the youngest of four - maybe you grow up quicker because you just watch the big people.
I believe that you are only in control of so much. So whatever you are not in control of you can't worry about.
It's interesting to watch myself with an audience; I'm trying hard to learn from it.
No, I wouldn't want the paparazzi ever following me in my life.
When I was 14 or 15, I was a really good volleyball player, so I thought, 'Well, maybe I'll just get a scholarship to an Ivy League school through volleyball.' Then I quit when I decided to focus on theater.
I really actually enjoy auditioning.
I'm the curvy one of the family.
I was embarrassed that I even wanted to become an actress because coming from L.A., with two older sisters in the business and a mom who had been a ballet dancer, it was such a cliche.
What keeps you confident in a healthy way is knowing that everyone else around you is going to support you and teach you and you're going to learn from them. I just feel open to learning from people.
I had a great drama teacher in high school, and that's when I started to learn about the history of theater.
Movies are in a much longer production conversation before an actor is even involved. I always thought of actors as the last piece of the puzzle - so you're a tool.
The tabloids create their own stories about people's lives that don't exist.
And I've been taking acting classes since I was 7.
And I think in theater, people don't really focus on the media unless there's a huge superstar doing a play or something.
I think every day you try to soak up as much as you can to learn and understand things better.
I find acting conservatories really important. I've gone to four different ones, and all of them provided totally different tools for me.
And at NYU, I went to the Atlantic Theater Company, and they have two main points. One of them is to always be active in something instead of just feeling it. And the other is figuring out your character.
I think a lot of films do themselves a disfavor by putting in way too much information, and everyone knows what's gonna happen next, and no one can actually discover things as they go.
Yes, I don't read books for entertainment.
