American,Actress
I don't think you should try to be anything you're not. If you're not smiling all the time or always happy - I don't think it matters. If you're having bad day, show you're having a bad day. Don't try to put up something that's fake.
I wore the Marc Jacobs dress, so I love Marc Jacobs. He has a vintage flair. But I've always worn a lot of vintage stuff, so it hasn't been a lot of designers. If I see something that I like, I just buy it.
I don't wear any make-up on normal days and at school. But, if I'm going somewhere, I always do something with my eyes - crazy colors, sparkles. I'm all for it. I love experimenting.
I can't really remember my life without movies.
I would love to work with Marion Cotillard... and my sister! I've never worked with Dakota before in a movie. It'd be so cool to be on screen interacting with each other one day. It will happen, I'm just not sure when.
I'm pretty good with not being afraid to just go up to people and introduce myself.
I would like to continue acting. But also - if this is a dream world where everything could become true - I'd want to be a ballerina.
I'm a normal kid, really. I just love to act.
I'd much rather dress like a 5 year old than a 21 year old. I'd much rather wear a puffy sleeved shirt than some low-cut top.
I like to be very girly, with bows and ruffles on the red carpet. I love pastel colours, especially blue. Me and my sister both because of our eyes look good in blues.
After 'Somewhere' came out, people started to recognize me more. Whenever I was walking down the street, they'd be like, 'Oh, wow - are you Elle Fanning?' Before 'Somewhere,' they asked me if I was Dakota Fanning, because we looked alike, and I'd say, 'No, I'm her younger sister.'
I like playing characters with as many emotions as possible. I'd love to play a really crazy person - someone truly out of her mind.
Dakota Fanning is my favorite actress.
We take art, and I love all that. But I also like science for some reason. I just like finding out why things happen.
When I go home, I play with my baby dolls and strollers and stuffed animals, pretend like they're real dogs.
What's the best part of a movie? I love to know what my name is. It's just so fun. That's the first thing I ask. It's just fun because you have a different name in every movie.
But it's cool working with female directors because I'm a girl, so you do relate to them more. You can talk to them about other stuff like clothes and all that.
I mean, it's amazing that I get to meet all these people. I've learned so much from all of them. I just worked with Sofia Coppola and that was amazing. I learned so much from her. I can't even describe how much fun I had.
I love fashion! I love clothes! I really like vintage clothes, so in my closet there's a lot of '50s stuff. I go to the stores and shop around.
I like mixing things. I wear a lot of boots. Love boots. And then jeans, but I like to wear them with a really ruffly top. Or I love high-waisted anything.
I just worked with Sofia Coppola and that was amazing. I learned so much from her. I can't even describe how much fun I had.
My favorite actress is Marilyn Monroe.
I always look at Style.com and look at all the designers and I know all the model's names.
For my own style, I love vintage. 60's and 70's are my favorite. I love baby doll dresses and the soft colors. I try to mix a little bit of modern into that - maybe I'll wear it with boots. At my school we wear a uniform, but we have one day a week we can wear whatever we want.
I have a sliding glass door on my closet, and when I slide it one way I can see all my uniforms, and the other way is all my own clothes.
I like necklaces that are short, the way skateboarders used to wear them in the seventies.
