Canadian,Actress
And I think it's really easy for people to point out hypocrisy in people's lives.
When I feel strongly about something, I'm not so quiet.
I've become really interested in permaculture, simplifying my life and doing everything I can to develop more of a sustainable lifestyle.
I think there's a tremendous amount of guilt that goes on between mothers and daughters, no matter how good or bad their relationships are.
When we're growing up there are all sorts of people telling us what to do when really what we need is space to work out who to be.
As a girl, you're supposed to love Sleeping Beauty. I mean, who wants to love Sleeping Beauty when you can be Aladdin?
I don't really want to do the Hollywood thing. I think you ought to try to say something with your movies.
I'm a tomboy from Nova Scotia.
I'm kind of getting more excited about developing my own stuff, or getting involved early in projects and doing my best to make things that I care about happen.
Mind you, Roman Holiday - which is kind of a romantic comedy - is one of my favorite films, and I think Audrey Hepburn is absolutely phenomenal in that movie.
I have trouble sometimes watching actors - even when they do a great job - with an accent.
I wish I was a teenager in the 1970s.
I'm a huge Sissy Spacek fan.
I'm actually just playing honest, whole young women.
I love sport, I grew up playing sports, that's all I did, and it is so invigorating now that I'm supposedly adult to learn something completely new, from the bottom up.
To be in a position, at my age, where I am financially independent, I can help develop things, I can promote stuff that I believe in, I can say no a lot and spend time writing - that is a gift.
I grew up playing sports, but now I feel like I can't, because if I get injured, I'll impair whatever film I'm working on.
I'd ice-skated before, because I'm Canadian and that's what you do as a kid, but I'd never, ever been on quad skates.
I didn't really play dress up when I was a kid, and I'm really T-shirt and jeans-y.
I think the Smart Car is awesome. The only problem is I've been on the freeway and felt like I was going to be blown away like a Tim Hortons coffee cup, so I may have to upgrade to a Mini Cooper - something a little stronger.
I love playing roles that are physical, absolutely love. Whether it's just that kind of basic level of physicality or whether it's stunts.
I really hope that we'll have a sustainable future on this planet, I really do. So I probably geek out mostly about learning more about how potentially we can hopefully make that happen, hopefully we're not too far lost.
I think, because I've been working for a while, I've been working since I was ten, I had the fortune of reading a lot, a lot of scripts.
And I've shot in Prince Edward Island winters, I mean, I've shot in some intense, intense temperatures.
Yeah, people following me down the street and at the airport and all that. I can't imagine what it must be like for people who are, you know, actually famous.
I hate how box-office failures are blamed on an actress, yet I don't see a box-office failure blamed on men.
