French,Actress
A first love is something that lasts forever in your heart. It's something that marks you.
I got 'Elektra: Assassin,' and that's where I learned that she was a tortured soul. She's been through a lot and was possibly psychologically unstable.
I think acting is a work of imagination.
I did a bit of karate - I'm a blackbelt - so I know how to move.
For me, being comfortable is the best way to express my personality. Some days I like to be chill and wear my Stan Smiths with a cool little jacket, a blouse, and some lipstick for night, and that's it.
You want to enjoy your night, and you don't want to suffer in your heels too long. Lipstick compensates for the lack of heels. It's a good option, and it works.
I wanted to have some disdain in the way that she fights sometimes, because I think Elektra is a bit careless, like, 'You're in my way - get out.'
When I was nine, my father said 'You can take piano lessons or do karate' - I had a black belt and was competing before I was 19.
Some of the writers definitely got inspired by some of the story lines, but we are evolving in the 'Daredevil' story. So when it comes to 'Elektra', they didn't follow one of her specific story lines, you know. They really tried to capture what comes through the comics, but there's not one specific storyline.
It's not often that I'm being called femme fatale.
The Asian culture has to be a part of what we see on TV and in movies.
Personally, I've always had to face casting directors or producers saying, 'You're right for the part, but nahh, you're not quite what we're looking for.'
This is not the story of Elektra from the comics. We're telling the story of 'Daredevil.' In this aspect, the storylines accentuate the sociopathic tendencies in her. The writers wanted to highlight that Elektra is quite manipulative and doesn't seem to have a conscience.
When I was auditioning, I didn't know it was 'Daredevil.' Everything was secret. They're secret agents. They wouldn't give you any clues. I was a big fan of the show, and I think it helped me, once I got the part, to really understand the world that they live in. It helped me during shooting.
I've experienced all the food and restaurants in New Orleans. I've been doing a bit of touristing when I have the day off, just walking in the French Quarter. To me, it's very, very surprising how people are so friendly. But no, it's very different from Paris.
I don't see myself as exotic.
I would love to appear in 'The Defenders.' I don't know - because hopefully she'll maybe be on the bad side. I don't know - I don't know what they'd do with Elektra in 'The Defenders,' but that would be a good dynamic, I think - to be confronted by these four superheroes, and I think it would be interesting - I'd be curious to see what they do.
I'm a black belt in karate. I grew up on the outskirts of Paris, and it was rough.
I don't carry sai blades for the sake of it in my personal life. I had to learn how to manipulate the sais. It was very tricky, because it's a weird shape. It's like a big fork. There's a lot of ways that you can use them, but it's not like a sword.
I never do things fearing I could do right or wrong. I just do it because I just follow my guts. This is really how I did it for 'Elektra' because I was just amazed by all the comics. I was good for me to get inspired by them, and I just follow my guts for the rest.
It's been great to travel because I really enjoyed being 'Elektra', so it's not a problem talking about it.
We can list a bunch of actors who have embodied characters that aren't their nationalities, and I think that's the beauty of acting.
On paper, I refuse to position myself as a victim and say, 'Oh, see, this is hard for me, and I'm never going to get any work because they're never gonna look for a half-French, half-Cambodian girl.' I've always said, 'Carry on and work on your job, and at some point, it'll come.'
Marvel's very secretive, and I'm not hiding anything, I'm not lying; it's just the way they are.
Elektra isn't a villain and isn't a good girl, but as Frank Miller said, she is one of the villains with a weak streak in them, and that's a failure that I tried to explore.
I didn't want to make a caricature version of Elektra.
