American,Actress
It's a reality that in this business there's an expectation of being thin. But having a baby is a reality too, and it's more important for me to make milk than to fit into those tiny pants. So that's just going to have to wait.
It's a very weird thing. When you see your house naked, you feel very protective of it and of the people who lived here before.
As comfortable as I was with my adoption, the nature-versus-nurture question has been a big one for me. I adore my parents, but I always wondered if I would feel a different kind of love-not more or less, just different-for someone who was biologically related.
It's funny, because I did all of these interviews as soon as I had the baby, and they were asking questions, and I really didn't have an idea of anything, because I was so blurry.
When I was 8, my favorite toy was a stapler. My brother was afraid of me.
It's not a bad idea to be single, so I can concentrate on my job.
It's amazing what sleep does for your looks.
I never wear pants in my life. I never thought I'd say this, but I miss wearing pants. For the first time in my life, I miss my pants.
I'm never going to be a modern gal. I love colonial. I love early American. I love a big rectangular piece of brown furniture on a hardwood floor.
What I know from my friends who are cops is they keep their houses very clean, because they say you never know if you're coming back or not.
If you live in a small space, you should do the things that make it feel luxurious.
It's so nice after 10 years as a blond actress in Hollywood to have people let you do smart things.
We weren't allowed to watch TV as kids.
I'm very self-conscious having my picture taken, so I clown around. My driver's license photo looks like a blonde Elvis.
To say that I am organized is an understatement, but my car tells a different story.
I squirrel away sealed greeting cards that people give me so I can open them later when I'm having a bad day.
I don't email.
I feel like 'CSI: Miami' was just a license to do all sorts of horrible things that I'd always wanted to do.
I felt like the news business was a little rough for me and a little sleazy. So I glided right over into acting.
I've found that I've settled into myself a little bit more in last year and started wearing things that I feel comfortable with and my own style and... I decided to just embrace the person that I am and the look I like, and what I think is pretty.
My house is very serious. It's a lot of antiques, and the way I decided to liven it up is, I paired it very vibrant colors and - bugs... I think that they're pretty. And I think that they're fascinating and they're natural.
I decided about a year ago, and I just feel like I want to see more personal style in people, and I feel like if I'm going to be out there in the public eye, they should see who I am and how I dress, and I feel like it, also.
I think that we could be more careful about what we're saying to young women in terms of their expectations. It's unrealistic to expect people to always be in designer clothes. Girls growing up deserve more freedom in how they look and how they feel about how they look.
There are actually times when there are crimes out there in the world and I find myself trying to figure it out and I ask myself, what am I doing?
I am hoping this is my year to have children. I understand that I am possibly more European in my views of marriage. I am not going to say I'm not going to get married, but it's not my priority.
Before you're a mom you don't know what gear is going to be relevant.
