American,Actress
I think part of the beauty of our relationship with jewelry is that it can change and evolve as we do ourselves.
My bike is my main form of transportation, so I've got a red clip-on taillight.
Love scenes feel very mechanical. But our whole job is to make it look real.
Sometimes, I get so annoyed when other people brag. And sometimes, I know that I'm better than that or I've got something better in the works; I don't say anything. I just say, 'Really? That's great.'
My grandmother was, back when they called them 'stewardesses,' a flight attendant. I actually had a ball wearing that little uniform and making sure everything was under control.
Green has always been my mom's favorite color. My father, aunt and I have gotten her jade, emerald, and peridot pieces over the years, and we always seem to be on the lookout.
I didn't plan on going to college, at least not a full-time schedule. I still have that plan. I may take some individual classes at some point as an indulgence.
'Confirmation' is the movie I'm super proud to be a part of.
I'm not straight up and down. I have curves.
It was when I met everybody on 'The Perfect Score' that, like, nightclubs became a thing.
Work hard; be ethical.
I'm close with my whole family, but it requires email and texting because they don't all live nearby!
I can't say enough about how I'm against drugs. Be smart, think about it, look at what it does to people, look at how much you have to experience in life and be courageous enough to do everything you want to without that chemical help.
I've always been a good flier. I love the whole experience.
The thing about that too is that we had the same extras everyday. It was such a community. It was like a microcosmic little town. We were like all little towns people with extras and a crew.
Watching Jodie on this is incredible; it's the perfect role for her. It's so intense and so emotional. She just jumped right into it and is so professional.
We were worried about that actually. The cast was thinking that they'd lose their minds. But we didn't.
I'm more proud of my upper body. Let's just say I'm a typical female in that way.
I take things on a day to day basis when it gets really hectic. But I do think long term and I'm looking forward to the next couple of years when I do start producing my own films with my production company and playing some characters that are older and that's really exciting to me.
I don't know if my agent will be upset but I quoted him saying that he would jump out a window if I turn down another project.
To be entirely honest, I am an extremely confident person, and I don't think I would have gotten into this business if I felt that I wasn't going to succeed and I intend to be in this business, for the rest of my life.
At about twelve I just knew, something clicked, and I knew I wanted to be an actor and my parents, to their credit, granted this 12 year old girl a chance to give it a try.
I'm a goody two-shoes who's never taken anything stronger than Tylenol.
If I had to sum it up, the goal of Scientology is giving the person back to themselves. Like, your own power of choice.
My buddy lost about 100 pounds cycling. He took me on a 31-mile loop. I was hooked.
I got to work with Jeffrey Wright, which is fantastic. I started out starstruck, but he's so cool, so it was all OK.
I want to do a love story. I really want to do a love story.
I wrote and recorded a song that I highly doubt I will release. The lyrics are somewhat risque. I may have to create an alter ego, and she can be the 'singer.'
Erinn Hayes is hysterical in person, and I love that.
I had fallen in love with doing television.
Number one, as an audience member, I tend to like violent movies and TV shows because it's not real.
At the premiere for 'Leave It to Beaver,' I was walking down the red carpet, and they were screaming my name, and I'm wondering, 'What do I do?' So I had to think, 'OK, calm down, one person at a time.' Everything is kind of rattling, but afterwards, my publicist said I did really good.
There are times when I think, 'I'm going to get this part. I know I am. I'm going to get this.' And then I don't, and I'm wondering, 'What happened? I went back five times!'
My first thing was a McDonald's commercial.
I'll continue doing good projects.
I know I am eventually going to want to write or produce.
If I can't find anything good, I am just going to have to get my butt in gear and start learning how to do everything.
Those auditions - you sit down, and literally the whole time you're there, they scrutinize you, and you know that. But you can't take it personally.
I love to dance and sing.
I want to do an action movie where they say, 'Go the gym and get ripped like Linda Hamilton.'
Growing up, I was a bit of a tomboy; feminine things took a while to find their place in my world. But diamonds made me understand the magic and beauty of jewelry.
Scientology helps me in acting to focus on communication.
I look like a sweet, corn-fed kid. My roles are my rebellion.
I don't have a 'Life's short, play hard' type of philosophy. That's about fear. I tend to think that life is very long - but you should still play hard.
I love 'Lost' and 'Mission: Impossible III.'
I can be a binger when it comes to information, but most of the time, I'm pretty good, and I try to focus on my own life and personal communication.
If being a skateboarder were a personality type and not actually an athletic activity, then I'd say I'm a skateboarder. But I don't ride one. I'm a bicycle person.
I'm an NPR and KCRW person.
I had a big 'New York Times' crossword puzzle phase.
When a woman makes up her mind, she gets what she wants.
My theory is, if you force yourself to smile enough, then you start to feel it. Which comes in handy all the time.
I love the idea of my daughter looking back at her childhood and growing up with a dog.
It's funny to say its fun to explore someone's really rough time, but it is. It's exciting.
There are photos of me with my Pony trucker hat, sideways. Truly, awesomely, horrible.
