Indian,Actress
You need a strong family because at the end, they will love you and support you unconditionally. Luckily, I have my dad, mom and sister.
I would never like to endorse a fairness cream. I believe in natural beauty.
I speak Hindi fluently because my mother speaks only in Hindi and Urdu.
I never get bored of a workout, because I feel great after a session.
My day starts at 5 A.M. and gets over at 10:30 P.M. Its a long day but I love it... I can't sit idle.
I have been battling vertigo for a long time. It's something that I deal with on a daily basis.
Delhi is definitely a foodie's paradise.
Of all the options I had got, I think whatever films I have chosen to do are best.
I am not saying that I won't do big commercial films.
I still don't know what genre I fit into. I want to try my hand at different things and find out what I am best at. I want to discover myself as an actress.
My parents are extremely proud of me.
Being a vegetarian really saves lives.
If you love animals, please don't eat them.
I love watching horror films because I don't get scared easily.
I clean my own utensils, my house and I even travel alone. I don't know what the life of a superstar is like.
I don't think women in India are vulnerable.
If a woman goes out with different men on different days, women only will question her character and call her all sort of names.
Women will always be beautiful no matter what, and that's their specialty!
It wasn't easy for me to start in Bollywood because I was an outsider.
I believe in myself, and that's why I take criticism. You need to be very strong to survive in Bollywood. If someone calls me a bad actress, I won't live with it but will work towards improving myself.
Initially, my father opposed the idea of joining films and did not want me to move out, but now I'm closest to him and have his full support.
I'd rather be appreciated for my character in a film than my looks.
I come from an army background, and everyone at my home has a habit of getting up early. I continue this habit even today.
Whenever I get three-four days in hand, I fly down to Delhi to spend time with my family and my dog.
While I was growing up, all the boys used to be my buddies. I never got that special kind of attention from them, and I was the tomboy around. Although I've become an actress today, I still have those traits.
Women look really sexy doing action on-screen, and it is my favorite genre.
