Australian,Actress
'The Slap' is not like anything else. It's an incredibly well-written novel that has been turned into a great and intriguing series that reveals both less and more about each character than you learn in the book. It's a novel that has been given a second chance to live.
Everyone has a point of view about corporal punishment.
Parenting is meant to be just a natural part of life. You just think you know how to do it but, of course, it's much more complicated than that.
I used to buy things for every hotel room or every place I lived in to make it feel like home.
The news is so instantly available to us without delay, interpretation, or a filter. What is hot right now is streamed live without context or perspective.
It's such a magnificent thing to be able to love someone and expect nothing from them.
'The Custodian' was my first film, and there were so many lessons to learn in that week. It was really fun, but for me, I look at it as a training film, and I'm not really proud of my work in it.
Getting fan mail from Brazil is kind of funny.
I'm a fan of mindfulness, and if colouring in is a way of reaching mindfulness, then I think it's great. But I'm amazed that anyone has the time to do that. I certainly don't.
I feel lucky that I've managed to get the roles I've wanted.
Trying to get over to the 'on camera' side of things has been hard work.
I have children, and they demand my full and complete attention. They get that when I'm at home, even during the night, but it is really hard, and I do wonder how a lot of women do it without bawling their eyes out every day.
It's hard, but what's the point of having children unless you're there to raise them, I reckon.
Acting is embarrassing.
I never spend more than a week away from the children.
I was terrified of being a mum because I didn't think I'd ever be grown up enough.
I think every character rubs off on you a little bit.
I've had really a great choice of roles that have been very different from one another. And I think I kind of set out to do that when I began my career - to aim to never play the same thing twice.
I honestly do think that every character - you pick up the things, little things that you like about them in your life. Especially if you play a character for a long time.
Sometimes it's easy to do brave things in front of a thousand people, but it's hard to do them in front of a handful. It feels so much more exposing.
One of the things I have loved so much about the career that I have had is that pretty much every character I have played is diametrically opposite to the one before it.
I would love to get a job in France!
I miss my friends in London, and I really miss New York. But I also miss the stability of staying in one place and being able to just open a drawer if you've run out of sticky tape and chuck a new roll in the holder.
I never said I wanted to be a movie star.
I want to have the great roles that move people profoundly. I want to have the choice and be given the opportunity to play those roles, and unfortunately, fame plays a huge part in that.
I'm incredibly ambitious, but I feel I've got a fantastic career, and I love the anonymity. I love that no one knows who I am.
I think you've got to understand your character and where they're coming from.
Even if the Tonys aren't as glitzy as the Oscars, being a part of the ceremony is no less exciting.
I'm just a very fortunate actor who has not been typecast.
I think it's an actor's gift to be as old as people think you are.
I often get mistaken for all different kinds of ages; some of them flattering, some of them not.
I've really had a great career. It's been part fortune and part my own choices that steered my own career into playing the great roles that I've played on stage in Australia and at the National and West End in London and on Broadway.
