American,Actress
I've always said I want a farmer, not a hunter. Hunters go for the kill and they move on. A farmer nurtures; he watches things grow.
I was born in Corpus Christi, Texas, the youngest of four girls, including my oldest sister, Lisa, who has special needs. My mom was a special education teacher, and my dad worked on the Army base. We weren't wealthy, but we were determined to succeed.
When you're fighting for social justice, one of my biggest pet peeves is speaking out of ignorance.
I love being a woman. I love the sexiness we get to exude. But the best thing about being a woman is the power we have over men.
I find it irresponsible to go, 'She's an actress, what does she know?' That means if you're a dentist, what do you know? If you're a lawyer, what do you know? It's our profession, it's what we do. It's not who we are.
Who I am at the core and what I think represents me is really reflected in my family.
There's a big difference between charity and between activism and philanthropy. They're very different things and I think, you know, everybody should find a passion or a cause that they can really get behind, but it has to be organic.
Immigration is not the top issue for Latinos. Latinos are like every other American - economy, jobs, healthcare, education.
In the Mexican culture, we never miss a baptism, a birthday, a baby shower, a wedding shower, a wedding. You must show up. Otherwise, you'll be in big trouble.
I could never give up Mexican food. Nachos are usually my go-to if I'm courtside at an NBA game. I always, always get my picture taken with my mouth wide open and a tortilla chip sticking out of it!
I'm very proud of my sisters and everything they've accomplished and done. I'm very proud of where I came from.
I've always thought of myself as a role model even before being a 'celebrity.' I've always been doing charity work and volunteering in the community since I was 8, so when you do that, I think you just assume that role when you put yourself out there.
We face a choice this election. President Obama is fighting for changes that grow the economy from the middle out and help all Americans succeed - jobs, education, health reform, the DREAM Act, equal pay for women. He is moving us forward with opportunity today for prosperity tomorrow. Mitt Romney wants to take us back to yesterday.
Your body is a vehicle of your emotions and a vehicle of feelings and a vehicle of whatever you need to get done in life. And you've got to take care of that vehicle.
I find it a turnoff whenever men aren't into some kind of sport. And, no, video games don't count. I dated a guy who was into video games, and I wanted to shoot myself.
I don't regret anything I ever do or say. I don't like to live my life being censored. I like to say what I feel, and I think people respect that because you're honest.
In my family, there was one cardinal priority - education. College was not an option; it was mandatory. So even though we didn't have a lot of money, we made it work. I signed up for financial aid, Pell Grants, work study, anything I could.
I got my degree. More importantly, I got a key to American opportunity. That's who we are - a nation that rewards ambition with opportunity. Where hard work can lead to success, no matter where you start.
To be with the same person for the rest of your life just sounds so drab.
You can't have a relationship when you're shooting a 14-hour day and your husband is shooting a 14-hour day in the same city. It's a time thing and it's a together thing.
I think what destroys Hollywood marriages is our work schedule, not so much infidelity.
My acting is still being recognized for the fact that I wasn't nominated.
I am treated no different than the other girls.
I just came into my own sexuality at thirty. I don't think it's something you can deeply experience at 18 or any time before that.
I like being small - I've known so many women with big boobs who feel overweight or end up with back problems.
I'll talk about my Tony all day long.
My worst habit in the kitchen is not allowing anybody to help me. I like to cook by myself.
Baking is too precise for me. I cook with a pinch of this or that.
I'm not a matchmaker. I'm a horrible matchmaker. I always try. I'm not very good.
Everybody needs a chance to find love.
On a television show, you basically make a movie a week. Movies take three months - it's crazy. They're so slow, it's like vacation to me.
I was born in platform heels. I actually always fall down when I'm wearing flip-flops.
I'm a tomboy. I love shooting guns and running around.
I don't regret anything I do, ever, whether articles I've done or things I've said. And as far as what's happened in the past, I wouldn't take anything back.
Even though I am very tied to and close to my heritage, I learned Spanish in college; I didn't grow up with it. Growing up in South Texas is different from Miami or L.A. where it is a necessity to speak Spanish.
I was making almost minimum wage on 'The Young and the Restless.' But it was my first job, so I accepted my first quote. I had a great time on it, and it obviously led me to better things.
I've been studying the Constitution for myself but also as a way for me, as a Democrat, to comprehend the Right. I think it's important that people who are politically active understand both sides.
