French,Actress
Oh, yeah, I like a high neck. And I like naked backs. It seems very sexy. Red carpets are about being a bit theatrical - having fun rather than being too safe. You have to be brave. Fashion is fun.
I am a dreamer. Seriously, I'm living on another planet.
Lots of shy people dress a bit too much. It's just kind of an armour. People say the same thing about me.
I don't wear base, as I don't like to cover up my freckles, but I couldn't live without YSL Touche Eclat for hiding my under-eye circles. I love the smoky-eye look, so I use Dior's 5-Colour Eyeshadow in Night Dust and lashings of mascara. I finish with a dash of bronzer for a healthy glow.
Life's too short to wear high heels.
Most of the women in film are there to be beautiful to the man.
I have Algerian, Turkish, Swedish, Spanish blood: I feel like a citizen of the world. Life and cinema don't have borders.
There's this shop in New York I go to; it has bones and fossils and insects that are like works of art. I have a few on my wall.
I like characters who have strong facades and then have secrets. They have cracks.
I was born in Paris, and it's a beautiful place, but London feels like home. I like the village feeling, I like running in the parks - even the food isn't as bad as it used to be.
I would love to play an unexpected character. Really raw and simple and not a cliche - something rugged. People like to put actors in boxes.
I want to travel. Maybe I'll end up living in Norway, making cakes.
I need to fall in love with someone. Sorry - I mean fall in love with something. I need to wake myself up.
I was very studious, too much. I would never go out at weekends. I was very serious. You should have seen me in class - I was blushing and sweating every time the teacher asked me something.
I don't like flirting, and when I love someone, I always give everything, maybe too much. And then you have to work at it all the time. I mean, the first months are always great, but afterwards it becomes hard work. It's not as passionate and crazy.
When people say 'You're so beautiful' it makes me want to kill myself! As an actress you want to be seen for what you do, for the characters you can play, otherwise I'd be a model.
My mother is an actress and very well known in France; hence, I move to London to start my own life.
I feel like I'm 1,000. I don't feel I'm young enough a lot of the time.
A film can be big or small - I have to just fall in love with it. To connect with the character, the script, and the director. Sometimes they say to you, 'You should do that for your career; it's a big thing, people will go and see it,' but I wouldn't be able to, because my heart wouldn't be in it. I would drive people quite mad.
I hope I will not be typecast as a Bond girl for the rest of my life. I'm very proud of being a part of the Bond family, but I don't want to be the sexy girl forever. I'm not meaning to complain, but I just want to be taken seriously.
I'll need my whole lifetime to polish my craft.
When I'm at an event, I like to be an eccentric dresser. I will just keep wearing what I like.
It's very flattering to be remembered as a Bond girl with brains and not just for looking good in a bikini. I was a fan of Sophie Marceau in 'The World Is Not Enough.' I think her performance was very underrated.
For me, acting is like a therapy. I can express myself fully when I am acting and have blood in my veins. Even when I'm not working, I'm always living in my own world, imagining characters.
Success is very ephemeral. You depend entirely on the desire of others, which makes it difficult to relax.
I go shopping maybe three times a year in an intense way. I'm like a man. Can't spend too much time in a shop.
I'm not into social media. I'm like from another century.
Hollywood wouldn't suit me. In L.A. it's all about work - studio people have their five minutes with you and they go, 'Oh mah Gahd, I love your movie.' You just feel very self-conscious there.
I love Ireland. I feel very at peace there. It's just magical and beautiful.
Towards the end of 'Dark Shadows,' the sets are cracking and bleeding, but so is Angelique. The fact that she breaks apart physically as well as mentally lends an added dimension, and I just loved playing that.
I give everything to my work, and I like complex roles, characters that aren't obvious. I've been very lucky so far, and I'm dreaming of working with directors like Jane Campion, Susanne Bier and the Dardennes. But the gods will decide.
I think it's very important to recognize talent in all facets of filmmaking. Making a movie is such a lengthy and intense experience, so it's wonderful to honour actors, directors, producers and all crew members who put so much hard work and passion into a project.
I play the piano. I bought an upright piano that is actually electric, so I can practice my scales with headphones on and not make my neighbours' lives hell!
My father has always written with Mont Blanc pens. It's very chic and elegant and classic.
I'm very scared of water. When you don't see the water... I imagine monsters - stupid things.
Actually, when I'm not filming a movie, my beauty approach is really natural - I prefer a bare face that looks really healthy and dewy.
I'm very low-maintenance when it comes to my beauty routine.
I'm a dark blonde, yes. I dyed my hair blue, then black, when I was 14. I thought the colour was more flattering and matched my skin tone. I don't think I'd ever change back unless it was for a film.
I think British men build up the idea of us French girls having some magic extra sex appeal so much, they lose their heads. I can't really understand the whole thing - but it makes me laugh. It's such a cliche to think all French girls are well dressed, elegant, sophisticated and sexy. Some are utter slobs, I promise you that.
England understands good Chinese, Japanese and Indian cuisine; in France, we just get French.
I struggle to watch myself in any scene, to be honest. What's done is done. I wish I was able to watch myself, as it would really help me develop as an actor. But I'm not brave enough. It's a difficult thing to do - looking at yourself as this utterly different person on a screen.
To help people in the third world get educated and learn how to read and write is so important. I mean it is such an important human right.
I like style. For Dior, I did more of a collaboration shoot, not just a single image - so there was more to it. It's a very prestigious brand. I like their style and feel like their style is mine.
I love fashion from the 1930s and '40s - shoulder pads, high waists, things with structure. That is classy for me. Andrea Riseborough from the Madonna movie 'W.E.' had an amazing wardrobe.
I have my own style and don't really follow fashion, but I like leggings. They're easy to wear and can go with anything.
I always start the day with a cup of hot water and lemon - I find it really cleanses and hydrates me. I have very sensitive, dry skin, so I have to be careful about what I put on my face. My must-haves are Dermalogica cleansing gel and L'Or De Vie Creme Riche by Dior, which is thick and nourishing.
Traditional British desserts with lots of custard are my biggest weakness - I particularly love the puds at St. John restaurant in East London.
At drama school, I always picked the really evil roles. It's a great way to deal with your everyday emotions.
I'd rather be thought as an international actress rather than a French one. Because I don't know what's coming up for me, my ambition is not to be typecast. So I'm working on my English accent, as well as my American one. I don't want to be like 'Okay, I'm French, and I want to succeed in Hollywood!'
