American,Actress
I am trying to be a good person. I am trying to be myself, and if nobody likes me for me, that is their problem.
I have a very large shoebox overflowing with lyrics I've been writing and collecting since my teen years and into my late 20s, with lyrics from all walks of my life. Darkness, being in love, being heartbroken, finding yourself... and lyrics that I've been sitting on for, like, seven years, that I haven't done anything with.
The biggest lessons I've learned in life have probably come from a bad situation, from an angry situation, even if I wasn't the one who was angry.
Anyone who says you can't do anything with short hair is wrong! Every day, my style turns into something new, and there are so many different ways you can wear it.
I've struggled with gender norms my whole life, always feeling like I wasn't black-and-white; I was in this gray area, and gray areas really scare people because you can't define them.
You don't have to take yourself so seriously all the time.
I was always into very androgynous things. Guys, girls... I'm into androgyny in general.
I'll never forget my 24th birthday when my tooth got punched out. And for a second I was like, it would be really hilarious if I sold it on eBay. But I can't, that's just too creepy. I don't think I can go there.
A script can just be a blueprint, and you've got to go in and build it and color it in and paint it.
I love the smell of vanilla, but I didn't have perfumes growing up, so I wore vanilla extract.
Throughout the entire time I was filming 'Thirteen,' I'd just lock myself in my room and listen to Garbage's first album. It was Shirley Manson, Nirvana and Radiohead who got me through everything. Also, Alanis Morissette and Tori Amos. They were so beautiful and strange, and they gave women permission to be angry and emotional, but also strong.
I feel sexy when I'm doing what I love - like when I'm singing or performing or something - that's when I feel the most in control and in my element.
If I'm going to do anything extreme, I want it to have consequences.
I do love when men wear cologne - if I get a hint of it, I want to move closer so I can smell it more.
I didn't really get a normal childhood.
What's nice about acting is that you're not just left with yourself all the time, but you get to see the world through so many different people's eyes.
One time, somebody said I look just like Evan Rachel Wood but hotter.
We all just kinda did everything we thought we were supposed to do and girls dated the guys they were supposed to and did things with the guys they were supposed to.
Just look at the messages today's media are sending everybody, from TV and commercials to actors and singers. Kids are just drowning in that 24-7 and it's getting really bad.
Sometimes I forget that I am even watching myself, realizing that's me. It's like you almost become a fan yourself: You are just this normal person watching this show, and then you realize that it's your show. It's weird sometimes.
I'm constantly changing, I'm constantly growing. I think I'm a little controversial... I just try and keep some mystery, so hopefully people can't really put their finger on it.
I hope to have a career like Jodie Foster, going from child to adult actress.
The secret lives of politicians are always shady. People need to accept the fact that their leaders aren't perfect. No one is.
I've honestly fallen in love with a man and I've honestly fallen in love with a woman. I don't know how you label that, it's just how it is.
I'm a big karaoke fan and I also love Justin Bieber unashamedly.
I've made my own music, and the way I've always described it is Peggy Lee with an electric guitar, or Billie Holiday with some PJ Harvey in there.
