Dutch,Actress
I am attracted to the dark side of life!
Everybody gets typecast in movies, but you have to make wise choices. I'd say around 90 percent of movie casting is about the way you look, so you have to fight that. If producers had their way, I'd only be in action films, but I'm interested in a more varied career than that.
I'm intrigued by the dark. Out of darkness comes creation.
Just because you're of the same sex, what difference does it make? Get married to whomever you want.
I try not to have high expectations of people because it just sets you up for disappointment, but it's great to work with actors who are that talented and accomplished.
I always feel like I want to do my career my own way.
I never follow anybody's path, what they've done.
We've always been ready for female superheroes. Because women want to be them and men want to do them.
I always feel like I want to do my career my own way. I never follow anybody's path, what they've done.
I want to work with great directors. I want to work on good material with good actors. I've probably done 20 movies at this point and a lot of independents. It's been an incredible ride and I love it and I'm just going to keep going and doing what I'm doing.
It's never been important to be a huge star or to have some breakout role. If you're the lead, you get a lot more screen time and you get a lot more chances to develop that character more thoroughly than you would if you do it in a little supporting part.
Robert De Niro... It seemed like a pretty cool thing to do to put his name on my resume next.
I love scary movies. The Shining and Don't Look Now are two of the best.
I like to go from mainstream movies to more artsy films. I don't sign on for the money. Maybe I should, but I don't. There's always a good reason for doing something.
The only way to do is just to go for it, otherwise it ends up looking phoney.
I don't know how to cook and there's so much work involved you have to buy the groceries and prepare them. I like it when people cook for me, or I'll just order some take-out.
I have a friend in New York who's a stylist and I went over to her place because she's got a lot of clothes. I basically ended up wearing most of it. So it's all stuff that I brought over.
I love the first two X-Men movies because I thought that Bryan Singer did such a great job. He elevated that whole genre. He's a very talented director.
I know Dark Phoenix is a huge part of the X-Men saga, so I'm assuming they're at least going to want to touch on it, but I don't know and I don't know whether I would want to be involved. That depends on many different things.
I live in New York. I don't really particularly want to move to LA.
Triple tonguing? It was sort of invented. It wasn't in the script. It was something that I came up with.
I'm trying to fight typecasting as hard as I can, while I have time.
Once you achieve a certain level of success or fame, it becomes really difficult to go against type.
If you do well as an actor, a good director will pick up on it, and keep it in the film.
I don't watch TV.
There's certain things I try to avoid, as an actress, just to keep my world from being as narrow as it could be.
