English,Actress
There is not enough celebration of companionship. Relationships aren't just about eroticism and sexuality.
However successful you are, there is no substitute for a close relationship. We all need them.
Too often, older women are seen as victims, but I know lots of formidable women who have marvellous jobs as well as a full erotic life, and children and friends and family.
I'm trying to learn to smoke, which is rather weird when everyone is trying to stop. I'm not a smoker. But my character only smokes as an affectation.
I'm one of the great unemployed looking for the next job. I'm waiting for the right offer. Like anyone, I want something that turns me on inside.
Sometimes sushi is just superb, and other times there's nothing like a great big steak. It depends where your taste buds are at the time.
When I was starting out, young actresses had the studio system to protect them. Now you have a host of sharks, from your agent to your publicist to your lawyer.
You have to be careful not to let your fear stop you doing things. It's very exciting to test yourself.
In Europe, we admire grown-up women; I think men revere older women.
Thank God we're not like America. Everyone wants to look like they're 20. In Europe we admire grown-up women; I think men revere older women.
The biggest privilege I've had in my life is being able to make a choice. If you make a choice, it can't be a wrong choice because it seemed like a good idea at the time.
I maintain the rather old-fashioned view that this is my work and it's in the public arena, but that doesn't entitle everyone to know what happened at home before coming here.
As you grow older, your whole life becomes very rich, multifaceted.
Everything has changed. An interview has become such a confrontational thing. It makes you very defensive.
Having children with someone is the real bond.
I am not a fanatic about anything. I do what I can do when I've got the time.
I am not going to share my private life with millions of people. I don't find a need to do that and nobody else close to me does either.
I am pretty self-indulgent.
I can feel the 60S looming. In my profession, I've just moved along with my age. By thinking in decades, rather than whether someone's 42 or 47, you can give yourself a whole 10 years to turn yourself around in.
I consulted a Chinese herbalist and spent two weeks on an island off the coast of Zanzibar. I was away from any kind of contemporary technology.
I couldn't imagine playing someone young now; it would be so boring.
I didn't choose to be an actress.
I do find acting cathartic.
I do think it's important to live in the present because in that way you won't be living in a state of regret.
I don't believe in expending energy on something you can't do anything about. If there was some easy way of fixing things, I'd probably do it.
I don't buy the tabloids, but you're surrounded by it all and people tell you things they've read. I'd be sitting on a train looking over someone's shoulder and thinking: That's familiar... oh my God, it's me.
I don't think the media circus has ever been a shock to my life seeing as I was with Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor when I was 17.
I turned down a lot of films.
I don't regret the passing of time. I try to live in the present, which should mean my life's full.
After all my various relationships I find myself now home alone.
The funny thing is I'm not bothered or sad about being on my own - after all I've never had a husband.
I have got a few misters interested but nobody special these days.
I've always kept fit but I've been doing gym and yoga and will be throwing my stilettoes away for a while!
I was always going to be a dancer - I drifted into acting.
I was seen dancing at school by a director, who asked me to be in a TV play. And it had a huge impact. So I think that's what really started me off.
We all know now that people can look good for their age. It isn't so extraordinary, I don't know why people go on about it so much.
Fame and stardom sat very easily on Elizabeth Taylor's shoulders.
Truly charismatic people, in my experience, don't come along very often.
You can be revered for all sorts of qualities, but to be truly charismatic is rare. Elizabeth Taylor was, for me, one of those rarities.
So many stars lose their way, and with success become more neurotic, not less so.
Everything is about class in England, whether it's upper, lower or middle. Why should that be?
Everyone has class, one class or another.
I never pursued being 'famous.'
Exposure makes you famous, not just good work. Famous is being plastered everywhere.
It's not so much the dressing up, but I love the idea of moving and existing in a different time.
Eat well and sleep well. That will feed your nervous system and your psyche. As you get older, you look how you feel.
An interview has become such a confrontational thing. It makes you very defensive.
From 1 till 7, when we moved to England, I spoke only Portuguese.
In the theatre, once you've gone about eight rows back, everybody else is just listening to you. You're very small, and nobody can really see what you're doing.
I think you live a fuller life with someone else, you know, you're firing on all cylinders. It can be a nightmare at times, we all know that, but nevertheless in the end I think to have someone else's input on anything - a book, a meal, your children, life, a walk - is fantastic.
I come from a very hospitable, close, Catholic, matriarchal family.
I'm not bothered or sad about being on my own - after all, I've never had a husband.
I have always done exercise because I was a dancer, and it is probably good for you. I have done yoga consistently.
I can easily sleep from nine to 13 hours a night.
My children were brought up with their grandparents, and I was brought up with my grandparents. I think the continuity of moving through life together gives people a certain pride and sense of security.
I've never been too afraid of what other people have said, especially when I was younger, but I suppose that was the arrogance of youth.
I think people should do whatever they want to do. That's the point. Why should you care what other people think or say? You're not living in their pocket.
I like having a good time. It's probably my mother's Brazilian genes in me - party, party.
My mother was madly adventurous. My father was an actor - he worked with Gielgud - and my mother came from a very wealthy family. She definitely wasn't meant to marry an actor, but she eloped with him one lunch-time.
