American,Actress
When my mood was high, I seemed normal, even buoyant. I felt smarter. I had secrets. I could see God in a light bulb.
Some women feel the best cure for a broken heart is a new beau.
Life is a little like a message in a bottle, to be carried by the winds and the tides.
I admire anyone who rids himself of an addiction.
When you have spent an important part of your life playing Let's Pretend, it's often easy to see symbolism where none exists.
Jealousy is, I think, the worst of all faults because it makes a victim of both parties.
Cars, furs, and gems were not my weaknesses.
Trying to make order out of my life was like trying to pick up a jellyfish.
Those who become mentally ill often have a history of chronic pain.
Rehearsals and screening rooms are often unreliable because they can't provide the chemistry between an audience and what appears on the stage or screen.
Wealth, beauty, and fame are transient. When those are gone, little is left except the need to be useful.
Men are wonderful. I adore them. They always give you the benefit of the doubt.
As an actress, I was trained to show emotion I did not feel, or no emotion at all.
Everyone should see Hollywood once, I think, through the eyes of a teenage girl who has just passed a screen test.
When I met Jack Kennedy, he was a serious young man with a dream. He was not a womanizer, not as I understood the term.
What a different world it was when I first sailed for Europe in 1930, with my mother, sister, and brother to spend six months abroad.
We cannot calculate the numbers of people who left, fled or were fished out of Europe just ahead of the Holocaust.
Unlike the stage, I never found it helpful to be good in a bad movie.
Throughout my career, I was to be cast as a frontier girl, an aristocrat, an Arabian, a Eurasian, a Polynesian, and a Chinese.
There were days that I worked all the time, without a layoff, or a rest, finishing one picture and reporting for another sometimes on the same day.
The word actress has always seemed less a job description to me than a title.
The main cause of my difficulties stemmed from the tragedy of my daughter's unsound birth and my inability to face my feelings.
The Howard Hughes I knew began to change after his plane crash in 1941.
The Hollywood structure was monopolistic, run by four or five big studios.
My mother would not talk to me for weeks, would not stay under my roof for as long as I was married to Oleg.
My departure from Hollywood was described as a walk-out. No one understood that I was cracking up.
I do not recall spending long hours in front of a mirror loving my reflection.
I dated dozens of young men, had fun with all, made commitments to none.
I ask myself: Would I have been any worse off if I had stayed home or lived on a farm instead of shock treatments and medication?
I approached everything, my job, my family, my romances, with intensity.
I am not the kind of woman who excuses her mistakes while reminding us of what used to be.
I always tried to play my hunches.
Houses are one of my passions. I probably should have been an interior decorator.
Hollywood can be hard on women, but it did not cause my problems.
For years it never occurred to me to question the judgment of those in charge at the studio.
Fonda and Gary Cooper had the best sense of timing of all the actors I knew.
Eccentric behavior is not routinely noticed around a movie set.
Day after day, I spent long afternoons in the talent pool, being told how to walk, how to talk, how to sit.
Children don't understand about people loving each other and then suddenly not.
Chaplin was notoriously strict with his sons and rarely gave them spending money.
About my career I was serious and earnest, sometimes impatient.
