American,Actress
Since I've started fighting it has taught me a lot about self respect, self confidence and self control.
I wake up every morning and I surprise myself. I wake up to a new me.
My mom used to tell me: 'It's not what you weigh; it's what you look like.'
A lot of people enjoyed the film 'Haywire' and a lot of people have mixed feelings on it but regardless, a lot of people have said really wonderful things about it being my first experience, that the fighting they absolutely enjoyed. So I think I've gotten a lot more fans, actually.
You shouldn't be greedy. You should feel good about yourself and not be greedy of what other people have.
I have gotten some of the most beautiful experiences that a person can possibly ask for so I'm not at all complaining.
My first fight. I fought a girl that was a little bit heavier, a little bit more experienced and I was petrified because I didn't know what I was getting myself into. And I did really well against her and nobody believed it was my first fight.
I know I don't look like the skinny slender model. I know I look a little different but people like to watch me for some reason. It feels good and I'm humbled by it.
It's a very big deal to me to remain the same person because I know all of this is going to be gone one day and I'm just going to have myself.
On 'American Gladiators,' I got to pummel a lot of people off a pyramid with a giant Q-tip. It was so much fun to wrestle people with no risk of getting knocked out or choked out.
I am always training because I love it.
You want to get better even after people smash you down. You want to be better than you were before.
It's a constant battle for everybody, but you need to be happy with yourself.
I definitely don't want to be one of those athletes who turns into a cheesy actress.
I am not a violent person. I actually don't like to hurt people.
The guys I date always want to test my strength and wrestle around. By the end, they're drenched in sweat.
I like fighting because it's honest.
There are certain things that I always dreamed of, like fighting in the UFC. There's just certain things that I feel like haven't been accomplished there. There's such great women coming up in the sport; seems like a wonderful time to be in women's MMA.
When I throw a punch, I mean it.
My last fight wasn't the way I wanted it to go so there is a hole there; don't count me out.
Well you know, I have the utmost respect for people like Angelina Jolie and Zoe Saldana in 'Colombiana. '
My knowledge of video games ends with Nintendo 'Mario Bros.'
Fighting is my career, it's what I love to do, but I am taking offers and trying to expand because the more I expand myself, the more valuable I become to promoters.
I don't get paid what people think I get paid for fighting.
The ultimate first date? Something that is completely out of the ordinary - go crazy, because first dates are always a little awkward, so do something a little extreme.
I find that whoever you are as a person is how you're gonna fight, and every basic instinct kind of comes out at that moment.
