New Zealander,Actress
I love those connections that make this big old world feel like a little village.
I eat tons, three full meals a day, and I never go to the gym. When I was a child, my geography teacher said, 'You may be slim now but if you carry on eating like that, you'll end up being really fat.' Fortunately, I really don't think I've changed much in the past two decades, so that teacher was an idiot.
It's always fun messing around with costumes and stuff. You know there is an element of acting that you've got to dress-up; that's part of it.
When I get a new script, I write a record of how many costume and make-up changes I have. I cross-check them against the shooting schedule and then consult with the hair and make-up designers.
Fans believe they have a relationship with you, either through your TV character or, more reasonably, through the tweets you may have exchanged. In a way, you have gotten to know them. You learn about people's kids, families, pets.
I think there was a petition online to get me involved in 'Doctor Who.' I'm not a 'Doctor Who' fanatic, but I am a Steven Moffat fanatic.
Every person has parallel tracks. You have your personal life or your life as an artist, or whatever it is you do.
I don't like dressing up, and I don't like putting on make-up or doing the red carpet. The only red carpet events I go to are if I'm supporting a friend.
I don't like crowds or attention.
I've had my taste of intense fame, and I've got it out of my system. Now I'm free to choose parts which fulfil me in different ways.
French cinema allows women to look... a certain way and be talented at the same time.
The only time I get recognised is when I go somewhere that is showing 'Coupling' on local television.
I love acting, and I have no desire to direct.
There was a time when going out to parties and dinner parties and clubs was an exciting thing to do. I'd wake up in the morning and immediately think, 'Now what am I doing tonight?' Now I'd be more likely to reach for a book.
I started elocution lessons because I was being teased, and I had a brilliant drama teacher. At the age of 14, I appeared at the National Theatre in 'The Crucible.'
I carried on acting during school holidays and was all set to go to drama school when I was offered my first professional job appearing in 'King David' with Richard Gere.
I'm not really that keen on mainstream; I'm not interested in doing the normal films. I do tend to go for the quirky, different scripts.
Any friendship or relationship is about a language.
I have always liked family-type dramas; I just think the dynamics in families make for some really interesting characters.
I am a big comedy fan, having been in 'Coupling.'
My all-time favourite programme is 'Seinfeld;' I could just sit and watch that over and over again.
When I had the wonderful occasion to play a goofball, Jane, in 'Coupling,' it was definitely an homage to Julia Louis-Dreyfus, who I just think is a genius.
Some people think it's an easy gig working as an extra, but you often have to stay very concentrated for long stretches in challenging conditions.
In England, I've never had to drive myself to work. I don't think the English producers trust actors to get up at five A.M. and get to the set on time.
My average day on 'Leverage' starts at 5 A. M. and ends 12 to 14 hours later. An hour drive to the set and back sometimes makes the day unbearably long. You have to grab a few minutes to yourself where you can.
One of the things you have to get used to, working on a TV show, is filming out of sync.
