American,Actress
I know now that there are men out there who are, for me, the whole package, who are supportive of my successes because they know I will be just as supportive of theirs. I'm less tolerant of foolishness now; I know that it's important I not tie myself up with the wrong person, because then I will miss the right person coming along.
With the counseling of my family doctor, my mother ended up turning to Weight Watchers and their children's program. I went to weekly meetings, got counseling and would exercise with my peers who were my size. It was the first time I saw a proper children's portion size, and it wasn't two burgers, it was one.
But I love being scared. I think you're brave only when you do things that scare you. I've always used fear as a motivator. I'm not sure why.
It took me realizing that a broken heart has never actually killed anyone to find the courage to ask for what I want, in just about every situation. That was part of my own growing up.
Everything goes with short hair. It's bananas.
I really am super lazy and doing long hair, especially mine, is a big pain in the butt. It's filled with cowlicks and kinks and curls and frizz - and it was taking too much time in the morning.
You know, one of my biggest dreams in life is to play a Disney princess.
There's nothing I want less than a piece of cheese or a burger. I have nightmares I'm being force-fed these things. I have no interest in converting anyone. It's purely how I want to live my life. I don't judge anyone.
I'm a better person in a relationship, and I'm a happier person. I need to come home at the end of the day and have it not be about me and my freaking hair and makeup and character motivations anymore. And I think my work is more inspired when home is safe and sound and solid, because what I do for a living is so bananas and so insecure.
Couldn't start the morning without caffeine.
I have very curly hair and I straighten it every day - it takes maybe two minutes. I can't imagine anyone having a bigger challenge than I do in the kinkiness that is my crazy 'fro.'
Unfortunately, as obsessed as I am with all of those Grimm's slash Disney princesses, I do think women have evolved socially in so many ways.
Oh my gosh, I feel like I'm really obsessive about anything dealing with my health.
Oh my gosh, I'd give so much advice to a younger version of myself. I would say it really does get better as you get older. The things that mean so much, the things that seem like, you know, it's going to cause the end of the world, are all things that I've already forgotten.
It's like, if you can't focus on a movie for 90 minutes without looking at your phone, then don't go to the movies! You've got some issues, so you should probably stay home and work on those issues, and not distract everyone with lights, and sounds, oh my gosh, the tapping on the screens, it makes me crazy!
I cherish all of the times I've fallen on my face and made mistakes, because those experiences have made me who I am.
I'm not nomadic by nature.
I've never had body issues, I've never had an eating disorder. I've never had to go on a diet and that's because of Weight Watchers.
At 9 years old I weighed about 10 lbs. less than what my weight is at 32. I needed to get help.
I see girls who haven't had a carbohydrate in three years. The second you go back to eating right, you're going to put that weight on. You eat one piece of bread and you are screwed, lady!
I perpetuate rumors that I've dated people that I've never actually dated.
I don't know why anyone would want to ask an actor for dating advice. We are not the poster children for healthy relationships.
When I'm doing a film, I love getting together after work with my costars. But we get back to L.A. and I'm like, 'I don't want to go to a club with you, dude. I mean, I think you're rad, and if you want to come play Scrabble with me, that's amazing.'
I want to work endlessly and tirelessly until I'm an old, old lady.
I'm insanely girly. I like having the door opened for me. I want to cook dinner for my boyfriend. And I can't wait to have babies.
Nudity is for my boyfriend or my doctor.
Why do only boys get to chase? Nuh-uh! If anything, I think this whole sitting back and waiting thing can be self-sabotaging. We have to send up flares. We have to let guys know we're open for business.
After spending time with the rescued turkeys at Farm Sanctuary's shelter and seeing how similar they are to my furry companion animals at home, I knew I needed to do everything in my power to protect these friendly and curious birds from the daily pain and suffering they endure on factory farms.
People always say a script will be 'brought to life in a magical way,' but for me that has been proven wrong time and time again.
I am much more open to plural marriage than I was before, and I now support it in certain situations. I do believe it is right for some people. But our example in America today is gross abuse - I can't support it in fundamentalist compounds.
In real life, people don't try to live dramatically, people try to live in a light way. People try to laugh.
As long as I can wear a wig I can be any character, and in real life I can be myself.
My day-to-day wardrobe, I do mix it up. I'll wear something from Target along with something by YSL. It's about finding the right items that make you happy.
I think of clothes a lot like costumes. I think of what I wear in real life as being my real life character's costume.
The costumes are insane on 'Once Upon a Time.' It did influence my taking the job, the fact that not only would I be horseback riding and sword fighting and traipsing through the woods but I would be doing all those things in insane, medieval garb.
