American,Actress
The love you have for your child is so much greater than any challenge you'll face as a parent, and that's what helps you through.
It's hard to stay true to yourself and what you want in life when there are so many distractions and so much craziness going on around you.
I think I'm happy with who I am. I don't know if I learned that from other girls or just people in general.
I think people assume I'm perfect. I'm not. I make mistakes. I do things I regret. I'm stubborn.
Every week I read about myself in a magazine, about something that I haven't done or some place that I've never been or don't even know. It's just gossip, rumors, egos, and politics.
I have always been interested in the paranormal and afterlife, everything from ghosts to angels. I think that everyone has that curiosity of the great unknown.
Guys make me feel secure and comfortable when I'm scared or need attention. They bring stability. And affection. And fun. And drama. You learn so much from a boyfriend. It's hard to put into words, I guess.
Girls bat their eyelashes and act like they don't know anything in front of guys they like, or give a little bit of eye contact, but not too much, or a bit of touching. Or being coy. Sure, I do a bit of that.
I've had a very unique path that's different from everybody else's. I was never a dater. I never went out that much. I've always had long-distance relationships. And, everything has come very fast in my life. I haven't waited for much.
I started taking singing classes just two years ago. It was great. I never knew I could sing but I kind of found my voice.
I pop gum. My parents get so annoyed with me. I know my dad wishes he never taught me how to do that.
Weird, but sometimes I feel more like my cartoon character than I do Lizzie because she's a little more edgy and snappy.
People talk worse about people than they talk good about people, because a lot of people like drama.
I ate a bug once. It was flying around me. I was trying to get it away. It went right in my mouth. It was so gross!
People are going to say what they want to say and think what they want to think, and I can't change their minds.
When I first got my record deal, I was like, 'I just want to sing,' and I never put much thought into what really goes into a record. But as I got older, I developed a passion for writing.
I think ambition can be having something that you're good at and love to do.
A part of me isn't like those women who love being pregnant. I love my baby, and I miss that feeling of being attached to him when he's kicking, but I was so ready to not be pregnant.
Everybody always talks about it, about how you don't know love until you meet your baby, and you really feel that. There are no words. It was a really wonderful surprise. And there is no way to prepare yourself for the sleep deprivation and what comes with it.
My life is very crazy and busy, but I love it that way.
Mom always tells me to celebrate everyone's uniqueness. I like the way that sounds.
No, I'm not! I'm not a tomboy! I love my makeup! That's not true! I'm not a tomboy!
Like going to my favorite restaurant, it can sometimes get hard. I just can't go to the mall.
I knew I wanted to act, and I was really driven, so I kept going for it. We moved to L.A. full-time when I was 8 or 9.
I also love Dido and Nelly Furtado and people who are really into their music like that. And I love Renee Zellweger.
Now my music is kind of pop-rock, right? If I'm 25 and singing still, I don't want to be singing music like that.
I don't believe in having one partner for your whole life, but I hope I get married. I want to have a husband and two kids and a nice little life baking pies. I'm quite romantic. It's definitely important to have someone make you feel special.
Humans are very complex; I definitely have a new respect for authors that are able to write books nonstop. It's an incredible talent.
I have been writing songs and poems since I was a little girl. I started writing short scripts, which evolved into the idea for a book.
I don't keep a journal anymore. I did when I was younger, and I think its good for young girls to try and express what they are feeling on paper; it's cathartic.
Sometimes I got scared of being too honest, because being in the public eye, I have always tried to hide my personal life. But I realized that isn't healthy.
I'm outgoing when I have to be, but usually, I'm kinda shy. I always think people don't want to talk to me. Some people might take that as being stuck-up, but I'm just shy.
I try not to look at my schedule for the week because I'll get so overwhelmed. Every day, there are multiple things to be done and 10 things I don't end up accomplishing.
I love Natalie Portman. She worked when she was younger, and she's so talented and private. She doesn't do things that are too crazy, but she pushes the envelope enough.
