American,Actress
When we were doing a scene, lots of times we would collapse giggling, because it seemed so silly because it felt like we were doing a home movie at times.
When I do a character, I try to base it on someone I have met or an experience I've had.
We were big Saturday Night Live and Eddie Murphy fans.
There's too much insecurity on studio sets, with all the people standing around, whispering.
It's nice to see a movie where people are actually succeeding.
It was an interesting way to come across in my first big role. To work with Robert DeNiro was very exciting.
In high school, my goal was to be a writer for SNL, then I got into the acting.
The best situation is where they cast you and then they trust you.
I've done a few studio films in the last few years where I feel like I've done good work, and then I only end up in two scenes. That's been very disappointing.
I'm a huge poster collector.
I'm a big fan of Albert Brooks, Nichols and May. I'd like to follow in their footsteps and do comedy films.
I wore a lot of vintage clothing. I dressed like a reporter, with a little card in my hat. I had these fantasies of who I wanted to be, so I'd dress like an explorer, a cowboy. I dressed up like Elton John a lot too. That was another period.
I want to be an animated character. I'm also doing more writing and directing.
I met Patricia Neal, John Houseman. But I loved my grandfather because he was this kind, talented man.
I loved the idea of the Nerd as Hero, which Ghost World also had.
I love sketch comedy. My real goal is to do something with Albert Brooks. That would be my fantasy. I stay up night and day thinking up stuff he might find funny.
I love anything to do with ventriloquism and magic.
I like the idea of capturing people who aren't there to save the world.
I like doing movies that relate to people's experience.
I know as I'm taking my dying breath, the ambulance guy will ask me why they cancelled Action.
I had an obsession that I was male characters from movies.
I come from a pretty strange family.
I always wanted to get into the horror genre. I like scary movies. I want to go to the fan shows and sign posters with my head hanging by a thread like a B-movie actress.
God only knows what else is on the web about me.
