Actress
Every time I watch someone's dedication, I get inspired.
Marriage does figure in my life, as I do want to have children. But I could also consider having children without getting married. The primary thing is having a good father, a partner who could be there with me through that journey.
I can't stand fake people. I can feel it when someone feigns it.
I was very confused in the beginning about my red carpet appearances and wanted to try every look, be it grungy, girly, punk or bohemian.
It's a great feeling when your work is appreciated.
Yoga disciplines both the mind and the souls and not just your body. It helps me in having a constant positive outlook in life. I would love my family to adopt this form of fitness as well.
I would recommend all girls to please oil their hair at least once a week.
Bollywood is getting bigger and better.
Since I was as young as I can remember, my dolls became my babies. I still have my teddy bear from childhood that I named Mama Bear because, actually, I wanted to be the mama.
Salman will always be that special person in my life because he was able to change my career. I will never ever forget what he has done for me. On the personal front, too, he has advised me as a friend and family, something I couldn't have even asked for.
Salman is genuinely a nice man who helps people. He is someone who I trust blindly. I think he has been an important person in my life.
It's fun to work with men. They don't bully you. On the contrary, they guide you and become one of your buddies.
I've never raised my hand on anyone in my whole life. I feel it's barbaric.
What Salman and Sajid Nadiadwala have done for me is priceless. I'll do any film for them without a single question.
I always wanted to play with my brothers, but they never let me and always bullied me. The bonding with my brothers happened only after we went our separate ways. That's when we understood the value of each other. Now, we talk a lot.
When I entered Bollywood, I didn't have any advantage over anyone. I didn't know how to act, I was not from the industry, I didn't know the language, and I didn't know how to dance. So, whatever films I was getting, I was just taking them up.
Beautiful feet are coveted by all women, everywhere of all ages, especially when they want to look their best and show off those strappy heels.
We all portray a lot of characters, and once we get into a shot, we have to come out of our skin and be a completely different person.
When buying beauty products, I always check the ingredients. The product should be sourced from natural ingredients. It should have not been tested on animals, as I am against animal testing, and it should be soft on the skin.
I have a restaurant in Sri Lanka, and I feel keen to open up something here in Mumbai and bring Sri Lankan food here in India. I feel we have so much in common, but we have a different cuisine, and I am sure people will enjoy here.
When it comes to my skin, I experiment with a lot of home remedies.
Take care of yourself by eating right, sleeping right, and exercising regularly! These are the only rules I swear by. If you follow this religiously and use the right products, your skin and hair will thank you.
I am very particular about cleansing.
I believe in clean skin and using a good cleanser, toner, and moisturiser.
The Bhatts are an amazing family and a production house to work with, and I guess anyone will back me up for this.
Actresses cannot have any inhibitions while portraying bold characters. It is something that we learn on the first page of the book on acting.
I know, whoever visits my restaurant, they have loved the food.
When I first came to India from Sri Lanka, people were surprised to see my toned arms. I had come right after the Miss Universe pageant.
The first time I joined the gym was during the Miss Sri Lanka pageant in 2006. Then, I went for the Miss Universe contest where I was exposed to girls who were very fit for their age. They could have joined the Olympics. They were doing crazy exercises.
Neither am I on an extreme diet nor am I on an extreme workout.
I'm very used to being in India now and to working with actors and directors I'm comfortable with because I know them already.
This will sound really funny, but I'm so used to shooting in Hindi that shooting in English took a while to get used to.
English is my first language, but when I started shooting for 'Definition of Fear,' I actually had trouble with my lines! It was so weird, because I never have trouble with my lines in Hindi!
I am a director's actress in general - I depend a lot on them.
In terms of my looks in 'Brothers,' it's definitely not a glamourised look. It is very realistic.
We are trying to push the envelope with a lot of characters in 'Brothers.' We are going out of the way and being honest to our roles.
In 'Brothers,' I am going into a zone that is something that I have not done. It's a very simple and desi character. It's also a character that I think a lot of people would not have expected me to do.
I think, as an actress, it is amazing to shock your audiences.
I enjoy doing comedy.
What motivates me is that the best is yet to come.
The most important thing is that you don't bore the audience.
Our craft is all we have. So, we should keep it challenging and exciting. Else, there's no actual growth.
The only thing that comes naturally to me is my energy.
I wouldn't say it's effortless for me to be glamorous.
I have a very active team who works with me when it comes to my styling and putting together a look.
Actresses are usually either the love interest or the glam quotient in a movie, but I play a strong character in 'Dishoom' who is at par with the guys, thanks to director Rohit Dhawan and his out-of-the-box thinking.
It was exciting for me, as I got to be one of the guys in 'Dishoom.'
Everyone may not go and buy a ticket to watch a movie, but everyone has a television at home. It definitely has a huge reach and a huge connect with the audience.
I have spent quite some time in Malaysia, as my mother is from there. And shooting there was a great experience.
The scariest thing about 'Roy' was that it was sync sound. So, I had to worry about my diction all the more along with my emotions, acting, and my dialogues. That was very challenging because it pushed me to work on my Hindi, and in a good way.
Being single, I thought would be fun, but it is terribly boring. And I am a romantic, but only when I am in love. I can't force it otherwise.
When I am in love, I am ridiculously and hopelessly romantic.
I wish actors got more credit for humour.
In comedy, if you don't have the right tuning with your co-actor, the humour can fall flat.
I'm concentrating on my career, which is my top priority. The rest will follow eventually.
I am really excited about my next films, as I am working with big names like Salman and Ranbir.
Post 'Kick,' I was flooded with offers. The film has given me a solid fan base even in Dubai and Bahrain.
I think what happens is, people do just want to see you as a glamour doll that's put up on screen, but I guess it's how you see yourself.
I love the fact that Bollywood is getting so much more globalised. Instead of us looking out there, people are looking to India and coming to us!
I'd love to venture out into some international work. I would like to do some work in Sri Lanka as well.
Karan Malhotra is an amazing director, but he's strict.
I have two brothers and a sister. I am the youngest in the family and was a bit of a tom boy.
One of my brothers is a body builder, and the other is an accountant. Both of them live in Australia, so I rarely get to see them. My sister lives in the U.S.
I always seek one quality in my friends - that they should be genuine.
I don't like being over-friendly, as people could take me for granted.
Being professional makes it easier for me to say no, be honest, and not feel bad about it. However, that doesn't mean that you stay aloof.
My brothers live in Australia and don't really know about Bollywood.
I would love to have children, as I am such a mommy. I have always been like that.
Don't be afraid to admit what your dreams are.
I never hide anything.
