English,Actress
Character contributes to beauty. It fortifies a woman as her youth fades. A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude, and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.
I'm quite happy being myself. I'm a big fan of Jessica Lange and Jeanne Moreau, but I don't want to be anyone else.
Ideally, couples need three lives; one for him, one for her, and one for them together.
The thing about anything in life is you have to get ready for it. Study, learn.
There is an eternal humanity that crosses through all people, and it's more interesting often when it's about struggle - not people with champagne glasses.
I love being in my garden. I don't plant a lot of exotic flora, but I do spend a lot of time outside doing manual labour.
I am a great lover of art, in many forms: paintings, objets, textiles. I don't have the talent for painting, but I have a very good sense of colour, a love of visual beauty.
I don't come in with any preconceived ideas, and although I will have done some preparation, I can go which way the director wants.
I'm a perfectionist. I need to be needed. I need to do things for a man. But I don't need to do them as much, these days.
My view is quite simple. When your dog pees on the carpet, you do not give away your dog. You say, This dog is special. I have to teach him not to pee on the carpet. I feel exactly the same way about men. They need to be taught things.
When I am working on a movie, all I want to talk about is the movie. All I want to be with are the movie people. It's like a clan. If I'm asked to people's houses for dinner, I hate to go, because they'll talk about other things.
I grew up in a small town about 40 miles outside London, but it was a fairly cosmopolitan household.
Of course, you see your body changing as you age, but it's more important to live than be too preoccupied with that sort of thing. I think ultimately what people care about in other people is the energy, the spirit.
I want to keep my attractiveness as long as I can. It has to do with vitality and energy and interest.
I'd like to get my public image nearer to my reality. People have a lot of misconceptions.
A Latin teacher told me I might make a good actress, and that stuck in my memory. I did some modeling, and Polanski gave me that small part.
At first I was always cast as the girlfriend. It was a long time before I got to play characters who were people.
At the time, 1980, people regarded actresses involved with production with a certain amount of fear, resentment and anger.
Being around people with whom you feel a connection, on many levels, not just a professional one, is very relaxing. Your ears are more open to someone who is not a cantankerous bastard.
I can't believe I've been doing it so long. In the last three or four years, I've slowed down. I'm doing only the roles I really want to do.
I could never have conceived that I would ever get to work in a Truffaut film. It was astonishing to me, and still is. I felt like an old pro, but it was still so unexpected.
I have always watched the rushes, and have learned more because I have done so, because you can have all manner of ideas in your head, but they have to end up on the screen.
I have an intense obsession with making films. I not only love to make films, I perhaps need to make films.
I have never given up on men easily.
I have watched people who have nothing to do with the film business, but who have become part of the circle for a short period of time. They can be truly devastated when the film wraps and people leave.
I really feel that the talent I have is acting. Freedom and the possibility of play-that is what I like to have.
I work very hard at relationships. I've done the thing of being home. I worked all day and came home and did all the stuff at home that a woman is supposed to do, the cooking and the entertaining. I'm a perfectionist, and, besides, I loved all those things.
I had no aspirations to be part of American cinema... I was really a Europe-based person, and those were the films I was inspired by.
A lot of actors work too much. There comes a point where it's hard to mask your basic personality. It's a bit like a relationship. If you're always there, they can't desire you.
I have emotional strings that tie me to Europe.
People make sequels a lot in Hollywood, and sometimes it feels like there's never an original thought.
I always had cats and animals, so children were never really in my thoughts.
I wanted to go to acting school, and I did a few modeling jobs to pay for acting school. I never aspired to be a model. I met lots of photographers, and I learned a lot about light - as a source of love and illumination, light as a gift of love. On film, that's a massive contribution.
I think the grandfather of the set is the director. He needs to have authority, to do what people want. A warm grandfather; he needs to know his job, to be open.
I've done five films directed by women. I did like it. They had qualities, particularly in the romantic tenderness of scenes. I felt sometimes they were a little bit soft, but maybe they were clever to get the guys working the way they wanted them to.
What I realized on the 'Grasshopper' was that I wasn't sure that I liked being in every shot. It wasn't fun.
I went to see Oliver Stone's 'Heaven & Earth,' which I thought was a wonderful movie, but I walked out because I was so moved. It was too painful to watch.
I have very intense conversations with friends, people I really interconnect with. We talk about politics, important things. I like to talk about ideas and get people to be specific.
