American,Actress
I believe that life is hard. That we all are going to walk through things that are hard and challenging, and yet advertising wants us to believe that it's all easy.
I have very short hair. It's the only cute haircut I think I've ever had.
I don't think any woman wants to be known for being beautiful or busty. I think you want to be known for who you are.
If you just watch a teenager, you see a lot of uncertainty.
I've always put my family first and that's just the way it is.
Kids are going to try drugs and alcohol; that's part of society.
I'm a tidy, neat person. But I'm not a maniac.
My life is so filled with my children, my family, and the charitable work I do.
I actually think there's an incredible amount of self-knowledge that comes with getting older.
I think happiness comes from self-acceptance. We all try different things, and we find some comfortable sense of who we are. We look at our parents and learn and grow and move on. We change.
Getting sober just exploded my life. Now I have a much clearer sense of myself and what I can and can't do. I am more successful than I have ever been. I feel very positive where I never did before, and I think that's all a direct result of getting sober.
Actually, the books were never a planned career path.
My mother and stepfather were married 43 years, so I have watched a long marriage. I feel like I had a very good role model for that. And, you know, it's just a number.
If I'm honest I don't think the world would miss me if I never acted again.
The more I like me, the less I want to pretend to be other people.
With short hair you have to get a haircut every two or three weeks. And if you're coloring your hair, you have to color it that often. Every time I did it, I felt fraudulent.
I'm uninterested in superheroes. I am only interested in real stories, real people, real connection.
I barely got out of high school, and I look back at my life often and go, 'Wow, this was awesome!'
The most rewarding aspect of parenting is seeing my children be authentic. The most rewarding thing for me is to see them do anything that they're proud of.
I used to dream of being normal. For me, if Kirk Douglas walked into the house, that was normal.
I thought, while they're up and firm, why not shoot them once or twice.
All the work built my fame and certainly made me more money, but the toll it took in my home was not good.
And I was ashamed of myself for feeling like I had to do that in order to look a certain way. I felt misshapen, just not natural anymore. And I think it was a big stimulator of my drug use.
Because I know I'm an addict, and I know I'm an alcoholic.
Being an actor, you are recognized for being somebody else, whereas these books are distilled from me.
Hollywood is the backdrop of my family, and I know that the movie business is incredibly cruel as you get older.
I've had a little plastic surgery. I've had a little lipo. I've had a little Botox. And you know what? None of it works. None of it.
I'm going to look the way God intends me to look... with a little help from Manolo Blahnik.
If I were an actress today at the age of 18, I would never make it, because now our young actresses all seem to be very beautiful and very talented right away.
I guess I want very much to be recognized for my abilities, for the work I put in, and yet it's still always there - who my parents were. As much as I love my parents, if that was the last thing ever said about me - that I was their daughter - I would be disappointed that my contributions weren't strong enough on their own.
I'm a performer. I've just been one since I was a little girl. I used to pretend all the time.
I'm a human being who lives a flawed, contradictory life. And I have all sorts of problems and all sorts of successes.
I never represented glam. That's the thing, you'll never see me in the front row of a fashion show. I'm uninterested in it. I find it trivial and banal and boring.
I've etched out who I am through myriad haircut attempts, outfit attempts, beauty attempts, diet attempts. It's been an evolution.
If I can challenge old ideas about aging, I will feel more and more invigorated. I want to represent this new way. I want to be a new version of the 70-year-old woman. Vital, strong, very physical, very agile. I think that the older I get, the more yoga I'm going to do.
I'm never going to be an athlete, never going to be running triathlons - I'm not that person.
It's not that I'm retired; I just no longer accept acting work.
