English,Actress
I think a lot of people get so obsessed with the wedding and the expense of the wedding that they miss out on what the real purpose is. It's not about a production number, it's about a meaningful moment between two people that's witnessed by people that they actually really know and care about.
Beauty is a radiance that originates from within and comes from inner security and strong character.
People say women shouldn't have long hair over a certain age, but I've never done what everyone says.
At the end of the day, I let myself have a glass of wine.
I had ordered long legs, but they never arrived. My eyes are weird too, one is gray and the other is green. I have a crooked smile and my nose looks like a ski slope. No, I would not win a Miss contest.
I know that the purpose of life is to understand and be in the present moment with the people you love. It's just that simple.
I wanted to be a serious actress rather than a pretty face.
The family is inclusive of not just your genetic family, but the people that you meet along the way.
Motherhood has relaxed me in many ways. You learn to deal with crisis. I've become a juggler, I suppose. It's all a big circus, and nobody who knows me believes I can manage, but sometimes I do.
Now that I've experienced ageism, I don't regard it as a bad thing. It's been a transition to something more exciting and maybe edgier.
I find it interesting that 16-year-olds are having plastic surgery. People in their 40s used to think, 'I'm aging, I have to do something about it.' Now children are deciding they don't like the way they look.
A lot of actresses I've worked with recently have done so much Botox their faces don't look real anymore. If you freeze everything on your face, you can't emote.
I believe that there is some spiritual entity that's greater than us. I do not belong to any specific organized religion. I have always believed that, and I believe it even more so now. I believe that someone was listening to me, and someone is giving me an incredibly blessed life.
Being creative is my idea of heaven. I'm just incredibly fortunate that I can do it in artwork. Watercolor is what I started out with. What I love about watercolor is that a lot of happy accidents occur.
What I know now is that we're all interconnected and that's a really beautiful thing. We have links to everyone else in our lives and in the world. Different people have different journeys for different reasons. You can't judge, but you can celebrate that there are connections everywhere.
You cannot do everything at once, so find people you trust to help you. And don't be afraid to say no.
You have to count on living every single day in a way you believe will make you feel good about your life - so that if it were over tomorrow, you'd be content with yourself.
Music has brought me some of the highest moments of my life. I don't even hear the music. I don't even hear the notes. I'm not aware that someone has turned on a tape machine - I'm in another world.
Get over jet-lag quickly. I think a lot of people waste the first few days sleeping in the wrong time zone. Sometimes I take melatonin but at other times a glass of wine will do it.
Even though I make those movies, I find myself wishing that more of those magic moments could happen in real life.
When I was younger, I remember thinking, 'I have to pass this mark' or 'I have to get this role' or 'I have to do this or that' and then that will mean I have accomplished something. But life is actually all about the process and not about the goals.
I just did a film in which I had to be a dancer and I was able to do all kinds of extraordinary things. A lot of people turn 50 and talk about what they're not going to do anymore. I embarked on something that I'd wanted to do when I was 5.
My father always told me, you can only be your own best. In other words, if you feel you've done your best, you've done well enough.
I definitely believe in a God and in a higher power, and I definitely take from many different religious cultures. I go to church.
I'm not involved in the politics of religion, but I love what the message is.
If somebody believes that a certain practice will get them to heaven, and then other people believe a different way of doing it, I think it's their choice.
And I always think of life like a giant wave. You know, it rises and it crests and it flies, and it's just magnificent, and then it crashes. And for a lot of people, when it crashes, that's the end, and they go down the deep, dark hole of depression.
An agent once told me that if I would lose my English accent, I would never stop working in America.
I've had two terrific relationships, but both ended in marriage.
