French,Actress
To go out with the setting sun on an empty beach is to truly embrace your solitude.
It's like climbing a staircase. I'm on the top of the staircase, I look behind me and I see the steps. That's where I was.
My life is very exciting now. Nostalgia for what? It's like climbing a staircase. I'm on the top of the staircase, I look behind and see the steps. That's where I was. We're here right now. Tomorrow, we'll be someplace else. So why nostalgia?
The cliche is that life is a mountain. You go up, reach the top and then go down.
Life is an accomplishment and each moment has a meaning and you must use it.
Acting deals with very delicate emotions. It is not putting up a mask. Each time an actor acts he does not hide; he exposes himself.
I work more now because at this time of my life I am not disturbed from my aim by outside pressures such as family, passionate relationships, dealing with 'who am I?' - those complications when one is searching for one's self.
You don't have to be a wreck. You don't have to be sick. One's aim in life should be to die in good health. Just like a candle that burns out.
People's opinions don't interfere with me.
My aim in life is not to judge.
To give and receive love, you have to be in touch with pain, you have to be capable of provoking it and feeling it.
During rehearsals I am confronted by things very mysterious. I have terrific fights with inner demons, and it's more painful than it ever was.
Aging gracefully is supposed to mean trying not to hide time passing and just looking a wreck. Don't worry girls, look like a wreck, that's the way it goes.
Nostalgia is when you want things to stay the same. I know so many people staying in the same place.
As long as you don't make waves, ripples, life seems easy. But that's condemning yourself to impotence and death before you are dead.
I don't like going where I've already been. Life is a myriad of territories to discover. I don't want to waste time with what I already know.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
If you want to live your life through to the end, you have to live dangerously.
When I'm acting, I'm two beings. There's the one monitoring the distance between myself and the camera, making sure I hit my marks, and there is the one driven by this inner fire, this delicious fear.
All those vitamins aren't to keep death at bay, they're to keep deterioration at bay.
When you live under the power of terror and segregation, you can't ever start a work of art.
The life you had is nothing. It is the life you have that is important.
Every night I go over what I did in the day, in ethical or moral terms. Have I treated people properly? Did I tell the truth?
Life is given to you like a flat piece of land and everything has to be done. I hope that when I am finished, my piece of land will be a beautiful garden, so there is a lot of work.
All fiction becomes autobiographical when the author has true talent.
Although for some people cinema means something superficial and glamorous, it is something else. I think it is the mirror of the world.
When Tony was madly in love with me, his relationship with Vanessa Redgrave was ending.
You should not separate your life from what you do.
Success is like a liberation or the first phrase of a love story.
Some people are addicts. If they don't act, they don't exist.
I don't think success is harmful, as so many people say. Rather, I believe it indispensable to talent, if for nothing else than to increase the talent.
Women will not talk about football unless one of them is in love with a football player, and then suddenly you discover that they know everything that is to be known about it.
I am a woman with absolutely no sense of nostalgia.
Making films is no longer a way of acting, it is a way of life.
We have so many words for states of the mind, and so few for states of the body.
My life is very exciting now.
Living is risking.
People's opinions don't interfere with me. Ageing gracefully is supposed to mean trying not to hide time passing and just looking a wreck. That's what they call ageing gracefully. You know?
If you're extremely, painfully frightened of age, it shows.
I've never worried about age.
To me age is a number, just a number. Who cares?
Life doesn't end at 30.
Usually when a woman is 60, it's over.
I have no doubt who I am.
