American,Actress
I'm just taking care of myself: Eating less, exercising more, drinking a lot of coconut water.
I worked as a secretary, a waitress and a dance teacher - all in high school.
I think with any sort of rejection, you're angry that you weren't enough for that person.
I just want to love and be loved.
It's never too late to take your heart health seriously and make it a priority.
The craziest thing I did to get a guy to notice me was going out with his best friend. It worked - he did notice me - but I don't recommend it.
I know I have the ability to do so much more than just stand in front of the camera the rest of my life.
I cook every day. If I don't cook, they don't eat. Who's going to do it? I'm their mother!
I still enjoy acting. I love the moment in front of the camera, but it's all the other moments that I don't enjoy. The 'business' aspect of it, the gossip. I really dislike about 99% of what I do, but I like that 1% when I'm on camera.
We just moved out of L.A. because I didn't want to be raising my girls in the city. They're in public school now and they're in a normal situation. We're sort of settling into that. It's just a choice.
I could have probably raised them in L.A. and they would have been great and had so many things at their fingertips and been exposed to so many things. But we travel a lot, so I don't think that moving out of town is sheltering the girls at all. Maybe protecting them a little bit more, trying to prolong their youth.
My husband and I are building a 'green' house in Santa Ynez Valley. We bought 15 acres and we're going to build a house that's green from the ground up.
When I turned 30, due to my father's heart history and my family genetics, I vowed to start seeing a cardiologist every year and just really be proactive and take my own heart health into my own hands.
They told me that I had a leaky valve, which is something that is certainly not life-threatening. It's common and it's something that had I not known about it, would I have lived? Sure. But it's something that I think is important to know, especially as I get older and given that I have heart disease in my family.
My dad's passion was to teach adults to read so they could read to their kids.
I like being a woman and having a womanly body.
I was an excellent student before I left school. But I graduated early so that I could work longer hours on '90210.'
In high school, I was kind of a loner because I had moved to a new school.
I don't think there's a hobby that I haven't tried on.
My biggest regret is putting my body through fad diets - Atkins, cleanses, the hCG diet.
Sitting around on the couch eating Pringles all day is not going to help anyone.
I react emotionally to everything!
I have to pick myself up every day and say, 'The show must go on,' meaning life as I know it must go on, whatever the obstacle is, I know I can handle it, and I can get through it.
I have a strong constitution.
My passion is about motivating as many families as possible to learn about vegetables and healthy eating together.
With the chronic obesity in America, it's more important than ever to not only feed kids healthy foods but to teach them how to make healthy choices on their own.
