American,Actress
Cleaning is my favorite way to relax. I clear things out and get rid of the stuff I don't need. When the food pantry and the refrigerator are organized, I feel less stressed.
I discovered what is and isn't important to me. I decided I really wanted to enjoy life with someone fun, who can make the best out of any situation - whatever it is we're doing.
A great pickup line is one I don't even notice. It has me connecting with you, laughing, having a good time. And that definitely gets my attention.
I really do see the good in people, and I don't want to change that. That's really how I view things, so sometimes I'll look past a lot of huge red flags because I see something else in someone. Then, of course, it always comes back to haunt me in the long run.
The longer I'm alive, the more I realize how little I know. Pretending that you know everything about every topic, and being very vocal about it? That's an instant turnoff.
I drink coconut water before my workouts. It has just the right amount of calories and electrolytes to get me going. My body has actually started craving it.
I love acting because you don't have to do the same thing over and over again, every day, and that's what attracted me to wanting to do this for a living. So to be given an opportunity to create something completely different and live that out is the dream. It's incredibly rewarding.
'House' was such a special part of my life.
I get my highlights touched up with Susan Henry at Shades in Beverly Hills. She developed hypo-allergenic hair color products with no ammonia because she's allergic to others; she's an incredible colorist. She does balayage instead of the foils, and I'll go and she will do my entire head of highlights in an hour.
I'm trying to incorporate colour into my life. Until recently, everything in my closet was black, white, grey, navy or olive.
In life, there are those relationships where you really love someone, but they're just not right for you and there's a little bittersweet feel to it.
If someone's lying about something small, you don't know what else they're lying about. I'm a big girl, I can handle the truth - even if it's not good news.
I keep my diet simple by sticking to mostly fruits and vegetables all day and then having whatever I want for dinner. I end up making healthy choices, like sushi or grilled fish, because I feel so good from eating well.
I'm a sucker for giving people money on the street. I don't know if it's a good or a bad thing, but I can't help myself.
I have seven scars from having moles removed. One was a melanoma, six were precancerous. Get your moles checked!
I love In-N-Out Burgers!
I always have my passport on me, as well as two currencies.
I feel like a Mac store! I have a Canadian iPhone, an American iPhone and an iPad. I'm constantly downloading music to iTunes.
Unite has a great dry shampoo called 7Seconds. After a hot yoga class, when I'm super sweaty I spray this on and my hair comes back to life. Miraculous!
I adore Smashbox lip stains. I carry a natural color for daytime and a berry shade for going out at night.
I like when a guy wears a T-shirt, and you can see a little curve of the muscle sticking out. That's sexy!
We're in a time now where technology is such that we can create anything, and that's what's new about television and film these days.
I would have to say that working on 'Warrior' felt more like working on a play than any other film I've ever done.
For me, in general, it's always about the material. Obviously, it's about the material and hoping that someone wants to hire me for a job, too, but I've certainly seen films like 'Orphan' and movies like that where I know that if I had had the opportunity to read that script or had an opportunity to do it, I would have wanted to do it.
I don't know if there is anyone who wouldn't want to play some kind of superhero. I don't know if the world is getting sick of superhero movies or not, but I think you will endlessly have actors who are intrigued by the idea of playing a superhero.
Jamie Dornan is one of those guys who has no idea how gorgeous he is. He's crazy in love with his girlfriend and a crazy talent and a great singer and a great actor; just a lovely, lovely human being. It kind of makes you want to throw up a bit, but in all the right ways!
