American,Actress
There is a very large chunk of our population who firmly believe in extraterrestrials.
I'm not real impressed with the Star Trek weaponry, I gotta be honest.
I'm not so widely known that I'm going to be pigeonholed.
I've loved the escapism of being another person, slipping into another character for a little while.
I get to pretend I'm flying into space, and hang out with my friends. That's what I do for a living.
I had never seen much of Star Trek, or any other science fiction, before I was cast. But Seven's wonderful.
I have a lot of fun with guns, especially the M-16, but my favourite is my little .22. It fits nicely in the palm of your hand. I do limit myself to blanks.
I have no specific ideas in mind of what I will or won't do; it's all about the roles.
I loved working with Eric Close and J T Walsh.
I started by looking everything up in a Star Trek dictionary so I knew what I was talking about, but you can't do that because they talk in circles, and half of it doesn't make sense, so you'll just end up driving yourself more insane.
I think the more stressful our times get, the more we look for fantasy escapes.
I was always a fan of horror films as a kid.
I was raised all over. Kansas, Hawaii, Georgia, Texas and Kentucky, by the time I was 11.
I would defy people to find a more beautifully developed character than Seven of Nine.
I'm not seeking out genre films, but this just came my way, and Miramax was good enough to add a role for me because we wanted the chance to work together.
I've always wanted to do this, so it really is a dream come true.
It doesn't bother me that Seven has such an overtly sexual presence, because she has no concept of what effect that physical package would have on some male member of the crew. That's what's fun, her innocence.
It might be arrogant to think that we're the only living creations in all of the solar systems that there are. Space is so vast.
It was really a pleasure to play someone who's literally pushed past her breaking point repeatedly.
It's supposed to be entertainment. It's not supposed to be a documentary.
My background has been very helpful for this experience. But everyone was so accommodating because they knew it's not the most comfortable position to be the new kid.
My husband is someone who's in the real world. It's a big help that I don't have both feet in Hollywood.
My husband travels a lot with his job, so we have a lot of frequent flyer miles so we can hop on a plane with no notice. That's a nice luxury and he is very supportive.
That's what makes a character interesting from an actor's perspective - the more screwed up, the better.
The costume that I wear on the show is a little snug and doesn't leave a whole lot to the imagination. I don't have a problem with it because of the way this character's been written.
The entire season, the show had never been aired for more than three weeks. You can't get an audience that way. They would never promo the show for the next week.
