American,Actress
Listen, the obvious thing to remember is without dark, there is no light, and without light, there is no dark.
A lunch date is more fun than a dinner date; you're not tired. It's a secret that not a lot of other parents told me about.
I don't know if it's ever OK for someone to be selfish. Perhaps there's a time and place to be self-centered, but I think selfish never wins the race.
The end of anything is not fun because there's a nostalgia to it and everything else. Even the end of a bad relationship can feel so, so, so sad.
I love what I do and I think it shows. As my kids get older, they can see me as a mom who loves working.
Maternal health remains a staggering challenge, particularly in the developing world. Globally, a woman dies from complications in childbirth every minute.
Infidelity is horrible - there's nothing worse than that; it's devastating.
I think you can do something bad, and it doesn't make you a bad person. We are not defined by any one choice. We are the sum of our experiences, and we can make a bad choice and turn around and do better.
I don't have slim children. I have hearty ones.
I do think that with any kind of infidelity, on some level - unless you're dealing with a sociopath - there's always a reason.
As cute as baby clothes are... I try to buy less.
My heart gets very tender when it comes to playing someone who has wronged someone else. I almost feel like it's easier for me to play having been wronged than it is to actually feel like you had an active part in hurting someone.
There are all kinds of sexualities. There are all kinds of ways that people express their sexuality.
As an actor, you wouldn't be able to play a character if you were worried about the reaction to what you're doing.
It's never bad to be liked, and who doesn't feel good being liked, but that can't be your end game goal.
I am a very hopeful person.
I love the surprise element of being a mom.
The only thing I never have unless I'm pregnant is heartburn.
My husband always smells good to me.
I'm very active when I'm not pregnant, but I think fitness should be a natural part of your life, not something you have to force yourself to do.
I love to wear dresses when I'm pregnant.
I'm a Midwesterner! Not being able to have a cheeseburger once in a while would be torture!
Ingredients should not read like a chemistry experiment!
To be honest, makeup is a big part of what I do for a living.
I use only essential oils for perfumes.
My musical taste is like a 16-year-old girl's when it comes to working out - Rihanna, Black Eyed Peas, Miley Cyrus. I love it all!
