Canadian,Actress
My natural gravitation is toward the gray and the black and the white and the burgundy. Sort of muted, cool colors.
I know that I'm a decent actor, but it's another thing to be in a scene with Jon Hamm and hold your own.
I have an enormous family because I'm from Montreal and my family's Catholic, so my dad has eight siblings and they all have kids and we all grew up in the same property on weekends and summers.
I went through a whole phase when I was younger of being obsessed with Tolstoy and Kafka and Camus, all those really, beautiful, dark depressing books.
One of my most exciting Saturday nights was just me and a bottle of wine and a crochet book.
I didn't want to have braces when I was a kid and I'm pretty sure my dad didn't want to pay for them.
I like to sing around the bonfire, in my car and in the shower.
I drive past the Mad Men billboard every day and I can't believe I'm on that show.
I did play Jesus in 'Godspell,' in high school, because I guess I'm a nerd.
And, of course, all of my friends and family are so excited because they feel like Montreal is being represented on Mad Men.
At the time I just was like, I can't believe I am on the show, and the first thing I have to do is an entire song and dance routine for the whole cast of 'Mad Men.'
I'm thinking of putting together an all-star band. I definitely have a bit of a rock fantasy.
Believe me, when I finish shooting 'Mad Men,' there's a huge chunk of time where I have a really hard time leaving my house without fake lashes on. Which is a complex because I'm not very good at applying fake lashes.
I love Jon Hamm. I'm so lucky to get to work with him and work so closely with him.
I'm not an '80s fan. I'm more '70s New York pre-punk kind of thing, and I guess I grew up with '90s grunge, post-punk pop music.
I do get scared of the dentist, so a drive-through dentist might make me feel more at home. If I got to stay in my car.
I used to listen to the soundtrack for the movie 'Tank Girl' all the time. It was really good.
My parents made me finish high school before I started acting, and I did, like, two weeks of fine arts college before I was like, 'This sucks. I'm going!' I got a few small jobs, and then I booked a big-for-Canada feature.
I think I've always been ambitious. It just looks different on me. You know, I have friends who are actresses who go to every party they possibly can to be photographed and really try to make every connection they can, and I admire that and sometimes I wish I had a little bit more of that. Sometimes I feel like I don't have enough ambition.
I was a drama-class nerd. I did whatever school production we put on.
I think I approach my choices much the way I approach the way I consume movies and TV and stuff. I like everything, and sometimes I'll feel like a horror movie, and sometimes I'll just feel like an episode of 'Hoarders.'
Working on 'Mad Men,' everything is word for word. And, honestly, I couldn't come up with anything better than that, so it's fine.
I would like to explore comedy more. It's not something that I've done a lot of. Obviously, I'm very at home in drama. I like everything.
An actor will use every piece of information at their disposal, or a good actor will.
I can cry all day long - that's easy for me.
I'm a huge Marlene Dietrich fan. She's got this raunchy kind of strength. It would be hard to find a man who could come up with something hard for her to handle. She's seen it all and done it all.
