English,Actress
I absolutely adore Alessandra Rich, I think her dresses are stunning and she really knows how to cut and dress the female shape. Her stuff is really beautiful, stylish and a little bit quirky. I love it all!
I shout at the radio when someone starts talking over the end of a song. Shut up! I don't want to hear that the DJ has just found a mouldy sandwich in the corner of the studio. Nor do I like it when the magic of something you're watching is shattered by an advert for Argos.
I am a hopeless romantic.
I remember stealing some pic n' mix when I was seven; when I got out of the shop, I burst into tears.
My style icons would be people like Brigitte Bardot and old Hollywood actresses who always look so stunning, cool and chic. I like classic and timeless looks.
I trained as a ballet dancer and fell in love with Rudolf Nureyev; I thought him the most beautiful creature. My mum had to break it to me that not only was he gay, but he was dead.
Ever since I was young, I've read Austen and the Brontes. My friends laugh, but those books are always so tragic and wonderful - those stories, they're just incredible.
You don't automatically assume everyone will fall for a period drama.
I've been told I make a very good brew.
I love when people become obsessed with 'Downton.'
I've got four piercings in my left, so we've dubbed my right one the 'period drama ear.' I have to be filmed from that side when I do emotional close-ups in 'Downton.'
The first episodes I actually read for 'Downton,' Sybil was really intimidated and hadn't come into her own. So it's only in Series Two that she's become so headstrong. In general, I find it exciting to play strong, female roles because they're shocking.
I like to accessorise shirts with a little ribbon tied round my collar or a country style ascot. I've also sewed little hearts on some of my sleeves which I've done for years because I always wear my heart on my sleeve so if you see a little embroidered heart on my clothes, that's why!
I've read my grandmother's memoirs and she served as a nurse during World War II. What they had to do was incredible.
I don't know if I'm so righteous.
Sometimes when a scene is written or directed to be shouted or played incredibly angrily, I always think it's way more terrifying when someone is fuming and talks in a very calm way. I always want people to shout at me if they're angry - it freaks me out that whole thing of, 'I'm not angry I'm just disappointed.'
Everything you listen to when you are 17 should be embarrassing, otherwise you are way too cool.
I just really think every job I do, I get this gypsy attitude to money.
I don't mind giving everyone a shock - including myself.
Unfortunately I had an ankle problem and underwent three operations.
I trained as a ballet dancer - well, I started when I was two and a half, and was serious about it from when I was eight until I was 18.
There's a reason hobble skirts are called hobble skirts. You literally can't move very far in them.
The thing I adore about acting is that it's not me: you get to experience all these emotions, but essentially it's not you.
I have endless playlists on my iPod so will throw on, say, Bruce Springsteen or The Smiths, depending on what kind of day I'm going to have.
I filmed 'Albatross' before I got 'Downton.' It's a coming-of-age movie about this girl who leaps into this family's life, like a whirlwind. She's ballsy and brash and wonderful, it was such an amazing character to play.
I'm really into strong, female roles - but they don't have to necessarily be loud - I'm just as interested in introverts too.
