English,Actress
In true-life dramas, you have to do so much research. It's a big responsibility to make sure things are as correct as possible. In 'Robin Hood', you have more artistic license - it's all action, adventure and reaction. This gives everyone a chance to make their characters their own and to make them believable.
My agent asked if I fancied Robin Hood and I thought: 'Yeah, why not?' I hadn't watched it, to be honest, but I'd seen bits and knew it was really popular Saturday family viewing with heaps of action. I thought it would be great fun. I was up for a good old play-fighting and the scripts were terrifically exciting.
I've rarely played glamorous roles. I don't mind looking plain on camera.
I'm happy with the way I look but I'm not Hollywood beautiful.
I grew up on a farm - it was a lovely life; we'd make tree houses all day - and my parents worked from home.
I think I can be relatively attractive when I dress up, but I'm not Julia Roberts or Catherine Zeta Jones.
I really enjoy dressing up. I'm pretty much a girlie girl.
I love heels! I especially like heels by Nicholas Kirkwood, Jimmy Choo and Moschino.
As I get older, my skin shows more of how I am feeling, like a mirror. If I am stressed, or not getting enough sleep, I see it in my face right away.
I have to admit, I go through phases of being good and bad. When I'm being good, I go to the gym three to four times a week. I do much better in a class with other people. I like aerobics and circuit training.
As an actor, or as a person, I like to do things that are challenging.
I always play girls who are quite traumatised, or a plain girl, but I'm happy with that.
Fashion does seem to have a '20s comeback every few seasons, and I completely see why. It's a very feminine look: the fabrics and the shapes are very pretty and distinctive.
When something is dramatized, it provokes a much more emotive response than just hearing a story on the news.
If you can do something great in 60 seconds, you can do anything, really.
People recognise me when I'm holiday on the beach.
I do Facebook, but I only have my friends and family on it, and they always laugh at me for how little I post. I don't know how to upload photos, so I never add pictures.
I want the chance to play very different characters, and I've always wanted to do more films.
It's not that anything has changed about me, and, it's a cliche, but I think that as you get older, you learn to accept who you are, and you feel more comfortable in your own skin.
There's an interesting mix to 'Robin Hood' because it's kind of modern but medieval. There is a blend of adventure with a very modern feel.
I like 'X Factor' as much as the next person, but I do get overwhelmed with the amount of reality TV. It's such cheap programming and such a load of rubbish, most of it.
My mum said she remembers me asking her if she'd take me to ballet lessons when I was about two and a half. She said I could barely speak, and yet was asking for ballet lessons.
I was neurotic and weird from an early age.
My dad had a flock of sheep, which he used to milk, and then my mum used to make cheese and yogurt out of the sheep's milk and sell it. It was kind of an unusual upbringing, really.
It's very kind of 'Wuthering Heights' where my parents' house is, moors and deserted. It's very wild and mystic.
'Coronation Street' was my first job, Zoe was a controversial character, and I wasn't used to everyone looking at me.
