English,Actress
Anything that we can do to improve the lives of elderly people is welcome so far as I am concerned.
In the theatre you can change things ever so slightly; it's an organic thing. Whereas in film you only have that chance on the day, and you have no control over it at all.
It is not good to cross the bridge before you get to it.
I don't think anybody can be told how to act. I think you can give advice. But you have to find your own way through it.
I was in Yorkshire. We were a family of five and I used to be sent sometimes to get the rations for the week and I was easily able to carry them back. It was like one egg and a tiny bit of tea.
Since Michael died I think I've worked constantly. Friends and colleagues are very sustaining. They're the people who get you through it... It's no good to be on your own.
I would hate people to think bossy is all I can do.
Frankly, I never had any intense desire to go to India. I know that sounds a bit strange, but it just never was someplace I had a burning desire to visit.
I have no control over a film. I don't know what will be left on the cutting floor.
I think you should take your job seriously, but not yourself - that is the best combination.
Because, you know, I can't work a bicycle pump.
I've figured out what to do so far, but it's always the next thing you come to where the man with the bucket of ice cold water is waiting - whoosh! in your face. That's why you work with directors who know what to tell you to do.
Michael died five years ago this January, and the first thing that really struck me about the script was the part about her peeling off from the funeral and just getting into a rowboat and having a real kind of cry where nobody was.
I wanted to be a set designer when I was young.
And then it was working with Bob Hoskins, who I had never worked with before - except radio. It was like being given a wonderful meal - full of the things you love most.
I just feel incredibly lucky to be employed when there are so many actors and actresses who are not employed. That's why, you know, I sometimes feel desperate, in case I'm not going to be cast again.
I love being part of a company, and telling a story.
I think you've got to have your feet planted firmly on the ground, especially in this business, and you must not believe things that are said or written about you, because everything gets out of proportion one way or the other.
I trained as a designer, so I'm always terribly keen about what I'm going to look like.
I work out the other bits, too, but I need to know what I look like, very early on. And then it's like a template; I'll fill that person out. If I get that out of the way, then I'm all right.
I would like to work with Jack Nicholson, before it's too late.
In contrast, the control you have in a theatre is very attractive to me.
It actually was a complete departure having a woman playing M. I didn't realize at the time that it would be so noticed.
It is true that there are few plays of Shakespeare that I haven't done.
It was good to learn so early. They're not going to be kind to you. You have to do it and get on, and then gulp down and get better.
My husband was actually very keen that I would become a Bond girl.
