American,Actress
You know, gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender - people are people.
Bigotry or prejudice in any form is more than a problem; it is a deep-seated evil within our society.
The more we can purge ourselves of the diseases we create the more we can become magnificent people.
My weight went up and down like a yo-yo.
You have to find the peace and patience within yourself to be a model and an example to others and not judge.
You really have to listen to yourself and know if what someone is saying is true for you.
Women don't realize how powerful they are.
People can only do what they are ready to do when they are ready to do it.
I was different and people made fun of me.
I know what it feels like to be an outsider.
When I became of service to other people I stopped worrying about my weight so much.
I couldn't care less if someone is gay or straight.
Somewhere we turn ourselves into victims instead of being the powerful women we really are meant to be.
Exactly Straight women who surround themselves only with gay men or white people who refuse any other race into their circles are unhealthy and it has more to do with one's individual fear and individual closets.
We all have our own closets to come out of.
The gay community just recognizes what their closets are and we straight have to spend years trying to figure out which closet we are trapped in.
I got into theatre very early, so yes I was surrounded by gay people quite early and frequently.
I wish we lived in a society that made it safe and provided the courage for everyone to come out.
I've always felt that celebrity was wonderful for a lot of the perks that it could give you.
But celebrity really doesn't mean anything unless you use it for finding some way to give back and I've always felt that way.
To me, celebrity doesn't mean a whole lot unless you're willing to use it. So I wanted to use it in a different way, with my AIDS work, the human rights stuff for the gay and lesbian community and the speaking I do.
It makes me so angry - there's enough food in the world but people are starving. It's all political.
It frustrates me about myself when I see I'm not taking the road that demands more of me.
Yet I've discovered that how I look is not a function of anything as ephemeral as my hair.
I learned so much from Tony Danza I learned so much about myself.
The message of transformation and how we all can live from our heart, not just from our head, was a very important message for me to learn in my own life.
