American,Actress
I'm so not stylish by nature, but I've learned to work with what I have.
I don't always run in the mornings, but I am definitely better if I run in the mornings.
It's a war of attrition. If you have patience and a modicum of faith in yourself your chances are not too bad.
Sometimes good enough is good enough.
I've had a little bad, bad media luck the new year. Well, apparently I'm dating Bill Clinton, which makes me nervous. I didn't know, though.
I'm on a strict gossip diet. No gossip websites, no gossip magazines. Otherwise, I find it paralyzing to exist.
I grew up playing field hockey and lacrosse - prep school sport - and I was terrible at them.
As I have gotten older, I've discovered the joys of being lazy.
I met Clinton at a benefit for teachers, which was a very good charity, but I met him for about 90 seconds, and I thought it was important to meet the leader of the free world. So I stood next to him for a photograph, and then apparently that's all it takes.
I haven't really had that many opportunities to play 'lead' so I guess I jumped at the chance. I have also never done any 'sci-fi' projects and thought it might be fun.
I guess I'm not that aware of such a big fan base. I have a few core people who write me no matter what I'm doing, but I hardly have sacks of mail being dropped on my door!
I've loved doing 'E.R.' for the quality of the writing and the great people I get to work with.
I play a scientist in a futuristic world in which 99% of the men have been wiped out. As a result, the women are nearly all homosexuals and the children are cloned.
I suffer the terrible disease of low self-esteem.
I have a big mouth.
I'm incredibly lucky.
It was harder to get my driver's license than to get pregnant and give birth.
People always tell me I have a lot of guy energy.
I'm less comfortable in stilettos than I am in running shoes.
Women in Hollywood are tiny, but women in soap operas are the tiniest people alive!
I had many decades of me time and now I just don't have that anymore. There are days when I rail against it.
Baltimore is a great place.
My parents had an old-fashioned ideal of college, that four years at a liberal arts college should be a liberal arts education.
People are so easily impressed by running, but I run pretty frequently.
Running was the first thing I discovered that I was any good at.
I consider a day without running a crappy day.
