American,Actress
You really have to work hard and apply yourself and by applying yourself and working hard and being diligent, you can achieve success.
The meaning of life... I think the meaning of life is, I think it's love.
Everyone else trains just as hard as well and that there really is no such a thing as overnight success.
I loved playing Darla.
I trained 8 hours a day 7 seven days a week and I had 2 weeks off in a year.
I don't think as big and as creative as Joss.
If you're offered something, you're not really sure exactly what is that they saw in you that they think is the character so it's a little scary, I feel.
Um, and I'm also very proud of my work on George of the Jungle 2.
I really take pride in the relationship that I have with my husband.
To us marriage is first, everything else is second.
Cause at the end of the day, honestly, at the end of the day when you're in your death bed and that's it, I think it's the relationships you've had and the people that you've touched and the people that have touched you that matter.
But I never worked with a northern horse before. They are very different from western horses.
During the rehearsal process I got thrown off the horse.
There were a couple of years where I was skating and acting at the same time.
I think for me it was a natural transition to move full time into acting rather than figure skating.
I would love to re-visit Darla. I miss her. I really do.
You don't realize how much a part of your character is part of yourself until you are no longer playing that character.
I think Sarah Michelle Gellar has done some brilliant work as Buffy.
That's a hard question, because I started skating when I was three, so I don't really remember life before it, and I don't know what it is like not to work hard at something.
Oh, well, in Los Angeles everybody is an actor, or a producer, or a writer, or a director, or an agent, or... So everybody understands the hours.
When I first started I was always known as The Girl on the Sitcom with the Funny Voice.
And I'm not very coordinated, either. Only on ice skates, not in real life.
I actually started, this year, doing some voiceovers. I did some radio spots, and some games.
It's funny, I get really nervous when I audition for voiceovers.
I only knew basic western trail riding. Nothing fancy.
