American,Actress
Before computers, telephone lines and television connect us, we all share the same air, the same oceans, the same mountains and rivers. We are all equally responsible for protecting them.
If you feel rooted in your home and family, if you're active in your community, there's nothing more empowering. The best way to make a difference in the world is to start by making a difference in your own life.
New York is nice, but I don't like it as much as I used to.
I'm particularly fortunate to be in a position where I can bring my child to work and be able to get good child care. Not a lot of women have that.
I have no agenda except to be funny. Neither I or the writers profess to offer any worldly wisdom.
I guess if I wrote a book one day, it would be about hair.
As an actress, it appeals to me because I love the idea of playing those in-between moments, the sort of behavioral stuff that one might not normally see.
I walk around feeling a sort of existential guilt all the time; and honestly for me this house is a way of feeling less guilty about the universe.
It's much more acceptable for men to work and father kids. There's an inherent inequality, because we want to do it all, and I don't know how we can do this all.
It is, I think, harder for women. I haven't quite figured it out, and all of my women friends haven't figured it out -how the hell do you do this? How do you work and have families?
I really do like to work. I will work again. But on my terms.
There's a pressure regardless of that to do a good show.
My goal is, of course, for this show to do well, and I would love it if people liked it.
Elaine is just in pain. I think Elaine has become very, very sad woman. She is someone who is in deep need of many hours of analysis and I like to think that I'm not that type of person.
The fact of the matter is that everybody treats me pretty much as one of the boys, which I take as a great compliment.
The Seinfeld motto: No learning, no hugging.
Everybody seems to know me. It's very strange.
Some people can sometimes really invade your space and kind of never leave you alone.
When I got pregnant my foot grew, but I was denying it. I've been denying it for three years.
I've actually considered going with my married name, Julia Hall, but all the paperwork.
The schedule of doing a live TV show every week is very difficult.
Making a movie is a long, dull process. There's a lot of waiting around.
Doing a half-hour TV show is a dream.
And Seinfeld is so quick: we crank out one show a week, and the hours are very reasonable.
L.A. I could live without.
I always wanted to perform.
