British,Actress
I keep seeing myself in my daughter, and I see my mother in me and in her. Bloody hell.
My grandmother lived with us for a short time while I was a child. Old people tend to be slightly more eccentric - they can behave the way they want.
I'm too young at 50. I'm not grown up yet. There's part of everybody like that.
Debate is so much better than denial.
It's getting better generally, daily, especially in TV, for women in acting; and age and looks count less. As more women come into the business. Change of any sort takes a long time to happen.
I always loved my mother, felt loved, but she was judgmental. Her father in Ireland didn't approve of women generally, and she took on his values. She believed her own mother was foolish.
We have to take risks with art. If we don't, it all becomes a bit boring.
In order to be creative you have to be allowed to fail.
I can understand why people get annoyed at being remembered for one thing, but a lot of actors aren't remembered for anything. I don't mind that.
I was asked about doing a nude shoot for men's magazine GQ. I thought it was the funniest thing I'd ever heard.
The money isn't a lure. I've done very well out of this business.
The characters do have a life of their own; it's weird.
That's why I'm an actress - escaping into a world.
Suddenly, you are very much in the present, and you learn it's really the place where you should always live.
Stage is the most exciting. Film is lovely, because it's like a family.
Some people have a terrible stretch between family and work. It is a difficult thing to achieve.
Jane Austen was an extraordinary woman; to actually be able to survive as a novelist in those days - unmarried - was just unheard of.
It's very strong after the birth. It's extraordinary. You can't watch anything to do with kids being harmed.
It seems that when you get to a certain age you almost give yourself permission to misbehave and say what you think. People allow it, with very old people.
I'm writing a novel about two actresses who go to New York, because that's what I know about. One has lost touch with reality, disappears and is picked up by a man.
I'm more selective now I've got a family. I don't want to work all the time. My daughter's 12; I don't want to miss out on her life. Soon she'll be a teenager; she won't want me around.
I'm massively talented, and very, very beautiful in person; the public don't really realise that.
I'd love to be in another film, but they haven't asked me. I think it's a shame but the prospects of me doing another one now are remote. Please do campaign on my behalf.
I'd like to think there'll be too much of real life going on for me to want to do much acting.
I was having my teens in my 30s.
I was always someone who lived in the future all the time, it was always the next thing - dreams of escape.
I went through bits of the 60s and thought myself a bit of a hippy.
Some of the most interesting questions needing to be asked today can best be asked on television, or on stage, and they can be wonderful, great dramas, but they won't necessarily be blockbusters.
