American,Actress
I like to go dancing, have a few beers. I like being alone, too. I have days where it's 'God, get me a shot of tequila.'
When I was in my teens and 20s, I looked to older Italian and French women. They always seemed so incredibly attractive to me because of their confidence. And because their faces had evidence of age: lines, dark circles, and half-lidded eyes, it made that confidence so rebellious. And that was incredibly attractive to me.
I'm going to be in another city when my kids are teenagers. I'll be like, 'Give me a call when you're done with all that.'
They couldn't wait to get me out. My dad found my place, my mom helped me pack, and my brother was making architectural plans for my bedroom. It was just what you do at 18.
When I got 'Family Ties', I wasn't even thinking about being an actress. I thought I might become a window dresser.
I've never been interested in changing my face. I hear of those glycolic peels and the Botox and plastic surgeries, and I am just, like, 'Oh my God.' I just could never do that.
I've never liked spending a lot of time on beauty stuff. I have two eye pencils that I use, and that's it.
I'm picky about skin care because I hate perfumes or anything that says 'It will take away all the lines on your face.' I don't want to do that. But I do use Kiehl's and this skin cream called Restorsea because it makes my skin look nice and feel soft.
I think as we get older, as we get more mature and more experienced, we do realize it's like, 'blah, blah, blah,' oh there's the information I need, and then 'blah, blah, blah,' right? So we do this triage, I feel like, of what people say to us.
It seems to me so much technology could be applied to entertainment. Augmented reality, and even just the iPad - touch-screen technology, it was, you know, it still is extremely underused by entertainment.
I absolutely love '30 Rock' and 'The Office,' but I don't know how many 13-year-olds are watching that stuff.
I love having first-time experiences. When you're past the age of 20 or so, there are less and less first-time experiences.
I realized I was an anorexic, a bulimic, and a compulsive overeater.
I needed a concept of God that worked for me, and I wound up giving my life to Jesus Christ. I thought I was always going to have to wear skirts over my knees, not be able to listen to music, and have no personality. Fortunately, it's so completely opposite.
I think the most attractive people are the confident ones, regardless of their literal appearance, so I strive for that. Basically, I think you'll always be the size your body needs to be if you only eat if you are hungry. If you never eat for any other reason, you'll be just the right size for your body.
I think aging and maturing is really interesting, and it's a shame that Americans are so panicky and paranoid about it.
I see a lot of women around me who seem to stop developing as individuals after marriage and children. I don't know what kinds of pressure they're under, but I think it robs the world of 'the older version of Judy or Wendy,' or whomever. It robs the world of the next iteration of them, and I don't think that's right.
I'm consumed with tech - medical, computational, impossible tech. So, I don't know exactly what I'll wind up doing, where I'll go with all this schooling, but I'm willing that it be better than my dogmatic vision of it all.
Net Neutrality is what makes the Internet so great - and so vital for innovation and creativity.
A liberated Internet will continue to be a reality in your life (and in the lives of your children) if rules like Net Neutrality are in place.
There's an awful lot of choices in the world as far as what one can do for a living. It's best to be familiar with as many sectors of the working world as you can be so you'll be better at your creative job anyway.
If my kids were to make a talking doll of me as a mother, one of my recorded phrases would be 'I will throw that in the trash.' 'If you don't put that down right now, I will throw that in the trash.' It's very funny to hear myself say certain things - like noticing which phrases become the most popular to use.
I'd be counting calories in my head while having conversations and doing crosswords.
