American,Actress
There was a time when men thought it was sexy to have a housewife waiting for him to come home from work in her slippers, but in modern society, I think an independent woman is even more sexy.
I think sometimes when you want attention, you can wear sunglasses, and people are like, 'Who is that?'
My style is not trendy by any means; my inner artists loves to shine through in my wardrobe.
I have more of a desire to write songs about being an independent woman than being in love, songs about getting up and moving on even if I have a broken heart. 'Wanna Say' is one of the few love songs I've ever done.
I'm into Gucci a lot, like vintage '70s everything. I'm into Versace.
You make your mark by being true to who you are and letting that be your staple.
I am more vintage than I am high fashion.
I'm a smoky eye girl. I love playing with eye colors, metallics... fun stuff!
On my days off, I love denim cut off shorts with gladiator sandals and crop tops.
I love to add '90s trends mixed with modern day pieces I find along my many travels. Like these cool fun hats from Europe I have. I love to collect different ones from every country. I have them from London to Brussels.
I started off as a recording engineer and a beatmaker. I was this skater kid that would skateboard to auditions, and then I would use the money I'd make and buy a bunch of equipment and make a bunch of beats. I still am that kid, just with a little more money.
If I have an audition, I go to the audition in character. I'm in character when I walk in the room. I mean, I'm still sweet to everyone, but I'm very much the character.
You just can't afford to care that much about the negative things people say about you. You just can't!
I'd rather be hated for who I am than loved who I am not. Even if you're not accepted, at least you are still yourself.
I think that with beauty, people jump to the end instead of starting from the beginning with a good lotion or prep.
I'm an activist. I'm a proud activist. So I want to be someone who is pro-black and pro-Africa and still be somebody that has positive influence.
I have more of a desire to write songs about being an independent woman than being in love, songs about getting up and moving on even if I have a broken heart.
Anyone who knows me knows what I'm about - how much I'm into empowerment, equal rights and everyone just loving themselves.
I love outdoor winter activities like snow tubing and snowball throwing.
My experience with music, I'm not going to say extremely negative, but it's definitely been a grind; it's been grimy - it hasn't been a pretty process. It's left me crying, you know, on the carpet in my tiny apartment with, like, no money. But it's been worth it, it's my passion, my dream, it's what I love to do.
People automatically assume that because you're an actor, you're a blank canvas 24/7. But I can't wear what everyone else wears. If I went to an audition, I'd wear what the character would wear, but the moment I'm done with the audition or done filming, I go back into my high-waisteds.
I don't want to be alone at 80 years old, dripping in diamonds - having never helped anyone. That's not my path. That's not what I care about. That's not what excites me.
I completely took off my eyebrows one time for a screen test. I hadn't even gotten the role yet. So you have to have a commitment.
I think the hardest thing to do in a relationship is something for yourself.
I love being on tour; I love being on the road. It's the most amazing feeling ever. I live for it; I love it.
There's a common misconception that you don't need SPF during the grey winter months, but it's so important to protect skin from UVA/UVB rays year-round.
When you get bullied, you automatically think that you're the reason why you're getting bullied. The reality is, it's about them, not you... I'm all about blocking people. I'm all about saying, 'You know what, I don't need this in my life.'
I hope to do multiple characters throughout my life that are separate from me. I think it's a cop-out if you play yourself in everything.
My first audition as a little girl was 'Interview with the Vampire' for Kirsten Dunst's part. Back then, they were meeting all different kinds of girls, and I was one of them. There's got to be an audition tape somewhere on VHS. Who would have known that many years later I would be on a vampire show?
'Blade' was amazing; I can't imagine the character without Wesley Snipes. He just made a long, black leather trench coat look so cool.
I'm not somebody who's emotionally attached to an outcome of a character that I'm hired to play. The fans are.
It's important for me to just be myself - in fashion. A lot of people overlook that side of me because they're scared of it, but that's just who I am.
I think it's important to have your own individual style and sense of self. It's kind of what I do.
I don't really have a main source for my style inspiration. It's really about however I feel about myself at the moment.
I've been doing acting since I was 6 years old, and I don't know how to do anything besides act and sing. Back in the day, you had to do it all - you had to sing, dance, and act. I'm from the old school where that is what I was trained to do, and that's what I am expected to do, so it's weird when people ask me to choose.
The hardest thing as somebody who does both is - and I'm very serious as an actor, and I consider myself very serious as a musician, engineer, music artist - is learning that it's OK to be versatile.
I'm really into kind of finding different masculine pieces and making them feminine. Like cool oxfords.
I like different statement jewelry, especially around the ears.
Take chances, find your voice in fashion, and find what you like, and find what makes you feel good, and do that.
Sometimes fashion designers will be like, 'This is what's hot right now, and you will be cool if you wear this,' but sometimes it's too expensive or doesn't look good on me or isn't who I am, and I don't need to just think that what you're saying is what's cool if I have my own identity.
Sometimes what I think what the news is missing is the human element, the connection - the moment that you look into a little girl's eyes or a father who has just left his family and risked everything just to try and survive.
Listen, I'm not a politician. I'm not a news reporter. I make music, and I act.
I'm hoping I'll eventually get to be a beauty blogger myself because I do my own makeup, and I have for years.
I think magazines and interviews make celebrities into this bigger-than-life thing, but I've gotten bullied over trying different things with my makeup.
I found my style and how I like to do makeup from trying and failing and trying and failing again, and unfortunately, I had to do it publicly to figure it out.
I'd say when it comes to being who you are, just don't be afraid to try things.
I only write in blue ink.
If you don't feel clean, it affects everything you do; you can't even focus right.
Even if you throw your hair up in a quick topknot or ponytail, you can add instant polish by wearing a headband or bejeweled barrette.
I love sparkly eyes for the holidays, especially New Year's Eve.
I was raised in Hollywood by my mother.
Make your life about you, and once you build up yourself first, then you can focus on boys.
It's important to keep your power and not give it up.
If a boy messes up, you walk away. If a boy isn't treating you right, you walk away. It sounds simpler than it is, but you can't allow yourself to be disrespected. You have to be a strong girl.
I'm more of a tough girl, and I'm attracted to things that reflect that in my perfumes. That means sandalwood, musk, amber, and vanilla notes.
I follow so many beauty bloggers on Instagram.
I like darker, mysterious scents and things that reflect my personality.
When you're an entertainer, it's hard not to compare yourself with the next person's success. But you have to trust your own journey and your strengths and believe in yourself. I think that's the best place to start.
I don't feel like I necessarily juggle. I just feel like I'm focusing on being a singer/actor. That's what I am, and it's what I do.
I feel like I can't be sick without some story being made up or some photos being sold a month later.
When you're changing your diet, or you're becoming a vegan, your system will become a bit more sensitive, and you just have to deal with it.
I'm a human being, and I get sick.
I don't have the kind of style that I feel like would serve any and everyone.
I get a lot of backlash for wearing designers that I feel are creators and artists. I get it all the time.
I love anything that makes you feel empowered. I'm 'bout that - you can't be scared.
I just don't stop working.
I'm still dreaming to be the next Missy Elliott.
I love a cool bralette paired with a high-waisted jean, maybe with Chanel suspenders and a good platform shoe.
Live performances always feel like such a moment with all of the costumes and theatrics.
I just wanna be a good artist.
I just want to make sure that I'm taking roles that are positive, real, honest reflections of African-Americans because I do think the media can put African-American women in the background. Then, unfortunately, what happens is, subconsciously, our culture begins to assess that as reality.
You have to be very careful with the art you create and you put out.
If you're a boxer, you have your trainer. As an actor, I have Ivana Chubbuck. She's my teacher as an actress and in this crazy thing called life.
When I see other working actresses that are brown, I get so excited. I get so excited when I see Zoe Kravitz, Janelle Monae, Taraji P. Henson, Ava Duvernay, and all these beautiful women working.
There's not enough black films out there. There's not enough Latin films, or films that have an Asian, Indian or Middle Eastern lead. The list goes on and on.
All the great artists had their dark sides. Look at Amy Winehouse or anyone who has achieved a certain level of success. Even Adele, and the people that you wouldn't put in the same category as a gangster rapper. These women have exposed their vulnerabilities, demons, and things that have hurt them.
Tupac has always been somebody who represented a higher consciousness of what it means on both sides of the coin to be black in America. He and Prince were leaders who moved to the beat of their own drum, and I can only hope to follow in their footsteps.
I'm somebody who doesn't believe in conforming to maybe whatever is on the radio.
I'm still somebody that listens to a lot of James Brown, a lot of The O'Jays, a lot of TLC... in that era, producers had more musicianship.
Work always comes first as an actor.
I think a lot of young girls see actresses, and they think of red carpets, and they think of 'Us Weekly,' and they don't really think about the breaking down of a script and what that requires and what you would need to pull it off.
I learned that it's OK to be stubborn about your craft, and it's OK to demand excellence from the industry.
I'm like, 'Why aren't artists owning their masters? Why are labels robbing artists dry, and they have to spend all this time on tour to even break even?' Like, what happened? Why are they promoting things that aren't either socially conscious or elevating the human consciousness?
I want to be someone who is a great representation of a black woman in Hollywood, a black woman in the entertainment industry.
Before 'The Vampire Diaries,' I was making beats, which is how I got will.i.am's attention, and I went on tour with him.
'Roxbury Drive' was the street I grew up on as a little kid, and it was the street that I first listened to records on, and where I actually really first fell in love with music.
I think Sephora is great; it's so accessible, and there are so many different palettes that you can get.
MAC Cosmetics is incredible for lips; I always wear it.
It's so important to get your skin to look even, whether it's with a MAC Cosmetics glow, a Laura Mercier tinted moisturizer, or even just a solid foundation. Start off with a good prep and a good primer.
When I first started performing, the only community that truly got what I was trying to do was the LGBTQ community.
When I moved to Atlanta, I felt like an outsider - away from my friends and family except for the LGBTQ community.
I think with girlfriends, you always want your girlfriends to make the decisions for themselves, not based on a boy, not based on anything other than, 'Is this what you want?' Is this you know what you want to do?' And that's real support to me.
I'm somebody who listens to a lot of funk, a lot of James Brown, and I want to be somebody who contributes all that energy to the mainstream.
I have to hear more live instrumentation, more band and more funk, and I don't hear enough of it, so I created it myself.
There's not one day that goes by that I'm not listening to one of my songs or in rehearsal for one of my songs or dancing to one of my songs.
I wanted to be the first female, young teenager producer, and it didn't happen. And when it finally did happen, I was shelved because I was signed to Warner Bros.
I can't understand artists that don't want to perform and, like, get on stage and do their songs for all their fans every night.
I would really love to collaborate with Gwen Stefani and M.I.A.; artists that kind of make sense with me vocally. And in terms of style, I'm a very visual artist. I really love Pharell. I love people that really care about drums, and I like beat-heavy.
When people start to think they're figuring out 'The Vampire Diaries,' it switches on you.
Will Smith is one of my favorite actors, and he's also a triple threat. He successfully crossed over from music into acting.
I like that the 'Underworld' series created a whole other world that's totally different yet familiar to our own.
When people are like, 'What do you think of this vampire craze?' - well, I don't really feel like it ever ended, personally, 'cause I've always been into them, like 'Underworld.'
