English,Actress
I think I like playing the bad girl. I like complicated. I like flawed, messed up complicated. It's more interesting.
If someone had told me years ago that sharing a sense of humour was so vital to partnerships, I could have avoided a lot of sex!
I have to say, sushi freaks me out more than almost anything.
I don't have a big career plan. I just like to see how things come out, and I just try to keep going in different directions.
I dropped out of Oxford, and now I only speak Russian with the woman who gives me a bikini-wax. See what Hollywood does to you?
It's a very difficult thing losing a parent, but I think there's an added complication for me, because he was so well-loved and he had this very open charm that made people feel they had a personal relationship with him.
I try and take lots of vitamins and I don't drink. I do smoke, though, I'd be insufferable if I didn't smoke, you'd have to push me off a balcony I'd be so boring.
No one is more enslaved than a slave who doesn't think they're enslaved.
Apparently, I'm very good at firing a gun without blinking, which is unusual. That's why so many action characters have to wear sunglasses during shoot-out scenes. That's my party trick.
Someone once said that you can make the choice between getting old and getting creepy, and I think getting old is the way to go.
I always felt that anorexia was the form of breakdown most readily available to adolescent girls.
If I get a script that's set in the jungle it goes to the bottom of the pile because I don't think the playgrounds are going to be very good there! I'm really aware of how lucky I am but I have the kind of job where I can bring my child to work.
As a mother, you feel much more vulnerable. And when you're vulnerable, you're a much better actress.
Everybody likes the underdog, because everybody feels like the underdog. No matter how successful you are, you always think, 'No one's being nice enough to me!'
If I ever have sex with someone I might be able to develop a sense of humor.
I didn't go looking to marry an American, it just kinda happened like that.
With every project you do, you bring out a part of yourself, and it seems to be quite a good way of expanding a person.
Apparently, I get facials and manicures all the time. I read this and think, 'Oh, I wish I did that!' I don't think I've had a facial since I was 19.
Given that I can't sing like Freddie Mercury, obviously I'm not going to pursue it as a career. What would be the point?
I'm glad I've never been so successful that I couldn't stop doing one thing. I've kind of been able to just kick it along and switch around.
I feel like I've done a bunch of period stuff and then a bunch of romantic comedies.
I feel like I'm really lucky.
I'm a fan of action movies.
I think what's dangerous about being an actor who does action movies is you think, 'Well, I can totally handle myself now.' But if my opponent didn't know the other half of the routine, I don't know how well I'd do.
I didn't feel very attractive as a child and actually I wasn't.
I think that dwelling on other people's perception of you is the road to complete madness, unfortunately. I try and resist that.
