American,Actress
My worst habit used to be smoking but I quit.
Guys are kind of retarded until they're about 30.
I definitely want to go out and explore different personalities and different people.
Of course, of course I'm grateful. How can I not be grateful? I have been afforded such a wonderful life.
I totally wouldn't mind being able to wave my hand head to toe and have, like, a whole new outfit.
My good friends are Mormon, some of the best people I know.
We are all human beings, part of the human race, and we need to be compassionate and giving and kind with one another.
Smoking sucks! The one thing I would say to my kid is, 'It's not just that it's bad for you. Do you want to spend the rest of your life fighting a stupid addiction to a stupid thing that doesn't even really give you a good buzz?'
A girl told me my lips looked like somebody had pressed strawberry yogurt against my face.
I was the youngest child and really spoiled. I loved to play make-believe. I loved pretending to be all kinds of different people and it just seemed natural that I would go into acting.
I'd be a terrible secret agent. I can't keep a secret and I'm not sneaky.
I'm not out burning bras, but I'm very opinionated about women owning their power.
My mother is a great source of advice and wisdom and consolation for me.
I want to stay in the moment and enjoy the great things that are happening.
I still love the theology of the Mormon religion and think it is a wonderful way to grow up.
I've never really been America's sweetheart, but for a minute I think that's what they wanted me to be.
When I see some of the people who are glorified in magazines these days - who are so thin it's bordering on sickness - I just feel exhausted.
I pride myself on being kind.
It's more fun to think that there are other worlds.
I prefer a kiss that is so much more than just a tongue in your mouth.
Adoption has been a part of my life and a part of my family, so it was how I wanted to start. It felt natural and right to me.
Isn't it so weird the day you wake up and you're just going with the flow? And you just suddenly are a mom.
If I spread myself too thin, I'm not a good actor, I'm not a good mother, and I'm just really high-strung - and everybody hates me.
My mother is a realist, and she's had biological and adoptive children, and she said it's no different: No matter what, they're putting a stranger into your arms. You don't know them yet.
I'm not really a first-move kind of gal.
My career is really important to me, but there have to be other great, important things in your life besides work.
I'm not terribly sentimental.
I don't make big grand gestures, generally.
I have my moments, but generally speaking I shy away from being too lovey dovey.
My sister is Korean and my parents adopted her about three years before I was born and that is how I grew up.
I want my family to resemble the family I came from.
I am a better mother for having something in my life and not just my children.
I just ultimately wanted to be a mother. I love children.
Hollywood likes to label everyone so you're easier to identify.
The mouthier I got, the more I'd be celebrated.
I'm too lazy and I like food and I like my free time too much to spend it working out!
I'm not always so nice.
I'm done with the whole idea of having my own children. It doesn't seem like any fun.
I just like to shake things up, and your hair is one way to do it.
Guys are much more obvious than they think they are.
I'm terrible with my workout regime and following it strictly. I'm terrible with a healthy diet and following it strictly. I'm terrible on the weekends about getting up at reasonable hours and all of those things. But, when it comes to my work and the discipline it takes to get to work on time - I hate unprofessionalism.
I like predictability because I know what I'm getting into.
I have bad feet and I have weak ankles.
I keep kind of making certain mistakes in public appearances over and over again.
I can hide, and my husband's just terrible at finding me. I do like to jump out from behind doors and scare him.
I've created a chaotic life, and then I get on edge because of it.
I overdramatize.
Even if you plan a marriage and a family, you are never quite prepared for the reality versus how you imagined it. In a lot of ways it's better, and in a lot of ways it's worse. That's life, right?
Obviously my career's important to me and I'm really, really passionate about trying to keep it.
I don't want to be the person digging my own grave.
I think that everybody has a right to their own thoughts, their own feelings and their own private moments, if they want them.
In my career, I'm very grateful for the opportunities.
I do like change. That's the one thing exciting about me.
I like going on location for films.
I'm a sappy mom now. I didn't think I would be. I thought I'd be a cool mom who keeps everything in perspective.
I can't cultivate a relationship with my child if it's between takes. I tried that on a movie and realized, 'This is not going to work.' It will work some of the year, but not 12 months a year.
I'm not very good at being a wife because I break all the rules.
I look back at my twenties and see that I was much less confident.
I think a lot of women innately know how to play their hand. I'm not a big one for the rules.
I always assume I look better than I actually do. I'll feel pretty good about myself when I leave the house, then I'll see a picture and think, 'Crap, I had no idea that's what I was looking like.'
I'm never satisfied with the way I look.
I think that I always loved being the centre of attention!
I used to weigh myself every day at a certain time of day. Then I would write down the number and measure my body fat. It wasn't a healthy way to live.
People make mistakes - they say things they shouldn't have or didn't necessarily mean. But I strongly believe in consequences. If there are none, someone might feel like they've gotten away with something, or that what they said couldn't have been that bad.
When I do get pregnant, I highly doubt I'll be one of those women who don't look pregnant from behind - I'll be that chick who looks pregnant from her ankles up!
