British,Actress
Going by my past journey, I am not certain where life will take me, what turns and twists will happen; nobody knows where they will end up. As life changes direction, I'll flow with it.
Every one has her own love life. Every one has a dream to get a perfect life partner. But this is not so easy in real life. In fact, one doesn't love; it happens.
For me, physical beauty is never the reason for attraction to anyone.
I don't believe there is any point in holding on to too many things in life.
I'm not a big spender or shopper. Neither am I extravagant, nor do I have big expenses. I mainly spend on travel. I don't buy overpriced clothes, as I feel such expenses are unnecessary. I probably wouldn't buy expensive watches or jewellery either.
I have a very positive attitude in life. My insecurity, fear and need to know about tomorrow has fortunately eased. What is going to happen will happen anyway. So why break my head over it?
Learning what all you can overcome as a person, as a human being, is very important. It's very important to understand your strength. Which is not to say you become hardened or bitter.
When you're walking at the airport, you're expected to smile at people because they know you... I find that tough. I'm only trying to protect myself. So I don't take my eyes off the floor. People can take that as attitude. But it's actually shyness. Yes, it is a bad habit. But it's a defense mechanism.
I feel it is important not to get overly obsessed and overly carried away with just the physical aspect. There is more to beauty than just the physical appearance. You are also a complete person, and a woman should have an identity beyond just the way she looks.
I wanted to be an actress. I wanted to be known. Yes, it's difficult sometimes. I believe that if you're going to be in a profession like this, which is so open to criticism, to speculation, you need to have people around you who will believe in you and stand by you.
I have an impeccable memory, and I can learn dialogues in any language in 20 minutes, including Telugu and Malayalam.
I'm a private person. And I have a certain way in which I protect myself. I don't openly wear my feelings.
I believe in destiny, God's hand and hard work.
I will give my life to whoever in need, to any dear friend of mine.
Dance has been a big passion for me.
If you're a public figure, people have the right to speculate and gossip.
I'm not a television anchor for a Hindi channel or a radio jockey. So I may not be able to have a spontaneous conversation in Hindi. I'm a Bollywood actress, and I can certainly speak my dialogue in Hindi.
Financial security is crucial for your family, and I have a large family. Money does matter when you don't have it. When you need it, you realise the value of it. In that sense, money will always have value.
With every film, we form a small little world for a period of time. Everybody is close, and then one fine day everything is over. That can throw you off. So you have to learn to take things in your stride and not get too emotional about people or situations.
I seriously don't take praise to my heart or to my head. I only want to work harder and never get complacent.
I am a religious person and rely heavily on prayers.
Luck and being honest and sincere about work has worked for me and helped me reach where I am.
At the end of the day, it is about working in a good film. It's the films that you leave behind that matter.
There are so many actors whom I can be paired with... like Hrithik Roshan, but there hasn't been an opportunity. Abhishek and I looked good together in 'Sarkar.' And of course, there's Shah Rukh Khan, but I haven't been offered a film with him yet. I hope to work with them in the future; it's just a matter of time.
I think people who are regarded as better actors must have better instincts because, at the end of the day, once they say 'action,' it's you who has to do it right. You can do all the research and preparation or none at all, but it's your instincts that tell you, 'No, I'll do it like this.'
Love should be all about giving and trusting.
I make an attempt to do different kinds of films. There's no such formula for guaranteed success.
'Moral police' is my new word. I am very against the media doing moral policing, giving opinions on actor's lives. Media should not become moral police; they should just report.
My choice of films has never been governed by money. That is perhaps why I don't have a very fancy bank account. I'd rather get respect and creative satisfaction through my work than just earn money.
I don't have any great detail or logic or exact point that I look for in a film. It's just if I get a good sense from it and I feel that there is something interesting that we may be able to do with it, then I just kind of go for it.
I don't know if there's ever been a female-driven film or a male-driven film. I don't believe in that. I believe a film is a film - a movie can only work if everything about the film works.
I have done many comedy films. Success of films like 'Partner,' 'Singh is Kinng' gets you to a very wide audience reach. But for greater gains, you need to take greater gambles. If it works, you get respect and recognition.
Personally, I'm a simple dresser. I usually buy my own clothes. Jeans, T-shirts, summer dresses and track pants. Whenever I get the time or see a shop that catches my fancy, I buy something.
There's competition in every field, and that's healthy. It makes you work harder and be your best. Competition, not in terms of money or number of projects, but in the quality of your work, is very healthy.
I live my life exactly the way I want to. Nothing stops me from going out or being anywhere that I want to be. I am doing whatever I want to do. I do not live my life according to any restrictions whatsoever!
