English,Actress
I say find one true friend to help you get through the tough times.
I was called fat and ugly in the press almost my entire life. I understand that being judged by others comes with the territory, but it broke my heart and ruined my self-esteem.
I never thought in a million years I'd be that healthy girl who wakes up every morning to exercise. After being called 'cherubic and chubby,' I'm rocking a bikini!
They are the only people in the world who I can truly trust and rely on. Touring gets really lonely. I guess I have friends around me but when you're paying them can they ever really be true friends?
Women are so unforgiving of themselves. We don't recognize our own beauty because we're too busy comparing ourselves to other people.
I was dating this guy and we would spend all day text messaging each other. And he thought that he could tell that he liked me more because he actually spelt the word 'YOU' and I just put the letter 'U'.
I guess I have friends around me but when you're paying them can they ever really be true friends?
I feel good in my own skin because I've accepted the fact that I'm me. That's what's so great about being alive and being on this planet: Everybody's different.
I've done a lot of growing up since the age of 16 and I really wanted that to be reflected in my music.
I hate the word gothic but I would like to try doing something like that. A gothic sound, not rock, but gothic. There's a difference.
I just think you would never kill and cut up a human to wear so why do it to animals? I just think it's horrible, I would never wear fur, although I guess if it was a really vintage piece you might just get away with it.
It's funny that all these goths paint their faces with such white make-up and that is the actual colour of my skin, I am that pale!
I think my mum has the foulest mouth of anyone I've ever met.
Oh that's very English, that's probably why. They just go 'LOL' in America.
I'm an emotional eater. When I get upset, my diet goes out the window.
My girlfriends and I just started doing plyometrics. It's a killer - it hurts so much. But when you walk out of there, you're like, 'I can't believe I just did that and my body looks this good.'
I'd be the best mum ever. I would. I've got great training from my mum.
To fill the shoes of rock 'n' roll, because of the family I have, is a really hard thing.
I don't really like wearing bikinis. And if you don't either, don't make yourself.
Sometimes it's other people's voices you have to shut out.
I've completely changed the way I eat since doing 'Dancing With The Stars.'
A trick I've learned is to eat just a little bit of something that has no carbs and no sugar in it before you go to sleep because it keeps your metabolism going.
They say you should never eat before you go to bed, but I've found just having a tiny little snack - like half an apple or something like that - before you go to sleep really helps.
Pilates is amazing, my posture is so much better and I'm even starting to get muscles on my tummy - it's incredible.
I go on the Internet and look at old pictures of myself, because it is the best reminder of how far I have come and where I do not want to be.
I didn't know that anything was wrong with me until the media got involved in my life.
