American,Actress
Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
I love doing laundry! It's so satisfying. I love the way it smells. I love doing the sheets.
Yeah, I like being on my own. I do. I tend to be a loner, so I'm okay. I'm not okay when I have to be around everyone all the time.
I am crazy for dessert. I eat everything. No one should be denied anything... just don't eat the whole thing.
Dance is definitely what I love doing much more than anything else.
It's sad when girls think they don't have anything going on except being pretty.
People - not just in their teenage years - hold on to this fantasy of love when they're not ready to have a real relationship.
Acting happened to me. If I had pursued it, I think it would have been like someone going to a bar, desperately looking for love and not finding anyone.
I'm not okay when I have to be around everyone all the time.
Who knows? Maybe years from now I'll be on a ranch in Colorado with 10 kids. The whole point of life is to experience a little bit of everything, and I think it's better when there are a few surprises thrown in.
I want to be able to raise my kid. I was totally being a martyr about it at first, thinking I could totally do it on my own, which I did for a while. I've hired a babysitter before, but as for a full-time caregiver... for a control freak like me, it ain't gonna happen!
People still take it really personally. They come up to me at breakfast places like, 'When are you growing your hair back?'
Anything that opens you up emotionally is going to impact your acting. Parenthood, becoming a mom, certainly does that.
I know not every mom is a secret KGB spy, but every mom has this whole other life. Every dad and every person has this whole other life.
I was a huge fan of 'Arrested Development,' and there's just something it tickles in me and it's bright and it's hilarious.
When I was on the 'Mickey Mouse Club,' there was Britney Spears, Justin Timberlake and Ryan Gosling and Christine Aguilera. But they were 12 and I was 17, so there was a bit of an age difference.
I am positive I was not a neglected child. I remember reading 'The Jungle Book' and 'The Sleeping Beauty.'
Personally, I'm a real wimp with scary movies. I get so scared.
I think people like to be thrilled and excited. And a scary movie is a safe way to do that because you're not actually doing it. It's entertainment. You know that you're in the confines of this two-hour space of safety in the movie house.
Dance has helped me with everything. It was a great foundation for discipline, hard work and, unfortunately, the ever-elusive idea of perfection. It lends itself easily to fight choreography, because that's what it really is. Choreography. And knowing how to move with someone.
I don't have time for any special skin routines. Many a night I go to bed with the gloppy mascara and all.
Acting is a strange profession, and, yes, sometimes I struggle with its worth, its value in the world.
People expect all women to react the same to pregnancy. But anyone who's been around pregnant women knows that it's not all cutesy and sweet. You spaz out and you're angry and you have tantrums.
I like getting to be in the adult world a little bit and then getting to be in the mom world and cook dinners. And, for me, that balance is what makes it nice.
I stayed really physical during my pregnancy. I stuck to my normal pre-pregnancy workout, minus the stomach exercises and twisting. I really felt it helped my whole well-being.
I'm naturally thin, so I don't have to work too hard at it. I love food, but I also love to work out. I think it makes everything work better.
