American,Actress
I have a lot of sides to my personality and what you see on 'The Hills' is a strong, independent woman, which I am. But I also have a sensitive side that I don't show too much.
My personal style can be everything from girly and flirty to edgy and chic.
I like to think I have quite a few different styles - sometimes it's a bit rock n' roll, other times more girly and feminine.
It's important to let kids be themselves and to let them make mistakes. Self-discovery goes a long way.
Sometimes, in order for things to get better, they have to end - even if it's momentarily.
I think a lot of girls look up to me because I'm a strong woman.
I would never put my close friends or a real relationship on a show.
I don't want a huge wedding. I don't want it to be some huge spectacle.
My dad was very excited about me doing 'Laguna Beach,' and he thought it was a great opportunity. My mom, however, living in Chicago, was a little nervous. I mean she had some reservations about MTV. I think there was a point in my life where I wasn't even allowed to watch MTV!
Coconut oil is one of them. I call it miracle oil because you can literally do everything with it. I have it in the kitchen, and then I also have it in the bathroom. It's great as a hair mask, too; I actually put it on my hair yesterday.
I think the hardest part of being a working mom is that I miss my kids a lot.
I'm very open to dating and finding a guy.
I own a lot of shoes; I am not sure how many.
I like to wear what I feel good in, not what the latest trend is.
I don't shop online. I'm always scared to put my credit card on the Internet!
I say what's on my mind. I go after what I want.
Headlines are so great in a sense that they can take a little bit from an article completely out of context and blow it into something it's not. Some people really only read headlines.
It's very difficult to change the perception people have of you.
If you're looking for a boyfriend, you aren't gonna find one. They seem to come into your life when you least expect it.
Sometimes guys are so concerned with being cool and hanging out with their friends. They don't want to seem like the guy that 'has to call his girlfriend.' It's just boys growing up.
It's an unwritten rule - girl friends' boyfriends are off limits, even after they break up.
If a guy won't commit, he's a player.
I'm completely done with reality TV.
I don't typically drink coffee.
I don't really regret anything in my life.
Everything that I've done has made me who I am today. You know, it's cliche, but it's true.
I felt like I really came into my own when I became a mom. My entire world changed.
I've always had a little pooch. I just always have - that's just my body type. No matter how skinny I've been, it's always there. And now that I've had kids, I sort of don't mind as much because, you know what? What my stomach and my body went through is truly a miracle.
I always give myself a three-month period where I would just hibernate and wouldn't even think about the baby weight. I would just be with my baby in my own little world. And then, once I started getting more energy and wasn't so tired, then I would hit the gym.
I think if you just eat healthy, you're active, and you don't beat yourself up, you're setting yourself up to win rather than setting yourself up for failure.
I'm the most boring pregnant woman ever.
I'm - like, 80% of the time, I'm the biggest health nut. I'm usually really healthy.
Before I got pregnant, I was doing Pilates a couple times a week, and I actually loved Pilates. I noticed a difference with my core, which is my problem area, so that was nice. For me, I don't do a lot of cardio. I lift more weights.
Goat's milk is the closest thing out there to human breast milk. Plus, it is more easily digested than cow's or soy milk. Giving goat's milk to children is popular in Europe and other parts of the world.
GMOs are linked to digestive problems, among other things. Antibiotics and growth hormone are other additives being excessively pumped into the animals we are eating, which means we're then consuming these excess antibiotics and hormones. And some processed foods actually contain toxic chemicals, often used to prevent spoilage and enhance flavor.
I truly believe that everything I need to flourish nutritionally is found in nature and that some stuff just shouldn't be messed with, especially the food I'm putting in my body.
I really believe that my family's infrequency of getting sick is due to our diet.
I live in Chicago, but my work is always in New York or L.A., so I always have to travel for my job.
When you finally have kids, you realize how selfish you are. I think we are naturally selfish beings. When you have kids, that can kind of be a shock at first. I think just trying to make time for yourself is very hard. Especially now that I have 3, finding that time can be very difficult.
I have such a great relationship with my mom that I'm so excited to, hopefully, have that same relationship with my daughter.
I just want to raise a confident girl. I just want her to know that she doesn't need to be sending naked pictures and doing all that stuff - I'm definitely going to monitor everything. I want to raise her to know that she can go do whatever she wants in life and to be comfortable in her own skin, which I think also just comes with age and time.
