American,Actress
I love the rain. It's my favorite weather.
When you go out of your comfort zone and it works there's nothing more satisfying.
It sounds so cheesy, but there's something very powerful about looking in the mirror and asking yourself a question. Because I think it's really hard to lie.
At parties, I'll start talking and notice everyone is looking at me and feel dumb and say, 'Forget it,' and then start eating things.
I can relate to having those people in your life that you feel are moving on to this great, big, normal life and you're like, 'What's wrong with me?'
With improv, it's a combination of listening and not trying to be funny.
I enjoy being characters rather than myself.
I roller skated when I was younger, but when you're on a track that's slanted and you're with other people all skating in a pack, it's a whole different sport.
If you're creating anything at all, it's really dangerous to care about what people think.
I am shyer than most people think.
I hated speaking in public. I would miss school just so I wouldn't have to do it.
There are so many funny women in the world, and there has been for so many years, so I'll be happy when people can just move on from that, and things can just be 'comedies' and not 'female' or 'male,' and everyone gets an equal opportunity.
For movies to get greenlit solely based on the success of other movies that have a lot of women in them? It's so ridiculous to me.
People are always so surprised when I want to do dramatic stuff.
I do sort of gravitate towards smaller, indie-type movies.
I really, really want to go to Paris. I've never been.
I'm not as much a history person as an art person, but I mean, you can read history through art.
I just like to walk around New York, just put my iPod on and walk around.
I probably lived more of a rock-star life when I was 15. I got in trouble a fair amount. I cared more about hanging out and skipping school than studying.
I definitely ran with a pack of hoodlums, that's for sure.
I lived in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, until eighth grade, and then my high-school years were in Rochester, New York.
A big part of being in a wedding is the financial obligation, and that's something that people don't really talk about, but if you're asked to be in a wedding, you're gonna have to fork over some cash.
The weddings that I've been in have been pretty mellow.
I think it's an interesting thing to watch when a person is trying to keep it together and then ultimately when they do lose it a little bit.
I just always gravitate toward the kind of characters or people that maybe you don't want to talk to for a long time at a party, but you do like to watch what they're doing.
I'm a vegetarian; I eat a lot of tofu and soy.
When you're on your deathbed, you probably aren't counting the movies you've made.
I don't know if you can articulate an instinct.
I don't rehearse a lot. I try to keep it organic. Even in movies, the less I rehearse, the better I am.
I'd make a terrible surgeon. The fear of blood? Very high on my list.
Mean comedy is not really something that I personally gravitate towards or something that I do.
I don't know about the romantic comedy route, although never say never.
I would rather have a small part in a really great movie than a big one in one that I'm not too psyched about.
I just want to try and be in projects that are exciting to me.
