American,Actress
My cousin was Ron O'Neal, who was 'Superfly.' Films like 'Shaft' and 'Superfly' were the biggest things out there in the early '70s. It's hard to remember just how big they were - how much impact they had on the culture, the music, the fashions, the hair styles.
It feels like I'm in a swimming pool, and I am constantly trying to stay above water. Sometimes I feel like I'm slipping, and you try to come up for air, and that's how it is when looking for the next role.
So many people are busy working now, but we need to go back to the old days when grandma and the neighbors helped raise the children, and we were all the better for it.
A woman is a woman. A woman has male problems, has job problems, and I think funny is funny.
I'm always fighting with profanity and Christian comedy. I'm telling you, it's always a fight. Because my father said to me, he said, 'Well, Kym, I feel like comics and people that use profanity, you have a lack of vocabulary, actually, a whole lot.'
The OWN network is all about inspiring and enlightening.
Of course I watch 'Life with La Toya' on OWN.
I believe that people just want to laugh and have a good time.
I am a different kind of celebrity; I don't have the big, giant house, the fancy cars, and all the designer stuff. I am just a girl from Cleveland.
I didn't know that my son had allergies until he spit up eggs one day, and one day he had a little peanut butter and his face swelled up. I took him to get tested and found out that he is allergic to everything.
My parenting style is probably like that of my parents, because you do how you learn. My mother was very nurturing and loving, but very stern. She was a disciplinary. My dad was also very loving.
I come from a long line of architects. I'm the only one who did not become an architect, but I've been around the drawing aspect and construction my whole life.
I think the arts are absolutely necessary for children to be creative and express themselves because every child is different.
We still have to create things for African American women. Just like Tyler Perry is doing it, we can't wait for things to happen; you have to go and make and create roles and go to people.
'College Road Trip' is colorless. It's not a black film. It's not a white film.
I'm not cheap, I'm thrifty.
It's so much easier when you're a size two or three to just slip on anything. But a big girl, sometimes you've got to strap some stuff down!
I've always had an entourage. Even when I was a little kid, I had a lot of little children following around me.
My parents were funny. My brothers were funny. We just laughed and had a good time. Growing up, it breeds that. It breeds your funny. It breeds your creativity.
I love Cleveland, and I love going back home. That's where my family is. That's where my roots are.
When I first came to Los Angeles, I was a teacher in Compton. I know how in need schools are around the country.
I've always wanted to work with children, to help people, and to be funny.
After my episode of 'Curb Your Enthusiasm' ran, Larry David and JJ Abrams were like, 'I discovered her,' but I was like 'Hold up. Please. I'm from 'Next Friday.' Everybody knows me!'
I love female company. I love men, but women are different.
In the African American community, we are very 'hush, hush' about things in our life.
Cooking for my son is a challenge. I have to feed him right. He can't eat French fries and candy every day.
