American,Actress
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
You learn to rise above a lot of bad things that happen in your life. And you have to keep going.
I am not a has-been. I am a will be.
Legends are all to do with the past and nothing to do with the present.
When you talk about a great actor, you're not talking about Tom Cruise. His whole behavior is so shocking. It's inappropriate and vulgar and absolutely unacceptable to use your private life to sell anything commercially, but I think it's kind of a sickness.
A woman isn't complete without a man. But where do you find a man - a real man - these days?
I think your whole life shows in your face and you should be proud of that.
We live in an age of mediocrity.
I used to tremble from nerves so badly that the only way I could hold my head steady was to lower my chin practically to my chest and look up at Bogie. That was the beginning of The Look.
I put my career in second place throughout both my marriages and it suffered. I don't regret it. You make choices. If you want a good marriage, you must pay attention to that. If you want to be independent, go ahead. You can't have it all.
In Hollywood, an equitable divorce settlement means each party getting fifty percent of publicity.
I wish Frank Sinatra would just shut up and sing.
I finally felt that I came into my own when I went on the stage.
God - if the press ever quoted anyone correctly, it would be brilliant.
I've always felt that work - learning from people who know more than I know - is what keeps you going.
I suppose there are times when I can't believe that I've lived the way that I have and done the things that I've done. Life's a joke anyway. It's all ridiculous. It's all so short.
You realize yourself when you start reflecting - because I don't live in the past, although your past is so much a part of what you are - that you can't ignore it. But I don't look at scrapbooks.
What is the point of working all your life and then stopping?
I'm a big fan of Daniel Day-Lewis. He's a marvelous actor. He stands alone, I think.
I used to dream of being other places, other people. It was an escape for me.
You are welcoming to everyone when you're a liberal. You do not have a small mind.
I wasn't brought up as a society girl to go to balls and be a debutante and marry the social set and money and go to parties. No one in my family lived like that. And I never wanted to live like that. I was brought up to believe in work. I always wanted a career. Always.
When everything happens to you when you're so young, you're very lucky, but by the same token, you're never going to have that same feeling again. The first time anything happens to you - your first love, your first success - the second one is never the same.
Men need to feel important. They feel better when they're with younger girls or unknown girls.
Young people, even in Hollywood, ask me, 'Were you really married to Humphrey Bogart?' 'Well, yes, I think I was,' I reply.
Find me a man who's interesting enough to have dinner with and I'll be happy.
That was my original dream, anyway, to be on stage. I think the stage is an actor's place because actors, it belongs to you.
Movies are great fun and wonderful when they're good. But you never get to see them till six months after they're finished. So you never get a sense of whether they're really well liked or how good they are. And you don't really know what the finished product is going to be like, because it's a director's medium.
I studied dancing for 13 years. And loved to dance. Always wanted to dance with Fred Astaire.
It's just a fact of life that I don't think I've ever been taken particularly seriously in movies by movie makers. I don't know why.
I was this kid, and I was scared to death of all these pros around me... My head would shake, and my hands would shake, and I discovered if I kept my head down and looked up, my head would not shake, so I started to do that when I could, when it was appropriate in a scene.
In actual fact, I've never been one, even from childhood, to kind of analyze myself very much.
All the Warner actors were real actors. They started in theater and led very straightforward lives - you never saw entourages around. The MGM girls were the glamour girls, and they always had the makeup and hair people with them and all that.
When I was a kid, it was Bette Davis. She was my idol. I used to cut school and sit in the back of the theater; of course, I would have snuck in because I couldn't afford a ticket.
I adored 'Breaking The Waves,' so when Lars von Trier wanted me in 'Dogville,' I was beside myself with joy. He works in a way that nobody I've ever worked with works.
Film is not a woman's medium. If you weren't the hottest kid in town, men stayed away from you.
My feeling about the movies is that most of them are terrible. If you don't have a decent script and a decent director, forget it.
I always wanted to work with Spencer Tracy, which never happened, although I knew him well. And I never worked with Cary Grant.
I don't consider myself a great actress. I'm just trying to stay alive, actually. I think I'm good, and I've learned a lot, certainly, mostly in the theater. I've been sloughed off movies for years. But what can you do? That's life.
For my peculiar face, I look best when I look as though I'm not wearing make-up.
Acting is a life of rejection.
You can't acquire a voice. Either you have it, or you don't.
The biggest misconception people have about me is that I'm in control of every situation. I'm rarely in control of any situation.
The big rule is that you must never get mixed up with a married man - never even look sideways at another woman's fella. Boy, I really was terrific at obeying that rule, wasn't I?
I'm not tough, and I never have been. I suppose over the years I've built up kind of a veneer to protect myself because I have functioned on my own for a long, long time, and I have never had a lot of flunkies preceding me to clear the way.
My mother was the greatest example to me of anyone I've ever known. She didn't have an easy life. I adored her. She worked hard all her life, and she was the one who set my values. She was quite an amazing woman, although she wasn't tough at all.
I loved reading Grimm's fairy tales and Hans Christian Andersen, and I loved to dream about other worlds and other lives. Maybe that has something to do with having an incomplete family, being an only child. All I know is I loved to pretend, and all that was in tandem with my wanting to be an actress.
Stupidity is not my favourite thing; I cannot deal with it.
I don't look in the mirror; don't like what I see; never have. I am not my idea of a beauty. Never was. This is not false modesty. I've just never been enamoured of my face, which of course is magnified umpteen times on screen.
I was never my favourite subject.
I don't have an entourage. In fact, I have no live-in help.
I hope I'm thought of as not just a showbiz personality, but as someone who has lived a life and who has hopefully made a contribution to something along the way - someone who is a human being as well as an actress.
My definition of a star is someone who really lasts for a very long time.
I happen to watch public television more than anything else. I'm also a news junkie, so I watch a lot of CNN.
I like to work with really good professional people - anyone with real talent.
