French,Actress
I like a man who can respect a woman. When he's real attentive, I think that is very manly. To respect a woman is divine.
I love challenge. I love to be afraid before a film, before acting. I think always I want to experience fear. I've become addicted to this feeling.
I find it hard to be joyful on screen because I'm so tense.
I was putting forward too much of myself when I was singing.
Actually, I started to become an actress because I met someone who was just a friend and I found his life wonderful, I thought, Oh my god, you can travel, you're free, you can do what you want, you're the boss. And then I met an actor and I was in love with him.
In America it's good to show people you are fine, you're healthy, you're sporty, you're happy to do things, to live. And in France it's more like you don't have to show you have success.
If I do too many takes, I'm too self-conscious. I think I'm better in first scenes.
When a director you admire says that he wants to work with you, it's always a compliment, very good for your ego.
My proudest moment is when I'm part of a good film, when people are touched by it.
This is why I became an actress. So that people will take care of me. To be an actress is a refuge. You are taken everywhere, stay in wonderful hotels, everyone looks after you.
I like to learn things from other cultures. I'm curious. It's exciting to be in an unknown world, in a way.
I'm not as beautiful as a model.
Even in between takes, you emerge yourself. So you don't have a life for six months.
In America, you don't have to be weak, you have to be strong.
I don't have any preconceived ideas of myself. I just take things as they come.
I'm not reading reviews and critics. I don't care. I guess I'm still a little on my own planet.
For me, cinema's like a language - everyone has their own form of it.
Whether you're in a blockbuster or an art film, you have to be able to adapt.
As an actor, it's up to you to show that you can do something else. For me, the interesting actors don't always go where you expect to find them.
Male directors always project their own desire of women - how they want a woman to dress, to do her hair. With a woman director, it's more a projection of herself.
It's true that French are not very sophisticated in the sense that they don't dress up for dinners. They are not like Americans, where they are always perfect - the girls are not very sporty; they don't take care of themselves as much as Americans, who always have very white teeth and are so fit.
There are no nail salons in Paris - it is very expensive to do a manicure. I sometimes get one done.
I would love to take more risks - have pink hair - but it doesn't look right on me.
I don't really wear makeup every day. I feel like being an actress - we wear a lot of makeup - but when I am not working, I need to let my face breathe and be very comfortable.
It's a misogynistic world. It's because of what we ask of actresses. We ask them to be sensitive, fragile, desirable. And men? We ask them to be strong and virile.
I don't like modernity. I don't have television or the Internet at home. The Internet scares me. I can't drive a car.
