English,Actress
There is something in the act of having tattoos done that I love. It can be quite addictive. I've got a few on my back because my friend is an artist, and a few on my arms. Every time I pass a tattoo parlour, I think, 'Maybe just a tiny one.'
I have an internal protectiveness where it's like, if it comes to just me, as frightened as I am of losing someone I love or things going sour or simply being alone, there is a dark place in my brain where I'm like, It could happen and I'm okay, I'm prepared.
There's nothing more exciting for an actor than a chance to lose, to be someone who has lost - especially if it's someone who starts off with a veneer of control. To be broken is wonderful.
For me, horror movies are a real escape.
People who never get anxious always amaze me. The world could be breaking up, and they're saying, 'Everything's fine!'
Maybe you just don't see your own beauty.
'Lost Boys' is one of my all-time faves. I just thought it would be great to be a vampire. I remember this movie called 'Once Bitten,' which is about an '80s sort of power girl who became a vampire and was really, like, sexy. Hair like she was from 'Dallas,' shoulder pads, big earrings.
I hate being looked at. Can't stand it. I know, I know - I picked the wrong career. I should have been a doctor. If you play certain parts you have this nice face painted on you, and then you have feel as if you have a responsibility to this idea of being beautiful. I hate that about our business.
There's a perceived inverse relation between looks and talent. Look at Charlize Theron - she made herself ugly for 'Monster' and suddenly everyone said 'she's a genius.' It shouldn't be like that.
Nothing I do is by design. It's always the result of a happy accident. I didn't have a career plan. It has just become the way it is. It's all good fun.
I'm sad I'm not in 'The Purge 2.'
I'm small but quite tough. When incensed, I can swing a punch.
With fantasy and sci-fi, it's based in a real fandom. You're presenting to experts, and their source material is really important to them. They'll come up and ask: 'so when you turned your head slightly in that scene, what were you thinking?'
I'm 40 next year and I'm very well aware that where I am now, it becomes a bit of a wilderness for actresses.
I've never directed before, so I need to make sure that people know that I can. The movie that I've written, 'The Sophisticates,' is a... small ensemble comedy and I hope it's charming and funny.
Since being quite young, I've had a very strong sense of independence and survival. As a child, I was on my own two feet emotionally.
I love being physical, but I am extreme either way. I can be superfit. And then I can be really lazy and ignore everything.
I am very much a seat-of-the-pants actor. I will prepare when I have to. But I like being unprepared.
I'm sort of like a T. rex in the world of female actresses. Every time a job is finished, I look at my car and think, 'Could I live in it?'
Does our culture have a need for violence? I don't know. I guess it's a personal thing.
I think I cry when I'm angry. I let it go that way.
Sometimes it's a bizarre, fairly cold, and horrifying thing to be a parent.
I look at someone like Kathryn Bigelow, and I have so much admiration. She's playing in the boy's sandpit, and winning.
I've got quite a big gay following. I played a lesbian prostitute in the TV series 'Band Of Gold' but I think my following really grew when I played one in the film 'Imagine Me & You,' with Piper Perabo.
As a teenager I was clinically depressed. Although I had lots of friends, I found those years very difficult.
Getting the role in '300' saved me. I'd been out of work for 11 months after 'The Brothers Grimm.' Once the film came out and didn't do so well, the director Terry Gilliam blamed me for absolutely everything. It was pretty appalling, and I had started to wonder if I'd ever get another job again when I was asked to audition for '300.'
There seems to be great roles for women, and it's not necessarily - you don't have to be young women. Suddenly, we're realizing that, generally, women are interesting, and they can also be weird and crazy and mean.
I find 'Chainsaw' to be a very relaxing film.
I almost never get recognised in the street.
I don't want to be owned by anyone.
Really, I still just think of myself as a Northerner, ultimately. It's in my DNA. I'll always have those Northern qualities. We can be mischievous. We can be bold.
I urge everyone - men, boys, women and girls - to join me in standing up for girls' rights with Plan U.K.
I have a scary side of me.
There's no snobbery in me.
I think I look slightly like a horse. Hand on heart, I think I'm pretty average.
I miss that London thing of walking outside and bumping into mates and going, 'Do you want to get a pint?'
Some 'Terminator' fans are outraged that I'm playing Sarah Connor. They think I'm not muscly enough. To be honest, I'm a little tired of the comparisons to Linda Hamilton. I know she will always be the original Sarah Connor, but when people see what I bring to the role, they will look at her with new eyes.
One day I can be ecstatically up, and the next, I can feel this real blankness, a deadness almost, which is scary.
One day I was in school, and the next I was acting opposite Jeremy Irons. That's how quickly it happened. I was in class and then working with Sir Anthony Hopkins.
I'm dreadful at schmoozing at Hollywood parties.
I love the chance to train with someone like Mark Twight.
Having the tattoo itself is not really for the end result for me. I like having them done.
I don't take anything for granted.
I would love to work with Shane Meadows - great director.
I've been working a long time, and mostly European films.
I'm a tomboy. I used to get into a lot of fights. Don't know why - self-expression, I guess.
You couldn't get less royal than me.
I took up boxing as a fitness thing. I got obsessed, and I would go every day when I wasn't working. It's just an insane sport when you get into it.
