Canadian,Actress
Being stuck in airports, you always end up buying perfume and sunglasses.
I had cleavage that would make Dolly Parton proud. But those things are really heavy and I'm pretty slight of frame, so I took them out. No one even noticed.
I'm totally on a mission to find my signature scent, but I'm too mercurial.
For the past 10 years, people have been making fun of the eighties. Why are we bringing them back?
I did some artistic nudes when I was I 8 with a French-Canadian photographer while I was modeling. They were beautiful shots, and they were not about nudity.
I do see myself going to LA. Not anytime soon.
I like breaking the rules.
I quite enjoy science fiction.
I sit on my duff, smoke cigarettes and watch TV. I'm not exactly a poster girl for healthy living.
I thought I wanted to be a brain surgeon until I realized all the schooling it required. I didn't like school very much so I had to come up with something else.
I toyed with the idea of pursuing a career as a lawyer just because I like to argue.
I was actually a bit disappointed about the amount of sex in the show. I think Backus should get out a bit more, get a relationship, perhaps make her a lesbian.
I was taken to one place by a director, and he bought me a lap dance.
I'm determined to be a diva.
I'm off to save the universe again. It's a tough job but someone has to do it, and I'm glad it's me.
I'm so much more of an East Coast girl than a West Coast girl.
I'm very proud to be Canadian, but I would move to New York in a heartbeat.
It doesn't matter if you're staying at a four-star hotel, you will never have your whole closet with you.
It doesn't take much to make me happy.
It's a dream part, running around with guns, being an agent.
Men with style are great because they have a sense of self.
My most recent purchase was a black lace corset.
My parents used to take me to a lot of theatre when I was young.
My relationships with my loved ones always take precedence over work.
Seppuku is Japanese for ritual suicide. I thought, What a cute name for a coat.
Thank God my parents had an abundance of patience.
