American,Actress
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework.
The road to success is always under construction.
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
I always wondered why somebody doesn't do something about that. Then I realized I was somebody.
Don't be afraid of missing opportunities. Behind every failure is an opportunity somebody wishes they had missed.
Many times I sit back and say, 'I can't believe that this is my life!' Other times, I feel self-satisfied. I mean, there's a lot to be proud and thankful for but, nonetheless, it's just a life!
Reality is the leading cause of stress among those in touch with it.
Ninety eight percent of the adults in this country are decent, hardworking, honest Americans. It's the other lousy two percent that get all the publicity. But then, we elected them.
The best mind-altering drug is the truth.
No matter how cynical you become, it's never enough to keep up.
It's my belief we developed language because of our deep inner need to complain.
I worry that the person who thought up Muzak may be thinking up something else.
I've always wanted to be somebody, but I see now I should have been more specific.
Sometimes I feel like a figment of my own imagination.
I grew up in a time when women didn't really do comedy. You had to be homely, overweight, an old maid, all that. You had to play a stereotype, because very attractive women were not supposed to be funny - because it's powerful; it's a threat.
We are all in this together, by ourselves.
What I appreciate is acknowledging to the audience that I think they have brains.
There's so much plastic in this culture that vinyl leopard skin is becoming an endangered synthetic.
If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question?
Why is it that when we talk to God we're said to be praying but when God talks to us we're schizophrenic?
Instead of working for the survival of the fittest, we should be working for the survival of the wittiest - then we can all die laughing.
What is reality, anyway? Just a collective hunch.
If you read a lot of books, you're considered well-read. But if you watch a lot of TV, you're not considered well-viewed.
For fast-acting relief try slowing down.
Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
