American,Actress
I think everyone feels lost at times during their high school years.
I think in real life most of us don't know how to communicate our deepest feelings very well.
When I was a kid, 'Scooby Doo' was, hands down, my favorite cartoon. Even when I was older, when I was in college studying and I needed to tune out for a while, I'd watch 'Scooby Doo.'
I always thought I was a little shy, especially compared to my brother and my sister, but I guess I was always the kid doing performances in the front room.
Yes, I'm very close to my family. And being that close to your family, I think you also struggle with how to become your own person.
I just got back from Switzerland, which I've never been to. I went to Switzerland and Amsterdam.
I think I'm going to spend some time learning how to be a first-time mom, and then I'll go back to work.
After I finished 'E.R.', I wanted to concentrate on re-examining what kind of actress I am and taking time for real-life things.
People who have no idea it's me when they first see me playing something, and later they realize, 'That's her from whatever it is,' it's a great compliment that they can forget.
The one thing about being on 'ER' that has changed is that I'm more easily recognizable.
I had a really scary pregnancy and a very difficult delivery. My daughter and I are lucky to be alive.
I remember when I took the role on E.R., I thought, 'I haven't really been able to play a working class woman. I've played girls, I've played funny, but I haven't played a working class woman. That sounds like something I'd like to do.'
One thing I like about trying to write is that I can possibly write myself a role. Otherwise, you're at the mercy of whatever roles are out there that people are willing to give to you.
I was extremely close with my parents. Breaking away from that is a double-edged sword: It's something you need to do, but it's hard to cut the apron strings.
I love to work on a set whether it's mostly men or mostly women, but there's something about being in a community of women that changes the energy.
There are not that many jobs as an actor where you don't get to know what your character will be doing from episode to episode.
I have sort of the career where, if you are a fan, you've been following me for a while, and you really like something that I've done, so meeting those people is always a really gracious experience.
I like diversity; I want one character to be very different from the next. I love to live with a character for a long time if I can, but I like one character to be different from the next.
One of my favorite things to do is not to speak on screen. In theater it's different because there's a lot of emphasis on language - it's a different medium. But that is one of the most wonderful things about film. A person's face can say so much more than their voice can.
Being raised Catholic myself, I think people who are Catholic tend to carry a lot of guilt. It's almost a joke.
You know, the hard thing about audiences not liking what a character does is that they sometimes take it out on the actor personally. That's something that you know when you become an actor or actress, but it's always hard to deal with when it actually happens.
Before I could talk, I would try to sing.
