American,Actress
Everyone has highs and lows that they have to learn from, but every morning I start off with a good head on my shoulders, saying to myself, 'It's going to be a good day!'.
On a day when you're tired, it's important to just say good morning to everyone so they're kind of aware that it's gonna be a good day. Jamie Lee Curtis told me that.
It's my body. And I like my body. And I like my breasts. And no, they're not fake.
Never say never. The things that you don't plan are the best. I'm a very spontaneous person.
My motto is: Live every day to the fullest - in moderation.
I'm not that girl from Freaky Friday any more! I'm a real adult. In fact, I hate children! I hate them all!
I don't care what anyone says.
I really enjoy singing and I really enjoy acting, but singing I've been doing since I was really young.
It's so weird that I went to rehab. I always said that I would die before I went to rehab. But I thought, 'I'm going to stay here tonight.' And I stayed there for a month. It was great.
I'm an angel compared to some of my friends.
I want to set up orphanages for underprivileged and abused children.
Partying and having all of those pictures taken distracts from the work that I do. It's not why I started acting. I didn't get into acting to be written about. It kind of just happened - so I accept that it's my life.
I'm 20 years old. I like to party as much as anyone my age. Going clubbing is my way of relaxing or releasing a lot of stress. I don't feel that I should have to justify that part of my life. I don't know that I'm necessarily an addict.
I know that in my past I was young and irresponsible - but that's what growing up is. You learn from your mistakes.
Substance abuse is a disease which doesn't go away overnight. I'm working hard to overcome it. I did fail my recent drug test. I'm prepared to face the consequences.
It's funny because being comedic and happy and lighthearted is who I am as a person, so they're easier emotions for me to connect with.
I just feel as though it's become a situation where people have manifested this caricature of who I am, and they act as if there's no real person inside of it.
I am happy being able to play roles with people my age because once you do something really mature there is no turning back.
My mom is going to kill me for talking about sleeping with people. But I don't want to put myself in the position where I'm in a monogamous relationship right now. I'm not dating just one person. 'Sex and the City' changed everything for me because those girls would sleep with so many people.
Beauty is grace and confidence. I've learned to accept and appreciate what nature gave me.
I love my red hair. It makes me spunkier.
How can you not like Britney Spears?
I just love fashion. I think it just expresses who you are so much.
Normalcy is not interesting.
I don't know if I am cut out to playing a bad character or not - I really should give it a shot. I would like to play the voice of a baddie, but that's really just a cop-out!
I think a woman's body is so much more sensual than a man's. I'm not saying strip off all your clothes, but there are certain photos I like people taking of me, where I'm comfortable. As long as it's tasteful, why not?
I wanted to be a movie star. But movie stars are not what they used to be.
When I was a kid, I thought movie stars were women and men who were in these great films that we still look at now. But I don't think there are too many films coming out these days that we're going to look at in the future and say, 'This is one of the great ones.'
This is what I asked for, and in this day and age that's what actually goes on. But what hurts me the most is that I work just as hard as any other actress around my age, like Scarlett Johansson, but I just don't get the opportunities that they get because people are so distracted by the mess that I created in my life.
I think my biggest focus for myself is learning how to continue to get through the trauma that my father has caused in my life.
So many people around me would say they cared for the wrong reasons. A lot of people were pulling from me, taking from me and not giving.
Obviously, I want to sell records, but I do it because I find it therapeutic. In music I can be myself.
I still need to go through the process of proving myself.
I've become more of a homebody, and I like that.
I have always admired and had enormous respect for Elizabeth Taylor. She was not only an incredible actress but an amazing woman as well.
I don't like to talk about politics. If you say you're a Democrat, that'll turn off Republicans, and that's half of your fan base.
I want to act and direct like Jodie Foster. I admire her because she went to college and she is still doing the same thing.
Because I'm so much in the spotlight, people lose sight of why I'm in the industry. In fact, I'm doing all this because I love to act. I love to perform, to sing.
I'm my own worst enemy and I know that.
I'm really in touch, whether it's prayer or meditation... there are so many powers greater than me in the world. I've been blessed and lucky enough to have been given a gift to share with other people.
I hate the bad rap that people give my parents. Because they are just parents, really, at the end of the day trying to stand up for their daughter and themselves.
I live without regrets. There are certain things I have done, mistakes that I made, that I would change, but I don't regret them at all, because I've learnt from them.
I'm at my happiest when I'm on a movie set. It's like therapy for me.
I never rebelled against my parents - I worked hard, I was responsible, and I didn't go to high-school parties.
If you're fighting with your boyfriend, you can go to the movies and cry it out and leave happy because the ending of the film is happy.
When I was younger, I started taking singing lessons and dance and acting. I just started acting first because that's how everything happened.
I think Christina Aguilera is great; I would love to work with her.
I did say that I wanted to be a young mom, just because my mom was a young mom. It is better because I can be closer to my kids and stuff.
My mom is very close to me, and it has been really cool having a mom that's closer to my age because she can go out with me and stuff.
I've always been interested in singing, and I've always been singing and dancing since I was little.
When I did 'Parent Trap,' I was ten. I was thrown off by the whole fame thing.
I want to interact with my fans, and I want to let people know what I'm doing and stuff like that because I'd want to know.
I would switch roles with Madonna for a day. Or if Audrey Hepburn was still alive, Audrey Hepburn. I love Audrey Hepburn. She's one of my idols, also.
