Actress
Oh, my God, this amazing cool breeze is coming through my window and the sun is shining. I'm happy.
I love to go shopping at Target. They have so much stuff there, you can buy almost anything, it's really amazing.
Solitude has its own very strange beauty to it.
I don't think I'm particularly beautiful at all.
There is no definition of beauty, but when you can see someone's spirit coming through, something unexplainable, that's beautiful to me.
The age I'm at now, you go from being a young girl to suddenly you blossom into a woman. You ripen, you know? And then you start to rot.
Life excites me-just little, normal, everyday things. Getting out of bed. Getting dressed. Making food. I find it all exciting.
I cried on my 18th birthday. I thought 17 was such a nice age. You're young enough to get away with things, but you're old enough, too.
I am scared of becoming a mother.
Sure, my childhood was unusual. All these eccentric, wild people frequented our home: rock stars, drag queens, models, bikers, freaks. But I was not this little rich girl. My mom and I lived in an apartment.
I've sung my whole life. I've taken lots of voice lessons and I love to sing. But I've never really sung professionally at all.
Casey Affleck is a really good friend of mine. I know Casey a lot better than I know Ben, even though Ben and I have worked together a lot.
I think it's healthy for couples to be away from each other for short periods.
I've been spending this last month trying to find four outfits to wear to the different premieres of The Two Towers. It's hard work.
I love observing people.
I don't think a lot of really good films get seen.
I have been working since I was 14, nonstop.
Working with Bernardo Bertolucci was one of the greatest highlights of my whole life. It was such an incredible opportunity for me.
I'm not perfect at all.
When I was pregnant. I exercised and was healthy, but it was also the first time since I was 14 that I wasn't on a diet.
All my boys make me laugh.
I love my dad, although I'm definitely critical of him sometimes, like when his pants are too tight. But I love him so much and I try to be really supportive of him.
