American,Actress
I've said it before, but it's absolutely true: My mother gave me my drive, but my father gave me my dreams. Thanks to him, I could see a future.
Smoking is one of the leading causes of all statistics.
Never stop moving, or you'll stop moving. I go to dance class every morning, and it's just good to stay strong; I like being healthy.
Growing up in Hollywood it seemed like every kid was the child of some star. We had no idea that other people would think we were special, because there was no other lifestyle to compare it to.
I'm so grateful for everything that's happened. I love my work. People have such hurdles - I just wanted to perform, and I wanted my parents to be proud, and they were proud.
Reality is something you rise above.
Anything is possible in this world. I really believe that.
I feel like there's a world of possibilities out there.
No, I mean, I most certainly date and go out.
The regrets of yesterday and the fear of tomorrow can kill you.
Initially, I wanted to be an ice skater, but then when I was 13 I saw Bye Bye Birdie, and that was it - I wanted to be on Broadway.
You have to work hard for it, but first you have to want it, and then you have to dream on it.
I worked very hard, but I think it's unfair to make it all sound like it's all David's fault.
Dream on it. Let your mind take you to places you would like to go, and then think about it and plan it and celebrate the possibilities. And don't listen to anyone who doesn't know how to dream.
But God really did bless me, you know? He really said, All right. Come on. I'm still waiting for you. Get over here. Get over here.
I walk fast. Keep moving. Always be a moving target. Marilyn Monroe taught me that.
First I wanted to be an ice skater, and then I saw 'Bye, Bye Birdie,' and everything changed. I'm glad I learned through the process of theater.
Audiences are the same all over the world, and if you entertain them, they'll respond.
Whenever we were on a plane, we had a family.
And what I liked the most about any project was that when it was good, you had a bunch of people trying to accomplish something together who were all acting together as one - that's the most exciting time for me.
Growing up in Hollywood it seemed like every kid was the child of some star.
I am deeply saddened by the death of my dear friend, Dudley Moore.
I feel like I haven't done my best work yet.
I mean, I inherited the disease of alcoholism, and I learned early to get help when I needed it.
If we had a hard time, my mother would sit me down and we would talk about it, and she kept talking and kept processing until we started to laugh about it.
My mother was an artist and highly strung, whereas my father was much calmer.
In Hollywood now when people die they don't say, 'Did he leave a will?' but 'Did he leave a diary?'
My mother gave me my drive but my father gave me my dreams.
I'm not a very good singer. I just know how to present a song, and honey, I think I've been through enough to do it right.
It was no great tragedy being Judy Garland's daughter. I had tremendously interesting childhood years - except they had little to do with being a child.
I was sitting on my mom's lap across from my father to see Kay Thompson at Ciro's. And I always remember this energy force, this woman flying around the room and singing these harmonies so everyone went, 'Wow!' So I thought, 'That's what I want to do.'
It's like being an athlete; you get into a certain shape where you really have the right wind, because it's all to do with breath. Because singing and dancing at the same time is not easy!
I had no interest in filming. I sometimes went to the studios with my dad, but it was slow-going; it was boring to watch. I always ended up in the rehearsal hall watching the dancing. That's what I liked to do.
Half the time, I feel like I'm 12. And the rest of the time, I feel like I'm 80. So I guess I'm somewhere in between. No, I feel great. I've got my health, and that's the most important thing.
The male gay community seems to be very into female singers. I think it could be the songs we sing. They're more open with their feelings. And they have good taste!
I think that's the greatest gift one can have: point of view. You know? I've come to believe that if you have a bad memory of something, change it.
I've decided that I am totally against jewelry. So I have all fake. There's no reason to have real diamonds. People think it's real anyway.
I thought that making movies was drab. I'd lived through that. And I didn't want to use my parents, ever... They didn't want to push me into this business.
I was given an enormous amount of love by my parents.
Working with Dudley Moore was so hilarious. I don't know how we got anything done because everybody was laughing so hard, but he was such a wonderful man, and he had a kindness and a musicality and a dearness to him that was triumphant.
I don't sing as well as my mother. I'm a good actress. I'm not that good a singer.
Nobody sang better than my mom. That's why I've never even thought of singing for singing sake. I've always thought of a song as an acting piece, as a way to say something.
I think every time you go to do something, it's a challenge. Somebody said to me, 'You've done it all. If you could do anything right now, what would you do?' I said, 'I'd do everything I did better.'
I love finding talent. Just to encourage people is a good thing. Every night, the audience encourages me. I'm just passing it on.
