American,Actress
I get bored easily.
Surround yourself with the right people, and realize your own worth. Honestly, there are enough bad people out there in the world - you don't need to be your own worst enemy.
But little white lies here and there is human nature. Everybody does that.
The image you see of me out in public is really different from who I am in real life.
I feel like girls in general will always worry about the same things, and it's all appearance related. That will always be there. When you grow older, you grow more confident with who you are.
I overanalyze things way too much, to the point where it affects my life. Like, when I'm talking to a boy, I'll overanalyze a text message he sent. And I have to think to myself, 'Just chill out. Some guy sent me a text message. That's all. Don't read something into it that's not there. Just be glad he sent you a text message!'
I don't really believe in cliques - I think everyone can be friends with everyone.
I'm a really good juggler.
I definitely used to lie about my age. I'm from Tennessee and everyone would vacation in Destin, Florida, where there are lots of cute guys. I would go with my older sister and lie about my age to them.
I have always known that I wanted to be a singer and I knew that meant sacrificing some things for my dream. When I am home I hang out with my friends and go to dances, so I try and partake in some of the activities that I miss out on.
I just love the thrill of performing on stage. I believe that singing is something I was put here to do.
My ultimate dream is to become a famous star because I love to sing.
I grew up performing and singing. And acting, the idea of it just sort of fell into my lap. And I was a little hesitant at first, but I was like, 'Okay, I'll try it.'
There were a lot of heads turning when people found out I was doing music and when they found out it was country, they were like, 'What?'
I was sort of in denial about doing country for awhile but I sort of grew up and realized who I was, what I wanted to say. I think country music is the best music in the world and I'm glad to be doing a country album. I hope people will love it as much as I loved making it.
I was lucky enough to grow up in a home where I woke up Christmas morning and had toys. I know that's not the case with all people and I don't think kids should go without experiencing that sort of joy.
The acting part of me is not me. The music side is who I really am and what I want to talk about. It'll be hard for people to differentiate those different sides but I think it's possible. Once the music is out there, people will start to realize how serious I am about it rather than, 'Oh god, another actress making an album.'
I took guitar a while back, and my heart wasn't in it at the time, but I'm ready to try it again. I sing in the car, at home - it's a huge part of my life, especially since I'm from Tennessee.
I'd love to go to fashion week! I'm learning more about designers, thanks to 'Pretty Little Liars' costume designer, Mandi Line.
When I dress up for events, I prefer Marc Jacobs and Dior. But I dream about wearing Chanel one day.
I've never really talked about this, but I would go days without eating. Or maybe I'd have some fruit and then go to the gym for three hours. I knew I had a problem... It was a gradual process but I changed myself.
I love Lady Antebellum and Miranda Lambert - they write from the heart. But it's hard to find a country music lover in L.A. None of my friends really listen to it, and they hate getting in the car with me because I just blast Taylor Swift.
I hated school, but I was a good student. I made straight A's.
I was home schooled, so I never got a yearbook.
I love 'Paranormal Activity' and 'The Exorcist.' 'The Shining' is a great one too, but there's not a lot that scares me. Maybe it's because I know the other side of it, and I know how movies are made, but it takes a lot for me to get freaked out.
I hate flying. I don't like planes. I get really anxious.
