German,Actress
Happiness lies in moments, and while you have it, you're not even aware; only afterwards do you know you were happy.
Some very beautiful things get lost and forgotten. Just as I got lost.
The secret of a long life is to never trust a doctor.
One can be more than once in love - that's the most important thing.
The Oscar is not a curse. The real curse is that once you have an Oscar they think you can do anything.
I always considered myself the world's worst actress.
I had immense ambition to become a really valuable actress.
Take a person like Julia Roberts: she does what she wants.
I know the good from the bad, also the in-between, but I was never political.
For my second and third pictures, I won Academy Awards. Nothing worse could have happened to me.
I should have done more. I did too little of everything.
Once, I was a bigger star than Greta Garbo.
I felt very alone in Hollywood.
I have never had a current state of mind. My mind changes a great deal. I am very affected by any sorrow or sad thing, and I am very affected by joy and beauty.
I admire people who are creative.
I feel best in nature or near nature.
I was very thin, like a boy, and I was very un-sexy.
I remember once Robert Taylor invited me to lunch. I asked him, 'What is your ambition?' He said, 'I want to have 10 very good suits.'
I don't believe in acting. I think that people in life act, but when you are on the stage or, in my case, also on screen, you have to be true.
One of the biggest dangers in Hollywood is becoming typed.
The best imitation in the world is not half as good as a poor original.
I would much rather be a bad Luise Rainer than a second someone else.
In my acting, I have tried to do this - to present to audiences a living creature in whom they can recognise themselves or someone they know.
I was one of the horses of the Louis B. Mayer stable, and I thought the films I was given after my Academy Awards were not worthy.
I am sensitive to life, and somehow acting comes to me. I can't explain it.
I don't believe in anything artificial. I don't believe in makeup.
