Mexican,Actress
I grew up in Nairobi, which is the capital of Kenya, so it's hustle and bustle, and there's always something going on.
Personally, I don't ever want to depend on makeup to feel beautiful.
It's so funny, you go to acting school thinking you're going to learn how to be other people, but really it taught me how to be myself. Because it's in understanding yourself deeply that you can lend yourself to another person's circumstances and another person's experience.
I loved make-believe. I was the child in the cupboard playing with my Barbies.
I discovered that joy is not the negation of pain, but rather acknowledging the presence of pain and feeling happiness in spite of it.
As actors, you become an expert at starting over.
I feel privileged that people are looking up to me, and perhaps a dream will be born because of my presence.
To this day, I love eating steak tacos before going to the red carpets.
It's only when you risk failure that you discover things. When you play it safe, you're not expressing the utmost of your human experience.
I'm pretty awesome at making salad dressings.
We, as human beings, have the capacity for extreme cruelty.
I come from a very close class. I lucked out because drama schools are often very competitive... I have fourteen classmates.
In the madness, you have to find calm.
Human beings have an instinct for freedom.
I always envisioned working in film and in theater. Theater and film are not, they're not in any way substitutable. What I love about theater is so different from what I love about film, and I enjoy the craft of both.
When I was younger, I was almost too afraid to admit that I wanted to be an actor. I didn't know any successful actors in Kenya, so I felt like I could get away with going to college to study film more easily than I could with saying, 'I want to be an actor.' That's what I did.
I thrive on structure. I find my freedom in structure.
I love filmmaking, but I decided to go to drama school because I thought that when I'm 60 and looking back on my life, if acting hadn't been a part of it, I would hate myself.
Home is where my family is.
One of the reasons why I went to the Yale School of Drama is because I felt that I was acting off of instinct, but sometimes that is not reliable. When you're not feeling it, what do you do? So, going to grad school was about getting the tools to just use my instrument to the best of my ability.
My father was a professor of political science and also a young politician fighting for democracy in Kenya, and when things got ugly, he went into political exile in Mexico. Then I moved back to Kenya shortly after I turned one, and I grew up in Kenya.
I spent some time back in Mexico at 16 because my parents thought it would be prudent for me to learn Spanish, because I held a Mexican passport.
My immediate family was always very supportive. It was my own fear of the rest of the world not accepting me, the rest of our society not accepting my wish to be an actor.
All throughout filming '12 Years a Slave,' there was a focus like no other. Everyone took ownership of this film and gave their all.
Drama is my sweet spot, but the thing about being an actor is that you want to do a variety of things. I definitely love fantasy and would want to be in a fantasy project.
Slavery is something that is all too often swept under the carpet. The shame doesn't even belong to us, but we still experience it because we're a part of the African race. If it happened to one, it happened to all. We carry that burden.
Every single laundromat, grocery store, everything is called 'Lupita' in Mexico.
My father used to act in high school. He was in a production of 'Othello;' I don't know who he played, but it wasn't Othello. He would talk about it, though, and read Shakespeare to me.
I always love to learn new things. That's the reason I like being an actor.
The muscles you flex in theater are muscles that you really need. I must always find a way to get back there. It's irreplaceable.
I want to be uncomfortable - acting is uncomfortable.
Ralph Fiennes was a pivotal influence on me. He asked me, 'So what is it you want to do?' I very shyly, timidly admitted that I wanted to be an actor. He sighed, and he said, 'Lupita, only be an actor if you feel there is nothing else in the world you want to do - only do it if you feel you cannot live without acting.'
I'm still trying to get over the fact that my name is being mentioned with people like Brad Pitt.
I'm interested in generating work for myself. I have trouble with this waiting-for-the-phone-to-ring lifestyle, especially after drama school, which was so creatively fulfilling.
I have a very ostrich mentality. I feel like I have my head in the sand so no one can see me.
The Hollywood Film Awards were really stressful. It was the biggest press line I'd ever seen.
What's becoming very obvious to me is that fashion is art.
Growing up, I had really bad skin. I had a skin disorder. Yes, I did. And my mother went to great lengths to try to find something to remedy it. I remember she took a trip to Madagascar and came back with all these alternative, medicinal herbs and stuff. They didn't smell so good, but I think they worked some magic.
Being a part of '12 Years a Slave' has been one of the most profound experiences of my life.
Part of being an artist is that you are always concerned you don't have what it takes. It... keeps us honest.
As human beings, we aren't as individual as we'd like to believe we are. And I think that's what makes acting possible. Despite the fact that I have not experienced something, I have it in my human capacity to imagine it and to put myself in someone else's shoes, and to take someone else's circumstances personally.
As human beings, what makes us able to empathize with people is a connection that is not necessarily understood mentally.
My father was a professor of political science and also a young politician fighting for democracy in Kenya, and when things got ugly, he went into political exile in Mexico.
My mother talked about the stories I used to spin as a child of three, before I started school. I would tell this story about what school I went to and what uniform I wore and who I talked to at lunchtime and what I ate, and my mother was like, 'This girl does not even go to school.'
I had moved back to Kenya after undergrad, and I went through this crisis of, 'What is my life going to be about?'
Steve McQueen is a genius. And I think that word is overused, but I think with Steve it's rightly used. He's a genius.
I definitely intend to create my own work in the future so that we don't have to keep saying, We don't have work for black women.'
I definitely love fantasy and would want to be in a fantasy project.
I grew up in a world where the majority of people were black, so that wasn't the defining quality of anyone. When you're describing someone, you don't start out with 'he's black, he's white.'
There is something about acting that's mysterious and magical because there is only so much I can do to prepare, and then I have to just let go and breathe and believe that it will come through.
I learned at Yale, one of the biggest lessons was to learn how special I am and therefore how totally unspecial I am. I was special among everyone else who was special. The fact that we're all so individual and that's what makes us special.
Makeup isn't something I've worn a lot of in my life.
I went to an all-boys high school, and they accepted girls in only the two A.P. classes.
The first time I cut all my hair off was when I was 19. I just got fed up going to the salon every week. I'd had enough! On a whim, it was off. It's low-maintenance.
