American,Actress
The biggest advice I can give loved ones who are supporting someone navigating a newly diagnosed mental illness is patience, patience, and patience.
It is possible and very common to overcome and manage a mental illness.
I worry that when educational counselors and teachers call in families with concerns about a child having a learning disability, we aren't always looking at the complete picture.
It's great to have female characters that have depth that you can explore instead of being the decoration or the girlfriend or the wife.
I have a good relationship with Lifetime.
My first introduction to television, and really just the business in general, was working with David Lynch, with his incredibly open, creative mind that was not following any rules. I didn't know it, because I hadn't been in the business.
The whole concept of witches was that women were speaking up for themselves and fighting for their rights. The whole concept of witchcraft came into play to hold down women and women's empowerment.
In the same way that our school system feels strongly about requiring vaccinations and annual physicals, I feel strongly that it is essential to add a mental health component to that annual physical.
It's odd to grow up in a gaming town because... we know all of the tricks that are going on behind the scenes.
Everybody loves vampire stories, and if there's one show in particular that's done really well, it just opens the door and the opportunity for more of those kind of stories to get through.
I do love that witches haven't really been explored that much. Usually, witches are the little side character... a bad female character that comes in and leaves.
I really loved 'Witches of Eastwick', the movie with Michelle Pfeiffer and Jack Nicholson and Cher.
Most executives are male, so it's always sort of their vision of stuff. I'm constantly fighting against that even when I play the wife or the girlfriend or the best friend. I always try my hardest to bring as much layering in and not make things stereotypical, but it's hard.
My first introduction to television, and really just the business in general, was working with David Lynch, with his incredibly open, creative mind that was not following any rules.
I think the amazing thing about 'Twin Peaks' was that it completely changed television from that point forward.
I really like supernatural stories, but, to me, 'Witches of East End' is really grounded. It's not just going for the magic tricks and keeping it superficial and action-y.
I know 'Vikings' isn't really based in magic, but it goes back to Old World spirituality and different religions, and a lot of voodoo.
I knew David Lynch going to television was going to be something. It was either going to not work, nobody was going to get it and it would disappear, or it was going to be something special and really stand out.
When I first got to L.A., I thought every person in a limo was a star.
I thought Beverly Hills was a gated community. I always drove around Beverly Hills because I thought that there's a guard that was going to stop me.
I wanted to be ballerina, be in a band, then in drama.
I've paid my dues. It wasn't overnight success. I went to tons of casting calls and auditions... But I've got to give luck some credit.
Usually, witches are the little side character... a bad female character that comes in and leaves.
For the most part, it's a very male-dominated business. Most executives are male, so it's always sort of their vision of stuff. I'm constantly fighting against that, even when I play the wife or the girlfriend or the best friend. I always try my hardest to bring as much layering in and not make things stereotypical, but it's hard.
Once I had left 'Twin Peaks' and started doing other shows and other movies, I kept running into, 'No, no, we can't do it this way. This is the way it has to happen.' I'm like, 'No. I've already done it, and it worked, so I don't understand what you're saying.'
You just have to enjoy what you're doing. You just never know how people are going to receive it.
