American,Actress
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Save a boyfriend for a rainy day - and another, in case it doesn't rain.
A man's kiss is his signature.
If I asked for a cup of coffee, someone would search for the double meaning.
When I'm good, I'm very good. But when I'm bad I'm better.
Sex is emotion in motion.
Keep a diary, and someday it'll keep you.
An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises.
I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
Love conquers all things except poverty and toothache.
All discarded lovers should be given a second chance, but with somebody else.
I'm no model lady. A model's just an imitation of the real thing.
Too much of a good thing can be wonderful.
I didn't discover curves; I only uncovered them.
Right now I think censorship is necessary; the things they're doing and saying in films right now just shouldn't be allowed. There's no dignity anymore and I think that's very important.
I'll try anything once, twice if I like it, three times to make sure.
I never worry about diets. The only carrots that interest me are the number you get in a diamond.
Ten men waiting for me at the door? Send one of them home, I'm tired.
Cultivate your curves - they may be dangerous but they won't be avoided.
It's not what I do, but the way I do it. It's not what I say, but the way I say it.
The score never interested me, only the game.
Those who are easily shocked should be shocked more often.
I believe that it's better to be looked over than it is to be overlooked.
Say what you want about long dresses, but they cover a multitude of shins.
Personally, I like two types of men - domestic and foreign.
To err is human, but it feels divine.
When women go wrong, men go right after them.
She's the kind of girl who climbed the ladder of success wrong by wrong.
Don't keep a man guessing too long - he's sure to find the answer somewhere else.
Personality is the most important thing to an actress's success.
It isn't what I do, but how I do it. It isn't what I say, but how I say it, and how I look when I do it and say it.
Love isn't an emotion or an instinct - it's an art.
A man in the house is worth two in the street.
He who hesitates is a damned fool.
It is better to be looked over than overlooked.
The best way to hold a man is in your arms.
When I'm good I'm very, very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better.
I believe in censorship. I made a fortune out of it.
It ain't no sin if you crack a few laws now and then, just so long as you don't break any.
A hard man is good to find.
It takes two to get one in trouble.
I've been things and seen places.
I enjoyed the courtroom as just another stage but not so amusing as Broadway.
Virtue has its own reward, but no sale at the box office.
I only like two kinds of men, domestic and imported.
Give a man a free hand and he'll run it all over you.
It's hard to be funny when you have to be clean.
Too much of a good thing can be taxing.
One and one is two, and two and two is four, and five will get you ten if you know how to work it.
Every man I meet wants to protect me. I can't figure out what from.
