American,Actress
I think families should vacation together, and cruising is a wonderful option.
Everybody says 'Good Morning' in Harlem because it's true! And that's lovely.
We can be incredibly disconnected in this day and age with computers and cell phones.
Whether you win or not, the night the Oscars are over, the curtain goes down and you go back to the grind. Period.
You know what I miss? I miss myself, that time to just do things for myself.
Reading is a joy for my kids, and to swing in a hammock on a lazy summer day reading a good book just goes with summer.
I do pottery.
I had a science teacher in middle school who inspired me... simply because she acknowledged me and made me feel that what I had to offer was worthy.
In 2005, I had the great honor of playing Shailene Woodley's mother in 'Felicity: An American Girl Adventure.' I was immediately impressed by her work ethic, both on and off set.
I was always the child who wore her emotions on her sleeve.
All those days of waiting on tables until I could get a role on Broadway, all that time going to school taking lessons, and all those years of being a nobody following a dream-and now here it is.
Having a dad in the service was helpful. I was forever meeting new kids, going to new schools, moving to new neighborhoods. I was encouraged when I attended the American School in Germany.
I'm not a big fan of mediocre.
I think in terms of family, in terms of relationships, in terms of work, competition to be the favorite, to be the noticed, to be the one - I don't know if it exists for all personalities, but I know for sure it did with me.
I love it when ugliness is beautiful. I love character flaws.
I'm always a little starstruck anyway. So to work with a movie star, which is Brad, I was excited about that; to work with a movie legend, which is Tony, I wouldn't have passed that up. Just to get to watch him and watch how he works.
In the theater, it's about taking time in a musical segment, a pause in a musical way and then moving on.
You're over there in the corner either thinking about the dead dog or whatever, you're bringing up your personal life and you need the space, and then somebody throws you a joke. Especially if it's an emotional scene, you don't want the joke.
In theater, you have a rehearsal period and you know just who to be.
I'm just a pack mule. I've played leads and I've played character roles. Any actress in Hollywood will tell you as your age climbs, the leads thin.
Everyone thinks offers are always pouring in. Offers have never poured in. Never. I was auditioning a lot, but I didn't get the jobs.
I was always an exhibitionist. I liked it when everyone laughed. But I didn't do plays in high school. I was too nervous.
As a mother, I love the Leapster handheld because it really delivers on educating children while they play. My daughter enjoys it because it's fun and touches on all of the activities she is interested in - videos, books and art.
In Hollywood, a lot of acting feels like grandstanding.
I played Laura Bush in a Tony Kushner piece, and afterward, I think my phones got tapped.
My work often takes me away from my family for long periods of time, so I've really come to appreciate the time I do spend with them.
I think to visualize failure as you're starting off is really a bad thing to do.
I just never wanted to be too much in the background. I always wanted to be a part of things.
I loved playing Anne Bancroft, because she was so wonderfully arch.
Oh, I just love being a character actress. You have a lot of fun, and not only that, you save tons on cosmetic surgery because you never have to have liposuction.
They tell us in magazines and in ads, 'Oh, you should look like this, you should wear this, you should look like this movie star, or you're nothing.' And so we're all totally unsatisfied.
Shakespeare set a lot of his dramas in a historical perspective or war perspective, or he would study what was going on at that time.
You've got to understand what makes the character human.
I've never really liked horror films.
It's hard to balance work and family.
I'm fortunate to have a team of people who help me. I've got an assistant, an office manager, a nanny - she's not full-time, but she's there when I need her.
Harlem is a very family-oriented neighborhood, and it always has been.
It's important that kids learn, but I really don't like all the testing, testing, testing.
I relate to people and roles that are about the arc of human experience, things that everyday people deal with every day.
I love being a mother; I hate being a housewife - the cooking, the laundry - because it takes away time I could be with my kids.
With any tween, you have issues, from what they are going to wear to school, to how do you get them to speak politely, to how regularly they lose their contact lenses.
You have to make sure that you and your child are connecting, and it does help when they are looking directly into your eyes.
The important thing is that when you correct your children, they see what they've done wrong and why you're upset.
I examine other people's characteristics, so when I'm playing characters, I don't always have to make them me; I can transform into others.
It's very hypocritical to constantly say, 'We want to keep our kids close,' then send them home with so much homework that family time becomes nonexistent.
Sometimes in film and television, I don't have the opportunity to play roles that really stretch and challenge me.
I don't think any extremism is rational.
I think irrationality is one of the scariest things in the world.
Anybody who is really walking with the Lord is embracing the foibles and the beauties and the differences of humanity, regardless of race, color, creed, economic stature and sexual proclivity, whatever. You embrace the beauty of humanity and not be exacting and belittling about the differences.
