French,Actress
As a teenager, I didn't want to be me; I wanted to be many different people. Maybe I realized that they all lived inside me and that if I managed to connect with them, they would become aspects of me.
When you are abandoned by two parents as a baby - wow, that is something to live with.
It's pretty refreshing to be in a situation where the spotlight is on someone else.
I don't think you learn how to act. You learn how to use your emotions and feelings.
If I wake up during a dream I can usually go back to sleep and finish the story.
What I like in this job is you can travel to many places, many imaginations.
As an actress I just want to tell beautiful stories.
If you search and search and stop searching, then ultimately you'll find what you need. It is the experience of living.
I am not very good at expressing myself in a simple way so it can create mis-understandings and I hate that.
It was an amazing adventure, it was my dream to be in an American musical... I really hope you are going to love what you are going to see.
Respect the place you live, be aware of the impact that you have on things.
You can't work all your life.
I would love to go into an animal's dream - like a lion's or a cat's. I'm sure that's pretty awesome.
I have a tendency to often share the point of view of the conspiracy theory.
My parents always told me that if you want something, you can do whatever you have to do to get it. As long as it's not against someone else.
The first thing I have to do to erase my French accent is think that it is actually possible, whereas for the moment, I think it's not. I have a lot of work.
When I was little, there were so many people in my house. Everyone was enjoying themselves, rehearsing, having fun. It was like a playground.
My parents definitely sparked something in me. I'm sure of it. I saw how happy and fulfilled they were, and I knew I wanted the same job.
You have to find the place where you abandon everything of yourself. Then you can let something else happen.
I think we're lied to about a number of things.
An artist is maybe not always having a normal life.
I was born in Paris and raised in the suburbs and then lived in the countryside.
It's a paradox to be an actress, living in the city, taking planes all the time, trying to find the right balance in this life, which is not so eco-friendly, and still try to respect the environment.
I think the Earth and everything around it is connected - the sky and the planets and the stars and everything else we see as a mystery.
I think in friendship, you want to be there for your friend, and sometimes you just don't know what to do or the relationship you have with them is not clear enough for you to know what to do.
You don't really see yourself doing things, of course, but you feel.
