American,Actress
It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.
Darling, the legs aren't so beautiful, I just know what to do with them.
Once a woman has forgiven her man, she must not reheat his sins for breakfast.
To be completely woman you need a master, and in him a compass for your life. You need a man you can look up to and respect. If you dethrone him it's no wonder that you are discontented, and discontented women are not loved for long.
I dress for the image. Not for myself, not for the public, not for fashion, not for men.
A king, realizing his incompetence, can either delegate or abdicate his duties. A father can do neither. If only sons could see the paradox, they would understand the dilemma.
There is a gigantic difference between earning a great deal of money and being rich.
Glamour is what I sell, it's my stock in trade.
The weak are more likely to make the strong weak than the strong are likely to make the weak strong.
I am at heart a gentleman.
Courage and grace are a formidable mixture. The only place to see it is in the bullring.
How do you know love is gone? If you said that you would be there at seven and you get there by nine, and he or she has not called the police yet - it's gone.
I love quotations because it is a joy to find thoughts one might have, beautifully expressed with much authority by someone recognized wiser than oneself.
America took me into her bosom when there was no longer a country worthy of the name, but in my heart I am German - German in my soul.
Without tenderness, a man is uninteresting.
Most women set out to try to change a man, and when they have changed him they do not like him.
Sex. In America an obsession. In other parts of the world a fact.
Superstitions are habits rather than beliefs.
I never enjoyed working in a film.
They want you to bring out your intestines.
Grumbling is the death of love.
The average man is more interested in a woman who is interested in him than he is in a woman with beautiful legs.
I had no desire to be an film actress, to always play somebody else, to be always beautiful with somebody constantly straightening out your every eyelash. It was always a big bother to me.
Think twice before burdening a friend with a secret.
When you're dead, you're dead. That's it.
I'm worth more dead than alive. Don't cry for me after I'm gone; cry for me now.
