American,Actress
I'm a sucker for French fries - I love that they're salty!
Every time I see a live performance of something, I'm like, 'I want to be doing that!'
I met the man of my dreams at a gym, and then we got married in Vegas - because we're classy. When you meet at a gym, where else do you get married?
I have two Jack Russell terriers, Harley and Gracie, who I like to go running with in the park.
Being in a recording studio is a very different feel from performing onstage. I mean, obviously, you can't just go in and do what you would do onstage. It reads differently.
You always hear about how women working together will catfight.
Breakups are hard for anybody, and no matter how it happens or ends up, they're just hard.
I've never been so star struck in my life as when I met President Obama and Bill Clinton... and at the same time, no less! I'm not one to be at a loss for words, and that was a moment when I really was speechless. It was a big, big night.
I'd love to do 'Gentlemen Prefer Blondes' again - especially on Broadway.
Theater was a big part of my life from the beginning.
It's every singer's dream to get to Carnegie Hall.
Well, as an actor, at least from my standpoint, I can't not like who I'm playing.
I've been very lucky to work with a lot of amazingly supportive directors.
I have to say, speaking from experience, just because an actor starts out in a role in the workshop, they won't necessarily play it when it goes to Broadway.
I'm a huge holiday person. I love having parties and giving gifts.
Yes, yes, theater in general is just going to always be my first love, performing for a live audience.
As an actress, I learned a long time ago that there is a lot of this business that is just out of my hands. All I can really focus on is going to work every day and doing my best.
The great thing about doing a series about the Broadway community is that the possibilities are endless.
I am constantly on the move, and if I experience foot discomfort, it makes my job really hard to do.
My feet are my foundation, and they should always feel good!
The thing about making a musical is that you can and will be replaceable really quickly.
I'm not one of those people that goes into the movies that are based off of books going, 'I know what this is really about.' I want to go and have a good time.
I look at the people's careers who I want to emulate, like Audra McDonald, Kristin Chenoweth, Bernadette Peters... They've all found the key to longevity in this business, and that is diversifying, doing as many things as possible to keep yourself relevant, and so hopefully I'm on the same track as all those amazing women.
I always thought Broadway's the goal, and then I moved out to L.A. with 'Wicked' and started doing guest-star spots and little recurring things, and I was like, 'Well, this is pretty great; I'm kind of digging this.'
The show tune I can never get out of my head is 'Oh, What A Beautiful Morning' from 'Oklahoma!' I don't know why.
The musical based on my life would most likely be called 'Something Fabulous.' 'Something Fabulous' - that's a great title!
