English,Actress
I just believe that sometimes in life you're like a shark - you have to keep moving through water; otherwise, you'll die.
Most of my cousins are boys, so I'm used to being around boys.
I've never been a social bunny. I thrive on work.
I like to hang out with my friends, go to the theatre, watch DVDs, read, play with my niece.
Working on new projects gives you the opportunity to learn and absorb new things.
Sometimes in life, random things can blind-side you.
I love doing action; I love doing martial arts. There's almost something balletic about it.
Obviously I'm not a violent person; I don't like violence, but I would definitely go into defending myself if the situation arose.
I think it's so important as an actor that you hang on to your own inner compass, because so many people want to guide you - 'This is what you should you be doing'. But I want to do different things.
I've always loved the guitar. You see Jimi Hendrix playing the guitar with his teeth, and OK, you know you're never going to be able to do that, but I always wanted to play an instrument of some sort.
I just don't know anything about jazz, really. I've never really listened to it, but I'd definitely like to discover more about it.
I really like Billie Holiday's husky voice, and I'd definitely like to find out more about her.
'Bionic Woman' changed direction too much from episode to episode, which I think is why it lost momentum.
'Bionic Woman' really enriched my career. It was a big, amazing thing to do.
The whole dream of having your own place is great, but the reality is having to cook and clean yourself and do the washing and make sure there's milk in the fridge. But you have to grow up some time.
When I left EastEnders, I could have earned an absolute fortune from sexy calendars, shoots for lads' mags, fitness videos and reality shows. But I always turned them down.
Soaps are a great springboard for any actor but if you want to be taken seriously, you have to be careful.
All that celebrity stuff isn't me. It's just not acting.
I was bullied. I was a bit of a geek. Good-looking guys were off-limits. I didn't start dating until I was 18.
I was shy and really into my school work and my drama. Then I joined 'EastEnders' at 16, and it was work, work, work. You become very isolated. I rarely went out and so didn't get to meet anyone.
If I wear make-up, then people recognise me, but the rest of the time, no one really bothers.
For me, once I've worked on something and it's finished, it's like an ex-boyfriend: you don't go back to them.
Money doesn't drive me.
Doing the same thing day in, day out. It's just so boring. I like to jump from different things.
I adore water, so it would be a real adventure to visit the Amazon before they chop down all the trees.
When you fight on set, you try to not hurt anybody.
