American,Actress
You want to be honest with a character and play it truthfully, and you want to be genuine with your character.
I've always been a fan of Kate Winslet. She's very classy and a sexy little thing, too.
I love swimming, tennis, and I am taking up golf. I am not serious about it, I just go to the range and practice. Other than that, I enjoy going to the movies and hanging out with my friends.
I don't think it's true that blondes have more fun... Trust me, it is not true!
Always have a backup plan.
I am... stubborn, and I admit it, so it's OK.
I had a normal upbringing and went to public school. If I ever, even for a second, started getting a big head, I was brought back to reality pretty quickly. I was working full time and still had to fight for a cell phone.
Whether you know who Denzel Washington is or you don't, when he walks into the room, you're going to pay attention, because he's just such a powerful man.
My goal in life is to enjoy what I do, and never to look back and say I wish I would have done that, and to go to UCLA, and to become someone great in life!
That is the biggest form of bullying ever, the paparazzi. Printing lies, making accusations, it's just bullying.
My mom and my dad wanted my brother and I to have a better life, you know, better education, better jobs. It was probably harder, much, much harder, for my parents. When you're a kid, you can learn a language much more easily; I learned English in less than a year.
I am very much a creature of habit, and I have no life consistency. None.
I enjoy living life and I enjoy going to different restaurants and eating my way through a country and going to different museums and learning about different cultures.
I'm still a 'Star Trek' fan. You never stop being one.
It's fun working on the set... I usually work about 10 and a half hours a day, and I also study about five of those hours. It can be tiring, but it's fun!
I grew up in the Ukraine 'til I was about 7, and then I moved to L.A.
Teens are dealing with the same problems now in the '90s as they did back in the '70s, the only real difference is the clothes we wear!
My dad heard of a studio on the radio, and it was advertised as a place for kids to meet kids, and it was actually a studio, and that's where I met my manager and agent.
I have an older brother who is 21 and attends UC Berkley.
I definitely hope to attend UCLA in a year, and major in business.
It is difficult because the school I go to, my friends do not attend.
It's not the most normal life in the world, but I screw up plenty of times to be a normal teenager.
I've definitely grown apart from a lot of my friends. Some of them don't understand the schedule, and it's not that I don't want to talk to them, it's that sometimes I am really busy and can't get back to them.
The thing about ballet that I never knew about is that it's one of the most excruciating sports that I've ever been a part of. I say sports because they train constantly, every single day.
I feel like every role you take, there's a part of you that obviously feels like you can do it. I don't know if perfect is the right word because I don't believe in perfection. I don't think it exists.
Sadly, in any industry and in any work-related environment, females always strive to achieve a certain amount of perfection, whether that be skinny or pretty. It's a constant, in our society.
