English,Actress
I wouldn't change a thing about what I've done in the past because what may have been bad choices have all led me to this moment.
I don't know how you would live in the world of Angelina Jolie or Jennifer Aniston and being stalked. It's just brutal.
Anyone who has that weird volition to become an actor probably has a weird volition to do lots of other creative things - to write, to play music, to paint, to cook.
What part of people is resistant to an artist doing more than one thing? Is it somehow perceived as greedy? Anyone who has that weird volition to become an actor probably has a weird volition to do lots of other creative things - to write, to play music, to paint, to cook.
I swear to God, I would marry the first person who asked me, just because it seems so completely impossible that anyone would ask.
People go 'You look a lot like Minnie Driver.' Once I said, 'Thanks, Minnie is a great actress.' But, it blew up in my face. This person said, 'Nah, didn't like the last movie she did.'
Celebrity is a weird appendage, which is useless unless you do something with it.
I like the theater enormously, but I truly love films - the whole bizarre, boring process that it can be.
But I love filmmaking - I'm not ashamed of that. You're sort of vilified if you say that in England.
You do a James Bond film, you're being part of an anachronism, a tradition.
Singing is my dream and, while it may have not been a commercial success, critically I was thrilled with the reception my first album got.
You can never be guaranteed good roles because of an award, but I think your profile and net worth as a performer has to do with awards, unfortunately.
Last year my boyfriend gave me a painting - a very personal one. I really prefer personal gifts or ones made by someone for me. Except diamonds. That's the exception to the rule.
I can set up shop anywhere. I've got my oils, I've got my yoga mat and I'm good to go. I must know good yoga classes in about 25 cities on this planet.
In some movies you feel like you're a very small part of a huge machine. Whereas in the theater you can have a very small part, but you can still feel the weight and the gravity of it. Given the nature of theater, it's a more concentrated and quiet experience.
I really fancy Harrison Ford. I've got to say I think he's really divine. He's, like, an older man, I guess, although he's not really that old, obviously. I don't want to offend him.
I was equally in love with singing and acting from an early age.
I've never felt that I had to take a role in one of those mediocre but hugely budgeted romantic comedies because I want to wear beautiful dresses and have people think I'm pretty and that I get the guy.
I really believe in the characters I play.
I'm fascinated by how much we, as women, have to subjugate and hide ourselves in order to get on in the world.
I've always been pretty nomadic.
I'm never going to be comfortable being squished into a box, and that's why it's been weird in Hollywood, they don't know what to do with me, because I can play the game up to a point, but then I can't at all.
Babies are endlessly fascinating to look at and I'm obsessed about their complete and utter lack of guile.
I want a regular pay cheque.
I've been a musician longer than I've been an actor.
My 20s were a completely and utterly different time in my life.
