Brazilian,Actress
That's the charm of Deadpool. He's charmingly annoying, and he'll be the first to admit that.
I've had long hair, I've had short hair, and I've had in between hair... and its all good.
I love a good road trip. And I have been known to sing cheesy '80s songs at the top of my lungs on a windy road when no one can hear.
Women work as much as men now, if not more. There's a resurgence of dads in the home and moms working.
I have this internal cultural struggle where there's a side of me that is very Brazilian that misses the food and culture, and a side of me that's very American that really loves the structure and predictability here.
I love it when you have a lull in the day and you turn on the TV and a random movie is on that you either have never seen or haven't seen in years. Like 'Coming to America' or 'Misery' or 'Moonstruck.'
Some people have strong opinions about women with short hair. They find it very masculine and severe. Others think it's soft and feminine and makes your features stand out. It can be an Audrey Hepburn kind of thing.
All I think about is my son, my family, and my future family.
You go on a million auditions anyway as an actor, and one out of a hundred, you get. It's a hard life, but you can't really think about it that way.
I'm one of those people who has a toothbrush and toothpaste with me at all times. After lunch, I'll brush my teeth in a restaurant bathroom!
My hair is normally really unkempt - I'll just use my sunglasses like a headband or throw on a felt cloche by Behida Dolic in windy weather.
I can't complain. I'm making a living out of what I do, which is really rare for a lot of actors. The hard part is staying confident and staying with it.
There's really no way to plan how to play an alien.
With a toddler, chilling out is hard to do.
We're all interested in life outside of Earth. We all have a fascination with what's out there because we don't really know.
They have a joy for life in Brazil unlike any country I've ever seen.
The sky above us is something we have very little control of, and the space beyond is something we don't completely understand.
I love 'Modern Family;' I don't exactly watch it when it's on, but I try to catch up on it when I can; it's one of my favorite shows.
My mom was incredibly supportive when she found out that I wanted to be an actress, and that certainly made things easier and more fun.
Brazil has a lot of issues that are similar to a lot of countries in Latin America, but the dominant issue Brazil is dealing with is poverty and political corruption.
Humans have a sense of spontaneity and emotion. We have a dichotomy between grief and happiness.
I feel that I have grown so much as an actor being on 'Homeland.'
I get nervous for any competition. I also get really competitive.
My mother put me on birth control as soon as I told her I wanted to go on it. I was 16. I was very young.
I'm not always up to date on everything that's going on, but I am somewhat informed. I listen to NPR. And I actually watch Fox News, because I believe, if you just listen to the things that agree with you, you're not really seeing anything else.
My mom is an actress, but she never really pushed me into it, and it was never something I thought I would be doing. She was very happy I decided to, but she certainly doesn't offer me criticism because she knows I'd tell her to shut up! Nobody wants to hear that from their mum!
What I say is the only thing I can control.
I understand people are curious, but it doesn't matter. My personal life is my personal life.
You've got to bring your A-game when you're in the same household as a military guy.
I've had some strange fan encounters, that's for sure.
The dream as an actor is being able to bounce back and forth between different things.
There are some roles that are more still and internal and emotional, and others that are more physical, which get you out of your mind for a while.
I grew up in the States, but I go back to Brazil quite often, and a big part of me is very Brazilian, so there's a constant struggle between the two cultures within me. They're very different approaches to life.
I think, in general, this country makes a huge deal about nudity and not a big enough deal about violence. We're allowed to cut people's heads off on shows - but not allowed to show breasts or somebody breastfeeding or whatever. I think it's a big deal in America especially. But I think to each is own.
I certainly am not doing nudity because I think lightly of it - I don't think it's something that one should just jump into without thinking about it.
It's incredibly fun as an actor to get to play different styles and different genres for completely different audiences.
I swim laps, which is nice because I'm weightless in the water.
My dad was a news editor for a Brazilian news station, and they had offices in New York and London.
It's rare that this woman gets to be in a superhero movie and not be the victim.
'Gotham' was something that just popped up for me.
I'd like to think that every job and every step I've taken progressed more and more toward the career that I've wanted to have.
You don't know what love is until you meet your child.
You like to think that you're bigger than your traditions and customs, but they form who you are.
At a certain point, I think, you harden yourself to the realities of the business.
The lamest excuse that I get incessantly is, 'Oh, we're not going ethnic with that role,' so I can't go in for it, or I can't get the part, which is really stupid, because, in today's world, people look different.
Sci-fi fans are a different breed. They are so loyal, it's unbelievable. They've seen every sci-fi thing I've done, and then they started watching 'Homeland' because I was in it.
I feel like I go in on a lot of things that I want to be going in for.
'V' had just been cancelled; I was looking for a job, and the 'Homeland' script came across my desk. I loved it immediately, although I thought it would end up being discovered gradually - a slow-burner, like 'The Wire.'
I'd love to do a comedic film. I'd love to do a very epic Shakespearian film.
I think I'm more the method acting school.
I've done some sitcoms here and there, but nothing long term.
I'm not saying that people should believe in a specific thing or a specific way, but if everyone has the knowledge they need to have, then they can make their own decisions. That's the key thing: to have the information.
I am not that savvy, to be honest. I know what I believe in, and I try to follow people who do the same.
I had a very liberal family.
My mom never cared if I came home dirty from playing outside with my brother. If I got my dress muddy, or my jeans were ripped, or I got blood on something. But I think a lot of girls have a different experience.
My first role was in a Nativity play. My mom was playing Mary, and I was crying backstage, so she brought me out as Baby Jesus.
I grew up in the West Village and went to the New York City Lab School for junior high.
When I was 7, we moved to New York because my dad's job was transferred.
When I first cut my hair short, I was trying for a mix of Mia Farrow and Jean Seberg. The photo I took to my hairdresser was Jean Seberg in Breathless. I said, 'Make me look like this.'
I had the opportunity to wear Hearts On Fire jewelry on the red carpet and just loved the way their diamonds made me look and feel.
The quality and sparkle of Hearts On Fire diamonds is truly unmatched, and I am really excited to represent the brand.
Going from one kid to two kids is insane.
