American,Actress
I'm self-conscious about a lot of things.
I like to make pies. That's kind of my new obsession - peach, blueberry, apple, strawberry. I make a really good pumpkin pie with real pumpkin.
'Homeland' does have that ability to tear the rug out from under you.
I think it's cool to provoke something in people.
I try to miss as little school as possible.
You know how when you read a book and it becomes a movie, and it's different than you pictured? In some ways, acting is a lot like that.
I did some theatre. I had some smaller roles in a couple TV shows and films. I used to think I did a lot of acting, but my 'career' started when I started 'Homeland'.
There are some parts I like about school. I like math a lot, and I like physics.
I grew up kind of in the country, in western Georgia. And then I moved a lot closer to Atlanta, and I started doing plays, and when I started doing film, I think I really started to love it.
I don't like shoes. I get a lot of splinters, though.
On an average day, I have two things to read in my purse: a book and a play.
I take a few pictures a week, but the best part is waiting for my film to be developed. The suspense is exciting, and the reward is great.
I'm not good at Disney acting. I'm really not. I never was on that audition list, which I don't mind. I don't know. I look back, and I'm kind of wiping my forehead at the thought of, 'What if I had gone that route?'
I'm getting more into fashion. I'm surprised that I'm getting into it because I was always wearing goofy stuff in high school.
I know it sounds silly, but in auditions for film or TV, the words aren't as important - you need to get into the character and have the gist of the scene. But in theater, if you don't do it word for word, then you throw off your scene partner.
I like records. My favorite is Simon and Garfunkel.
I tried the Crisco, and I hated it. Hated it! I couldn't roll it out. I'm a butter girl for my pie crusts.
I've always enjoyed searching for clothes. I like thrift stores and vintage stuff, and not so much going to Urban Outfitters. What got me interested is having to choose dresses for the carpet, and doing a lot of shoots with really cool clothes. I've gotten to try on a lot of things that I've liked, and some things that I haven't.
I'm trying to be more put-together. My closets are very messy. I like Rebecca Minkoff; her clothes are casual, but cool. I love Band of Outsiders. And ASOS makes a lot of good stuff. I can get lost on their website for hours. I don't like to spend a lot of money on clothes.
I think it's cool to get to know designers. There is some anxiety, maybe, that after you've met a designer, you want to be loyal to them and wear their clothes. And sometimes it's just not my style. But you have to be honest, and I don't really want to lie.
Red carpets seem so glamorous, but you're really just standing there sweating and worrying your hair is going to fall. And in the end, people are only going to see one picture of you. You just smile for one second and then you walk over to the side and check your phone. It's pretty weird.
I was never good at that Disney/Nickelodeon kind of acting. It's not really my cup of tea.
I get so bummed when I have to return the clothes I'm lent. It's easy to feel so special, but like Cinderella, you lose your shoes.
I like to go swimming, and I like salty hair.
I like to read on the train.
It's so insane to me that this is my actual job, that I get to come to set and do what I enjoy doing and get paid for it.
The person I've worked with most is Morena Baccarin, and from her, I've learned to stand up for your character.
I love both of my parents.
