Indian,Actress
My last conversation with my father was an argument we'd had. When I came to know of his hospitalisation, I'd lost him within seven hours. I still regret the last conversation with him.
I don't believe in doing one thing after another. I am a bit lazy, laid back, and a happy-go-lucky person. I don't fret too much. I enjoy living in the moment. If I have too much, then I get confused and distressed.
I am a very moody person.
'Mahadev' got me most recognition. But I have to say that post 'Kyunki'... I was offered everything under the sun. Being an outsider, who didn't have to work too hard, I was overwhelmed.
I'm not ambitious; it is clear in my choice of work. I am fine doing a few dance shows in a month to run my household and take care of myself.
I got roles from good production houses, though I wasn't keen on them, as I was asked to - and I won't - wear a bikini in a film. I'm not conservative, as I'd wear it on holidays, but definitely not in front of the camera. I have to think of my family.
For me, all days are memorable days.
What people don't realise is that it is the script which plays the most important factor in making or breaking a chemistry.
I have done a lot of reality shows. In fact,my first show was 'Shava Shava', which was a singing reality show.
I have never been stereotyped in one kind of character. I have been a part of reality shows, events, singing and dancing. No one has ever told me, 'She will fit only in this character or this look.' It has never happened to me, luckily.
I would be a very sad person if I didn't have dance in my life. However I can, whatever I do, I just feel a lot of joy. Even if I am sad, if you take me to a rehearsal hall, I will automatically become happy.
I've never planned any of my career moves. Things have just happened, and luckily, they've worked out for the best.
I know that gossip comes with a territory. It's a professional hazard, and while initially, I'd get a little riled, I've now learnt to handle it well. And honestly speaking, it's all very good publicity, isn't it?
I'm a religious, spiritual person, but if there is good in the world, there must be evil, too.
Even on holidays, I wake up early, and by 7 A.M., I am out sightseeing.
I am a foodie at heart and dancer/actress by choice. For me, being fit is a priority.
I still remember how my father used to wake me up at 4 A.M. and make me study. He also used to take me for a walk and then always dropped me to school. I was very disciplined, as my father inculcated those values in me. Now that my father is no more, I understand that you should not take your parents for granted.
Deep down, I'm a small-town girl who has it drilled in her DNA to grow up, marry, have kids, settle down. Maybe I will knock the same theory in my kids' heads, too. I'm also liberal, a political enthusiast, a bookworm, and the least bit ambitious to pull off a soap drama queen act.
When I'm abroad, I burn all my money on Broadway.
I want to write a script, but before that, I am planning to compile a book of short stories.
I'm happiest when I run my home, work, and curl up with a book.
I'm a very aggressive person. I have slapped people when they have tried to grab me or my friends. I have reported people to the cops.
My father always taught me to never be quiet. That's the good thing about a Bengali household.
I am interested in Bollywood. Everyone wants to do bigger and better work. I also want to do good work.
I have always looked for growth, and in TV, you are as good as your last show. So I only care about my personal space, my family, and close friends.
I am a creative person. I like painting, singing, dancing, etc.
