English,Actress
For me, it's not necessarily interesting to play a strong, fearless woman. It's interesting to play a woman who is terrified and then overcomes that fear. It's about the journey. Courage is not the absence of fear, it's overcoming it.
When I wake up on a Sunday morning with a slight hangover, in the gym with no makeup on, that's who Natalie Dormer really is. The girl next door who gets a spot on her forehead occasionally.
I have been to Canada several times. It was autumn when I visited Vancouver, and I will always remember the colour of the trees in British Columbia were stunning.
What makes me really happy is a walk in the English countryside. A nice sunset, that British countryside - it means I'm home.
These are moments in your life to be cherished; they don't come around that often. To be flying around in a 'Game of Thrones' jet, to be greeted by massive enthusiasts.
I don't know if I'm a daredevil, exactly, but I do enjoy a good challenge. It's the only way you grow.
Perfect is very boring, and if you happen to have a different look, that's a celebration of human nature, I think. If we were all symmetrical and perfect, life would be very dull.
It's a writer's or director's role to be cerebral, whereas for an actor it should be a visceral, gut thing. When the action starts, it's best to turn the brain off and let it become an instinctual thing.
I was so excited to work with Ridley Scott. Who wouldn't be?
It's fascinating how much of our sense of attractiveness and feminine identity is bound up in our hair.
I get accused of having a haughty smugness. I have a lopsided mouth. I can't help it. I was born with it. It looks as if I am smirking. I have had my publicist tell me, 'Don't do that smile on the red carpet.' I'm, like, 'That's my smile.'
I'm a bed monster.
I love cycling.
The beauty of 'The Hunger Games' and also 'Game of Thrones,' in fairness, both projects have really complex, three-dimensional, contradictory, strong women... The writing of female characters is extraordinary and equal to the men.
Shaving half my head was a look that meant I could go punkier with my style.
'The Hunger Games' has something for everyone.
Emilia Clarke has beautiful brunette hair.
The most amazing set where I've shot 'Game of Thrones' is definitely Croatia, in Dubrovnik. It's such a stunning country with lots of good watersports there as well. Just a beautiful, beautiful place.
I'm always open to trying out new things.
I've always been a history lover. I've spent a lot of recreational time walking around historical castles and estates, in Britain and Europe, and so I know what the real thing looks like.
Long skirts are annoying; they get in the way.
I'm a quasi-only child. With my brother and sister, I've more of a tendency to be semi-maternal. So, yes, I spent a lot of time talking to myself - I had this big dressing-up box and would just dress up as lots of characters and talk back to myself... Verging on schizophrenia, I suppose, if you analyse it carefully.
I feel like I've really earnt my stripes - I feel ready to play a lead. I would just love to prove I'm good enough to carry a project.
Travel is so important in its capacity to expand the mind. It's exciting to start as young as possible - you get to see how other cultures live, challenge your senses, and try different cuisines.
I'm quite physical. I'm from one of those dog-walking families where hiking up a mountain is meant to be fun.
I think the beauty of the writing of 'Game of Thrones' is not that the characters are fearless; it's how they overcome their fear, you know?
I'm a massive yoga head. Lots of yoga and lots of running. I do Bikram yoga. I adore it.
The Gili Islands gave me some of my best scuba diving experiences, including tons of turtles.
The train system in India is chaotic and fun - it's the best way to see the landscape. Being in with all the families and also being the odd animal is a colourful experience you'll never forget.
I'm a 'Blackadder' girl.
My party trick is that I can get ready to go to the party really quickly. I'm actually a woman that can have a shower, dry and style her hair, do her make-up and get dressed in under an hour.
Make-up is all about shading; it's about tactical application.
I'm a feminist in the true sense of the word. It's about equality.
What I love about 'Mockingjay, Part 1' is that President Coin or Cressida could have easily been played by a man, and if you look at 'Interstellar,' the Anne Hathaway or Jessica Chastain roles would have been men years ago.
I'm glad that cinema is catching up to what television has known for a while: That three-dimensional, complex women get an audience engaged as much as the men.
I've taken my clothes off enough in my career.
I'm a natural blonde!
So many little girls dream about their wedding day. But with actresses, sometimes it's the inverse, because we get to be the centre of attention, looked up and down, dressed up for premieres all the time. The pull isn't quite as great.
We don't have enough young, female antiheroes. We don't accept women as antiheroes the way we do the men.
We live in one of the most complex ages for young, professional women.
I love being part of huge mega blockbusters, and I love being a part of small independent films and small stage.
From my experience of shooting 'Tudors' on the island of Ireland, you cannot predict the weather.
I love going out of my comfort zone - I live to go out of my comfort zone.
I think every actor brings something personal to a role, right?
As a child, I was prancing around in my mother's high heels and a ra-ra skirt, singing 'Material Girl' into my hairbrush.
Madonna is completely down-to-earth. She's an absolute professional.
I meet fascinating people I respect and idolise all the time.
It really bugs me the way people criticise how actors look. We're not models. Models exist.
It's funny how being an actor forces you to do things or go places that you wouldn't ordinarily.
Women have a lot of... attitudes enforced in us about our sense of attractiveness being bound up in long, flowing, Hollywood kind of hair.
I've never been far from the river. I'm sort of like a Thames-nymph.
More often than not, I get cast as quite Machiavellian roles - it's something about my face; I'm quite shifty or something!
My yoga mat comes everywhere. Keeps me stretched out after sitting still on all those planes, trains and road journeys.
Network shows shoot so fast, so you kind of have to just go with your instinct.
I was frequently told at drama school that I was thinking too much. And I still have to suppress that part of me because it can sometimes be a hindrance.
There's a real mischievousness about Irishmen, don't you find?
My role as Ewan McGregor's girlfriend in the film 'Incendiary' ended up on the cutting-room floor, but at least I had two brilliant days of acting with Ewan.
I love poker!
You can think what you like of Madonna - about her political choices and her PR - but you have to respect her courage not to let the critics stop her exploring her potential.
I've been insane from a very early age.
When girls bully, it's very subtle, and you can't define it. At least with boys, the bullying is usually explicit, and you can deal with it. It's psychological with girls.
Kids are very cruel to each other.
I want to keep people guessing.
Sci-fi always runs out a little bit ahead of reality, right? Automatic doors in 'Star Trek,' stuff like that. It all happened, didn't it, finally?
Fashion, historically, is how people make statements about themselves or communicate.
Nothing is taken lightly in 'The Hunger Games.'
I love my camera crews on all my jobs. It's the half of the job that the audience never gets to see. They're integral. They're as much a part of making a movie or television show as I am.
Jennifer Lawrence is just the coolest girl.
To be joining 'The Hunger Games' family is such a thrill. It deserves the hype because it's well written, handles really big subject matter, but doesn't talk down to its audience. And then there's the romance element.
Being seduced by a man on crutches was an interesting experience.
Obviously, you have quieter years than others - you don't go jumping out of a plane every day.
You'd have to be an idiot to say no to 'Hunger Games.'
When you have that long, flowing hair, you feel different - when you cut it, the framing of your face changes immediately.
Everything that I do to my own hair and makeup I learned from professionals.
I think women have always been trying to look healthy. The makeup artists just teach you the quick cheats.
The hair department on 'Game of Thrones' is incredible.
Good style - regardless of fads - means the thing that suits your body.
As an actor, you spend a lot of your life in hotel rooms.
When I turn on the news in Paris, the way Syria is covered is different from the way it is covered in Washington, D.C., or London. Even in Western society, where we hold all the values of democracy and freedom of speech, as soon as you point a camera in a particular direction, there is an angle - literally and figuratively.
It is impossible for human beings not to view something subjectively.
I'm a London girl, so I grew up on Alexander McQueen and Vivienne Westwood... Dior, Chanel, the usual suspects.
Dormer by name, Dormer by nature: I love to sleep.
If there's 'game' in the title, I'm there! Ready to play!
I think we all remember Emma Peel from 'The Avengers,' the feminist icon that she was in the late '60s.
As an actress, as you get older, you find yourself in a situation where you play mothers or women who are hoping to be mothers.
I couldn't pick just one defining breakthrough role. I like to think that they're all a part of me.
There's a part of my heart that forever has Anne Boleyn written on it, who I played in 'The Tudors.'
Privacy is important to me. But it's not just about sticking two fingers up and saying I don't want anyone to know my business. It's an artistic choice. I think that for any actor to convince their audience that they have completely inhabited a character requires a certain level of anonymity.
The world is changing so quickly, and actors now have this huge platform of social media to interact with their audiences, but I choose not to have a social media footprint. I'm old-school like that.
Isn't it lovely to know that even the great Sherlock Holmes, the quirky and genius Sherlock Holmes, is vulnerable to love as we all are?
I screen tested for 'The Tudors' in N.Y. That was my first experience of N.Y., being flown here to screen test with Jonathan Rhys Meyers. So I have very, very fond memories of New York - New York helped give me my first big break.
I've been told that N.Y. in the spring is pretty special.
There was a woman in Elizabeth I's court that happened to have the same family name as me.
I'm very lucky to be in projects that have such skilled writing in them.
I would love to go to the Himalayas and cross over into Nepal to do the Darjeeling Himalayan Railway.
My first time to Rome was when I was backpacking with my best friend around Europe for a month at 18 years old, so I remember that excitement of being away from home properly for the first time.
