British,Actress
Our rights are interconnected and inseparable. When freedom of expression is threatened, the rights to freedom of association and assembly, of thought, conscience and religion, are also compromised.
Artists often become vocal advocates of freedom of expression because we depend on it so heavily in our work. But it is an inalienable right that belongs to everyone on an equal basis.
In real life, too, women love to be that girl who tames the bad boy.
I was shocked when I heard that Farghadani had been sentenced to 12 years and nine months in prison on spurious charges, as Amnesty International notes, of 'spreading propaganda against the system,' 'insulting members of the parliament through paintings' and 'insulting the Supreme Leader' with her cartoon.
When you or your loved ones escape repression, you often find yourself committed to ensuring that freedom prevails.
I feel really connected to antiquity for some reason.
The entertainment industry isn't a line of work encouraged in the Persian culture. When I called my dad to say I wanted to quit medicine, there was about three minutes of silence. I'm not sure he knew what to do with himself!
Generally, I love being part of a project that imparts a positive message, is somehow educational or enlightening, helps to bridge differences, or inspires viewers in some way.
I think a culture can really be elevated through the arts, and it's always a dream come true when I come across roles that enable me to fuse my love of storytelling with my passion for activism and raising social awareness.
When President Hassan Rouhani was elected in Iran in 2013, he welcomed back the far-flung children of Iran. But one by one, they have been arrested and imprisoned upon their return, a fate that has made me increasingly reluctant to risk going back to a homeland I've not seen since 1992.
I retweet Amnesty International tweets a lot. It isn't just, 'This person is incarcerated unjustly.' It's also, 'This person was just released.' Those are the victories we work toward, so if we don't inform people of the victories, it does become doom and gloom.
Belgian chocolate is my weakness. I like over 72 percent cacao, which shows you how much of a dark chocolate snob I am.
Old-school Dire Straits songs are on heavy rotation: 'So Far Away,' 'Romeo and Juliet' and of course 'Sultans of Swing.'
The way we remember people, even their beauty is all so subjective and a matter of perspective.
For me personally, I'm an activist, so I see a lot of turmoil and heartache in the world and tragedy.
We all know in our hearts that forgiveness is the right thing; it's just a matter of being inspired to reach that place.
I do think faith is important when it introduces positivity into your life and you see it with love in your heart because there's so many people who unfortunately use faith for detrimental things or to justify detrimental actions.
How often do we see a Muslim woman who is intelligent and independent, and has a voice of her own and is career-driven, on American TV?
I was always fascinated with science, and being Persian, it's instilled in us at a young age to follow something very academic in our career.
I was very successful, and I graduated with honors. And then I called my dad, who still lives in London, and I said, 'Dad, thanks for college, but I'm going to go act now.' It didn't go over very well.
It's bizarre to be given an award for being empathetic and kind, which is what we all should be.
I always say, as an actress, I get to portray the human condition, but as an activist, I get to change the human condition.
First of all, I'm Middle Eastern; I'm Iranian, so to be playing a leading role in a big Hollywood movie, I think, is possibly one of the first times.
Frances Conroy - brilliant, brilliant actress.
It's nice to see different dimensions of a character. A love interest and family life are always, I think, important in creating layers and textures.
In my role as a spokesperson for Amnesty International U.S.A. and as a supporter of various charitable causes including Unlock Iran, a campaign to release prisoners of conscience in Iran, I have never been faced with the threat of intimidation or arrest.
In a lot of ways, I think television is better for women than film.
Clothes are a big part of a free society, I think, and what you wear is so indicative of the political climate you're living in.
It's been an interesting progression, going from soap to a sitcom with 'How I Met Your Mother' and now being a series regular on 'Homeland.'
I entered the acting world at a time when there was a higher demand for Middle Eastern actors in the post-9/11 world, and yeah, the roles weren't great.
'Homeland' is great at challenging our preconceived ideas.
When you're devoted to a greater freedom in the world, you're willing to compromise something you love.
