Australian,Actress
I find standing and posing for photos very awkward.
You don't have to be naked to be sexy.
I don't really make decisions, I go with the flow.
LIfe has got all those twists and turns. You've got to hold on tight and off you go.
I think that the most difficult thing is allowing yourself to be loved, so receiving the love and feeling like you deserve it is a pretty big struggle. I suppose that's what I've learnt recently, to allow myself to be loved.
It was very natural for me to want to disappear into dark theater, I am really very shy. That is something that people never seem to fully grasp because, when you are an actor, you are meant to be an exhibitionist.
To be honest, I am completely natural. I have nothing in my face or anything. I wear sunscreen, and I don't smoke. I take care of myself and I'm very proud to say that.
I always wanted to get married with just candles! I think candlelight is the most beautiful light there is and there's something very spiritual about it.
I want to go home at night and feel discomfort.
When you relinquish the desire to control your future, you can have more happiness.
I love working with people who are inspired and obsessive.
I auditioned for the role of an angel in the Nativity play at school. I didn't get it. I auditioned for Mary; didn't get it. So I made up the character of the sheep who sat next to Baby Jesus.
I love acting, but it's much more fun taking the kids to the zoo.
Stay out of the sun, because it is the worst thing in terms of aging. I'm very medical. I come from a medical family.
I have a little bit of a belly, a tiny bit of pooch. It's the one thing I don't want to lose. I just like having some softness. If I lose that, then Tom might leave me.
I think it's important that we don't all have to hold our heads high all the time saying everything's fine.
Salary stories are intrusive. Do you ask your neighbour what they earn for their job?
Cinema is a director's medium, so you're saying, 'What do you want?' Being an actor is about adapting - physically and emotionally. If that means you have to look great for it and they can make you look great, then thank you. And if you have to have everything washed away, then I'm willing to do that too.
What's the point of doing something good if nobody's watching.
I wouldn't want to be married to me, but luckily Tom Cruise does.
There's no drugs, no Tom in a dress, no psychiatrists.
You're not anyone in America unless you're on TV.
I refuse to let what happened to me make me bitter.
I'm a woman, a mother, a daughter, a sister. I'm a real person operating in the world. For me to discuss the most private thing feels wrong. It feels like I'm betraying myself and my children.
I just want to be nominated; beggars can't be choosers.
My choices in films are spontaneous.
I have a boy's body. I would prefer to have more curves because I think that's more beautiful. I would much rather have J. Lo's body than mine.
My parents thought it was nice to develop my imagination, but they never seriously thought that anything would ever come of it. They said that I couldn't be an actress because I would be taller than all my leading men, so I thought I would be a writer instead.
I never wore glasses except when I had to read a teleprompter at an awards show or drive, so I didn't notice much. I could exist in my head. It was kind of my escape from the world and my protection.
I was walking around legally blind. Now I have 20-20 vision. I can't believe I spent so many years blurry, but I think that coincides with how I was feeling. Now I notice if people are watching me, but I also smile right back if someone waves, which helps.
People can tell you what to do, but ultimately, we're all going to die, so how do you want to live?
Yippee! I can't believe I made it. It feels like a long haul to get here. I'm so fine with it. People want you to have some sort of breakdown, but I'm relieved to be 40 years old, and I've lived a life.
The loss of a child is the most terrifying place for me to go.
If I were a strategically minded person, I think I would have a far different career.
I got married really fast and really young.
I want to be in places I've never been before.
Part of the reason of being an actor is you like playing other people's lives and exploring all the psychologies in that and the emotions.
I think having my life be as private and quiet as possible is a way in which then I can go and play characters.
I like the privacy of my life and I protect it quite vigilantly.
Not to be too detailed, but I've had an ectopic pregnancy, miscarriages and I've had fertility treatments. I've done all the stuff you can possibly do to try get pregnant.
I'll put it out there: I love getting hugs.
It's very easy to fall in love when things are great, but the way to really fall in love is when things aren't great.
I think when you're in a relationship where you really care for the other person, when they achieve their dreams it's better than when you do yourself.
I would rather be tough on myself than have other people be tough on me.
I'm drawn to the psychology of really interesting, flawed people.
Having your work be the basis of fame, that's a far more stable feeling.
I don't really celebrate fame because I get enough attention.
You can ask me pretty much anything. There'll be things I'll go, 'That feels a little too personal.' But most things I don't have a fear of being asked about.
I was fair-skinned in a country that's about the outdoors.
Even as a child I had a strong relationship with yearning and desire. And loss. Those things spoke to me.
I don't mind being naked.
Once I start putting all my little insecurities in my mind, I'm not actually acting. Then it's about me - and it should never be about me. It should be about the character.
You can still fight when someone can't talk.
