Canadian,Actress
Even though you're growing up, you should never stop having fun.
There's just something about vampires that's sexy. It's the same reason why women go for the bad boy - you want them but you shouldn't have them.
People aren't defined by their relationship. The whole point is being true to yourself and not losing yourself in relationships, whether romances or friendships.
My whole mentality is that I eat what I want within moderation, and I have a little bit of everything. If you deprive yourself, you get moody and unhappy, and you have to enjoy life.
I literally pass out when I see blood.
I mean everybody's got ex-boyfriends and girlfriends. Everybody's got baggage.
When I work out, I feel happy, confident, and accomplished.
Whether it's a bright shoe or a clutch or a lipstick, I've had a lot of fun using color contacts as an accessory.
Every woman wants and needs different things. It's always best when you're honest and you speak up. It's hard to read minds.
I went on a date once with a police officer, unbeknownst to me. I thought he was a regular guy. And when I found out that he was a police officer... I wasn't so into it. I got paranoid that I would illegally cross the street and get a ticket for jay walking.
I like to keep some things to myself, because its called a private life, not public.
Yoga changed my life. Hopefully, it will do that for others.
I think you have to draw from any character and bring it to yourself as much as possible.
When I fly, I never check my bags. I bring a carry-on, an eye pillow, noise-canceling headphones, a big pillow and a blanket.
Girls' weekend with the 'Vampire Diaries' girls has become a big deal! It's our quality time. It's so much fun to unload and not feel guilty complaining or talking about your insecurities or bonding over things that you thought you were on your own about.
I have a flat tummy, but I'm not rock hard. If I'm going to be in a bikini, I'll train more and skip desserts for a couple of weeks. But usually, I work out to feel good.
I've reached a point where I'm comfortable in my own skin, and I do what I need to do, to feel good, but I'm built the way I am. The dancer's feet, the bruises on my legs, they're not going to go away. I think real girls have bruises. Tough chicks get bruised. They get dirty. And they have fun.
I don't like any kind of negativity. I try to be good to everyone, whether it's a love, a friend, an ex. I'll always try to treat people the way I want to be treated.
I'm constantly trying to make myself better, to learn more. I didn't finish college, so I feel like I'm always having to prove myself. I don't want to feel like the smallest person in the room.
Part of life and part of the enjoyment of life is a croissant and a chocolate cake and eggs and milkshakes and oatmeal. There's so many things, you have to learn to appreciate it all. When I don't eat as much as I should, I'm not fun to be around; I'm fussy.
You either have chemistry or you don't, but a lot of what attracts me is a guy's mind and humor and talent. I need to get to know all those things before I fall for someone.
I am a fan of the vampire shows, especially 'True Blood.' I'm obsessed with it. I got to meet the entire cast at Comic-Con and hang out with them. And that was awesome. I basically died and went to heaven.
I read the 'Twilight' books before the movie and the whole craze happened. And then I loved it. I was in love with Edward before every other girl that says she's in love with him was. Because I read them a long time ago shooting a movie in Salt Lake City, and one of Stephenie Meyer's friends said, 'Make sure you read my friend's book.'
I do a lot of yoga. I practice yoga three or four times a week. It's an escape for me.
I've realized skinny isn't necessarily attractive. Guys like girls with curves.
Cole Haan is like high fashion Nike, so you feel like you're wearing Nike shoes, but you're wearing heels. Every time I'm on a red carpet, I always either wear Cole Haan or Stuart Weitzman. You end up having to walk around all night in these heels and you want to be comfortable and not look like you're in pain. It definitely shows in pictures.
I have one mascara that I use religiously, and I refuse to try anything else, and if they discontinued it I would probably cry. Cover Girl lash blast, in the orange tube.
I love yoga because it's very calming for your body and your spirit. It gives you that meditative state, and its 90 minutes where you can get away from the world and just be, and exist in the moment. I need yoga. It's part of my life, and I can't imagine not doing it.
For like everyday, just kind of hanging out, I love flannels. Part of my closet, there's a whole section of flannels because I love them so much. Slouchy, oversized hats and fedoras. I just got these 2 amazing hats that I really love, blue and gold trim with woven material by D&Y. I love D&Y hats.
I want to open my own yoga studio. Planning construction and looking at properties is fun.
Yoga changed my body 100 percent. It tones everything and leans you out. Dancer's pose is amazing. It works every muscle!
Savasana is the easiest and most important yoga move because it's so simple. Lying there is meditative.
I love fashion, and I love clothes, and so collaborating and putting pieces together is a passion that I have.
Comedy is probably a lot harder for me. Maybe it's because I've been doing drama for so long or maybe it's because... you don't want to search for a laugh; you can't try to be funny, you just have to naturally be funny or be in a situation that's funny.
I want to go to Harry Potter Land! I actually should text Emma Watson to see if she can hook us up with a backstage pass or something. That's the perk of doing a movie with Emma called 'The Perks Of Being A Wallflower.'
Wash your face at the end of the night! There's nothing worse than sleeping in makeup. You wake up looking like a painting that's been left out in a rainstorm.
My love can't be purchased... Best gifts have been well-thought-out surprises.
I'd like to try different genres: comedy, period drama, rom-com, action.
I love to try and cook. I'm pretty good, but I'm not saying I'm great.
I have a giant baking book, so I close my eyes and pick a random page. Whatever it is, I try to bake it!
After going to Australia, it's hard to go anywhere after that. I want to move there. I'm obsessed with it.
I've always dreamed of being a 'Burberry Girl', but know it'll never happen, because I'm not British. Still, you can't stop a girl from dreaming. And owning way too many Burberry coats!
I was a rhythmic and athletic gymnast for a little while. Then, when I quit gymnastics, I fell in love with yoga. So sometimes I think I'd like to open up a yoga studio.
When we do get a little time off, I tend to watch movies, go to dinners, and keep it low-key.
The 'Degrassi' producers were very supportive. They sent me flowers when I got 'The Vampire Diaries,' and then as soon as it premiered and got the great numbers that it did, I got another large bouquet of flowers from them.
I'd love to hear what confident, intelligent women in the industry have to say: Rachel McAdams, Carey Mulligan, Angelina Jolie, Kristen Wiig and Tina Fey. I would stand in line all day for that panel.
To be honest with you, I literally don't even know how to style my hair unless I'm doing an event because I rely on hair stylists.
In my day-to-day life, I'm kind of a tomboy. I like being comfortable.
I'm like the female version of George Clooney in 'Up in the Air.' I have to have an eye mask, and Amore Pacific has this cream face mask that's moisturizing. Moisture is so important in the stuffy, dry air on a plane.
I love cheeseburgers and chocolate - milk, not dark, and hot chocolate with marshmallows in the winter!
