American,Actress
The way to bring about change is to be proactive and active.
You cannot live to please everyone else. You have to edify, educate and fulfill your own dreams and destiny, and hope that whatever your art is that you're putting out there, if it's received, great, I respect you for receiving it. If it's not received, great, I respect you for not.
I love working with kids and seeing the light come on when they realize they are smart. It's so beautiful to watch.
I'm not an optimist. I'm a realist. And my reality is that we live in a multifaceted, multicultural world. And maybe once we stop labeling ourselves, then maybe everyone else will.
I am an advocate of education. It is the panacea for all that ails us in our society.
We all have hourglass figures; your sand just settles in different places.
You just keep moving forward and doing what you do and hope that it resonates with people. And if it doesn't, you just keep moving on until you find a project that does.
Christian Louboutin, I love you, but honey, please! But when you have this much weight, you've got to give us a little platform. Sorry! The shoes are stunning though. An ounce of pain, it's worth it.
I think if we give kids a break in education, we would have fewer crimes being committed. If we keep them on track, they know that they have options. It's important for me because, you know, my life would've been different had I not had the education that I had.
It may sound funny, but it's true: I tried to put myself through the 12-step program. I didn't want to attend a real meeting; my role didn't really require that, and I feel those meetings are sort of sacred, and they're anonymous for a reason. I tried to deal with some of my love of snacks - and I relapsed a lot.
Tough love is the hardest to give.
Life is too short, and I need to eat. I am my meanest when I haven't had a meal.
As we women know, there are so many other hurdles that we have to cross that I would love it if we could stop having the race conversation so that we can get women further on. You know, a female president now that we have an African American president. Maybe we can get an Asian female, a gay person?
To be silent is to be passive.
You have to create your own path and I'm up to the challenge.
There is so much art can do to enlighten people, no matter what their views might be. If art can't go there or doesn't elevate the social consciousness in some way, then we are in peril.
When you give kids the tools necessary to change their destiny, it's really empowering.
I just think that you have to believe in yourself and you have to work very hard. You can't ever think that you're the best thing since sliced bread because I promise you, there are going to be Viola Davises and Jessica Chastains and Emma Stones who are the best thing since sliced bread. So take it seriously, but don't take it too seriously.
The hardest thing about writing, for me, is facing the blank page.
I think diversity is something that should be celebrated because it's who we are as a world, and little kids need to be able to turn on the TV and see real-world representations of themselves. It's very important.
I want to be proactive in bringing about change and enlightening people.
If you go through life, and you don't find the beauty in an unexpected place, then you really have a sad existence.
I choose projects that resonate with me on some personal level and projects that I'm afraid to do. If I'm afraid to do them, then I usually say yes, because it means that I'm not ready to go there and deal with certain aspects of the script. And that means that I need to do it, because the things that scare you only make you better and stronger.
As you make your way along life's tumultuous highways, it's important to note that you should always carry a map, have plenty of fuel in the tank, and take frequent rest stops.
I think my role, I want to have a presence both behind the scenes and in front of the camera. So I can't say on one particular thing, so I'll just name them all. I'll be the jack of all trades and hopefully decent at one of them.
I have tried every diet to lose weight. When you restrict yourself, you're setting yourself up for failure.
The fact that women are very young in obtaining their civil rights and African-Americans are young in obtaining their civil rights, I think it's about time that we extend that to all Americans, whether straight, gay, purple, green, black, brown.
I was always a closet lover of acting. My mom was very practical. She never, ever restricted our dreams, always told us we could do or be anything. Then I said, 'Maybe I want to be an actor'. And she said, 'Maybe not that'.
I'll say that I don't think you can throw a stone and not come in contact with someone who knows someone or has problems with substance abuse.
I'm a woman who eventually will get married and have kids - adopted at this point - but I see myself with a family and less time to commit to wanting to be a lead character.
It's been pretty effortless with Sensa because I am not thinking about how long do I need to do this. Usually, when you stop a diet program, you lose control again. But I don't need to stop what I'm doing. I'm eating everything that I like. Sensa just helps me keep it all in check.
When you see results, you start to wonder, 'What would happen if I had oatmeal instead of sausage for breakfast?' You start to eat better because you feel better.
People think that I have this wonderful hourglass figure, but I owe that to designer Tadashi Shoji because he cuts for me really well.
The college years are when you sow all your wild oats and become a vampire. By 40, you've lived it up. At least, you hope.
I've seen too many sunrises, as far as the walk of shame, staying out too late doing very bad things.
City Year resonated with me because when I grew up, we were poor - and an education is a way out of poverty. It's a way out of the current situation that can seem isolating and hopeless for some kids.
If you tell me I can't eat something, I'll obsess over it and end up overeating!
My weight has always been a struggle for me.
I know I'm never going to be one of those size 2 actresses - that's just not me. But I do want to be the healthiest I can be, and a role model to women of all shapes and sizes.
I think success happens when it's supposed to and when you can appreciate it. I am grateful that it didn't happen for me at 22 or 23. I would've been foolish enough to think that we're all entitled to it, instead of it being the divine blessing that it is.
The mentality of how we treat one another needs to be examined - especially how we treat our men of color.
As a kid, I was always very thin, and I kind of didn't know that I was skinny.
I gravitate to whatever looks good on me and whatever maakes me feel sexy.
I should be married and have 19 kids. And now I'm thinking my eggs are dying on the shelf. They're going to go past their expiration date. But it's what I chose, so I'm fine with that decision.
Be happy in your own skin.
I feel for the overly thin women as I do for the overweight women.
If more women ate, they would be a lot happier. Let me tell you, I am a lot grumpier when I don't eat.
I'm reading today because of 'Encyclopedia Brown.'
I wanted to write about the things that I love.
I am not maternal at all. I don't have any kids.
I don't think there will ever be a time I don't write, and I hope there will never be a time I don't act.
When we don't have all the details about our characters, we have to make it up to fill in all the details. So, for me, writing and acting go hand in hand.
I like to read, even though it was really tough, because I could go anywhere in the world in a book, and I could have so many adventures in a book.
My mom always told me I could do or be anything I dared to dream, and I always wanted to work in the movie industry.
I literally don't think about Oscar.
I'm thrilled I got to work with James Ponsoldt, who is going to make his mark on this industry.
I'm one of those people if you ask, 'What's your favourite song?' I'm going to give you five. I don't have just one favourite.
I probably wanted to be Pam Grier growing up.
You would not believe that Paula Patton and I have the same trainer.
I am not trying to conform to an unrealistic model of beauty. I am, however, being proactive in being the healthiest I can be.
The pace of television is very different from film.
I will live in TV Land watching 'Columbo.' I also like my 'Forensic Files,' all of that true crime.
My life is exactly the way it needs to be.
Let me tell you, my career went from zero to 900. Its hard keeping up with that pace, but I wouldn't trade it for anything else in the world.
My idea of success is not Oscars. Am I glad I have that little trinket? Yes, I am. But it depends on how you define success. The minute I got my first professional cheque from Joel Schumacher, I was successful. Somebody's paying me to act!
Being a part of a large family is just like a little society: those who fight to the top of the heap. We relied on each other and still do. They never discouraged me or told me to get a proper job.
There are so few roles out there. And even if it is a film that could be led by a black actress, how many times is that film going to get funded? Let's just be real. But it's not just black people. It's Asians, it's Hispanic people if you're not Salma Hayek. It's hard. It's hard to get films funded.
Will Smith would not be Worldwide Will Smith if he had not insisted on going worldwide and touring with his films. You have to build that audience for people and allow for it to happen.
Hollywood is strange in and of itself. People dress up and pretend to be other people, and you can either make millions of dollars, or no money. It's odd.
It baffles me that everything is so homogenized, because the world isn't, and yet we continue to support things that are so incredibly milquetoast.
I have a great team at WME.
I gravitate to the roles, not necessarily television or film. It's just the fact that, for me, the most interesting roles have been in television.
Every day that I live, I try to find the beauty in things.
My hat's off to Shonda Rhimes.
'Grey's Anatomy' is a very culturally diverse show.
No person is just one particular emotion.
Angry or not. It's a human emotion. But you can't walk around being angry all the time. What a dull person you'd have to be!
If you come out of the gate with a finger pointed, then you really aren't opening the door to any sort of resolution to whatever the problem may be. Whether it's about race or sexual orientation or religion, if you can't empathize with the opposing party, then you can't really meet in the middle.
I was an intern on a film called 'The Long Walk Home.'
If a little black girl in Montgomery, Alabama, or some far-reaching region sees something that I do and aspires to do it one day with the knowledge that she can achieve it, then hey, my work is done.
It was never easy being Cicely Tyson. And it will not be easy being Octavia or Viola Davis.
There are so many more women and men who deserve opportunities. People of color. Period.
I think the paradigm is shifting with regard to women and what we bring to the industry. I feel very blessed.
If a great role comes along, and you are too tall to play it, then I think the role is too small for your talents.
Your parents only want what's best for you. They know a career in the arts usually means living paycheck to paycheck; they just want you to know that you have other options!
Needless to say, I would have loved to have been a black belt instead of actually just wearing one to hold up my pants!
I have to lead a very small life in terms of what people think 'Hollywood' is. It's a full life for me, but I'm not jetting across the world. But life is good.
The thing about the South is we accept our history. We don't push it under the rug.
There is racism all over the United States. Most Southerners I know, we definitely find ourselves defending our heritage.
When my car broke down in L.A., nobody stopped. They just kept whizzing by.
What's so great about DreamWorks is that it's run by filmmakers who believe that if it's not broke, don't fix it.
The worst is when I know I'm going to have to cry in a scene.
Auditions make me nervous; any time I have to perform, I get stage fright.
I'm excited that I get to do what I love, and I'm benefiting through projects that speak to me.
You have to get out of your comfort zone in order to grow. And as an actor, you don't become Meryl Streep by doing the same type of comedy. You get there by being challenged. And unfortunately, there's a lack of roles for women of color, so you actually have to be the engineer creating some of those roles.
We always think that we're going to be young forever, and now when I wake up, I need to stretch, and I need to have my glass of water and be cognizant of what I'm doing with my body.
My family supported me before any of this crazy notion of moving out to Hollywood and staking my claim. That support has never waned.
There are fewer and fewer roles that I haven't done already, or archetypes that I haven't played, and to break out of that box, the most interesting stuff is television.
The most I like about cooking is eating what someone else has cooked.
The misperception about the South is that everybody is racist, and all black people are victims, that what was prevalent in the '60s is only relegated to the South.
The statement that I made and that I think I will continue to make is that racism and bigotry isn't just relegated to the Southern region; it permeates the history of our nation. It's not to say that we haven't made progress. Obviously we have with our first African American president, and I never thought that would happen in my lifetime.
There's so much bigotry that needs to be overcome.
I'm definitely neurotic. I don't cross streets and stuff.
Yes, you want to do studio movies, but I also want to grow as an actor, and an actress like me is not going to get roles where you grow and evolve in a studio film. It's just not gonna happen.
Women drive box office.
People want to see more diversity. That's why you have the Kevin Hart making $17 million dollars on a holiday weekend.
People want to see something that isn't necessarily somebody walking around in a superhero costume.
Do I feel that white directors have to tell only white stories? No. Do I feel that black filmmakers should only tell stories about black people? No. If we say that, then that means Asian people cannot write about anybody but Asians. I don't think a woman should only write about women.
