American,Actress
I am thankful for all the blessings and talents I have been given, but most of all I am thankful for my loving and supportive family.
I'm a huge 'Call of Duty' fan, 'Minecraft' and all those kinds of video games. I'm constantly playing video games every day.
One year, I was a go-go girl for Halloween, and I got all this glitter eye shadow, my hair was poufy with braids, I was wearing all these different colors and fake eyelashes that went all the way up to my eyebrows. I totally enjoy the whole Halloween feel.
I think people would be most surprised to know that I love scary movies.
I have an obsession with Milk Duds. Eating them tastes like heaven.
I would love to work with Reese Witherspoon.
My style is very simple, but I love Reese Witherspoon, Kate Hudson and Kate Middleton.
The 'Kickin' It' set is so much fun, I find myself in a new adventure every week. I work with an amazing cast and crew.
I would love to learn how to dance. I can pick up choreography pretty well. But when you're dancing with your friends, I can't do that. I'm not a freestyler. It just doesn't come naturally to me. Clapping is my go-to dance.
Working with Disney is really and truly like working with a family. Everyone is so supportive and so wonderful. I've worked with Disney since I was twelve, and they've given me so many opportunities that I'll forever be grateful for.
What's great about working on a sitcom is that I spend so much time with people who are in other fields as well, such as writing, directing, and/or camera operating. Being on set is like being on a playground. I go from one thing to the next, and I've learned so much and hope to continue learning.
I would definitely trade clothes with Lucy Hale. Her fashion sense is right on point, and I feel like she's never afraid to take risks with her clothes.
I feel like something I've wanted to do for a really long time, in a feature film or anything, is playing a rocker. Somewhere where I can be on a stage and have a guitar or a microphone and just kind of jam out.
My family loves to take me out, and we do regular things like go to the movies. My friends do that as well. At the same time, I love work and I want to be busy all the time!
Ever since I was really little, I loved performing and being up on stage, and being the entertainment.
I think that it's really incredible, growing up and being able to have all these people who really look up to the work that I do. It's really cool that I have such awesome fans, and I can't thank them enough. I get on my Twitter and Facebook every day, and I see such awesome things.
I'm all about scary movies! The 'Halloweentown' ones are my absolute favorites.
I want to be able to make people laugh and cry and feel happy or sad and feel all these different emotions through singing and acting. Hopefully throughout my career, I'll get to pursue them.
I was involved in a bunch of school activities - I was a cheerleader, I was on the chess team, I was vice president of my class.
I watched the Disney Channel all the time growing up. 'Lizzie McGuire' was my all-time favorite. I'm pretty sure I had every piece of merchandise that involved Lizzie. And I loved 'That's So Raven.'
