South Korean,Actress
Less make-up is better, and it's always better to let your natural beauty shine. Essentially, be happy with your appearance.
Many fans were surprised when they learned that the little girl in drama 'Stairway To Heaven' was me.
While make-up helps to enhance one's features, too much of it tends to hide a person's features.
Of course I have had a boyfriend. However, I was way too busy while taking care of myself, and I could not show a better care for my boyfriend. I found myself getting more and more egocentric, and I was not a good girlfriend at all.
If somebody has too much stress about their appearance, they can overcome their inferiority complex through surgery.
I don't think badly of or oppose having plastic surgery. I once seriously thought of it, but I decided to take my appearance as it is.
I am not a slim person, so I regularly exercise to be healthy mentally and physically.
Due to my hectic work schedule, I hardly have enough sleep, and my skin tends to look dull. Facial masks are my savior, as it helps to brighten and hydrate my skin.
I used to like humorous people in the past, but these days, I like serious people more.
Quite many people have ugly hands, and I thought I should not feel ashamed about it.
I was going to finish my university degree after finishing 'The Tailors,' but 'Pinocchio' made me to take another semester off.
When I was younger, I wanted to marry early, like at 23. Year by year, I found things I wanted to do, and the thought of marriage disappeared. But I don't want to marry too late. Around 31?
My face is not perfect. Because my nose is not sharp, many people suggested I should get my nose done.
I want to marry after traveling alone, meeting many people, and experiencing a variety of things, and when I'm certain I can be responsible of myself.
Jung Yong-hwa and I know so much about each other, I think it would be difficult for us to start a romantic relationship.
I wanted to get some nose job, because I don't like how my nose tip looks. My hand is also not as pretty, especially my thumb nails. Many people told me that I have ugly hands.
In the past, I used to tell everyone that I have never had a boyfriend, because I was still quite young. However, I cannot say the same thing now.
I cannot believe that 'Pinocchio' is over yet, and I always think about so many great memories that I made while playing in the drama.
I actually felt like I was starting a new career as a news reporter while playing in 'Pinocchio.'
Unlike my previous roles, which portrayed girls who are supportive and loving, Hye-jung is a cold loner who doesn't know how to love.
