American,Actress
You had to learn at a certain age what sarcasm is, you know?
I wasn't like a girly girl. I was a tomboy.
I have a good support system of friends and family.
If you're not having a good time, find something else that gives you some joy in life.
I have a grandson who is 20. He's a computer guy. I'm worried that he can't communicate without his machine. They have no personal contact with people. That's the bad part of technology.
I would much rather feel comfortable and feel beautiful, than to feel uncomfortable, but look fantastic.
It's better for me to go up against someone's passion with my passion and then clarifying something that he wrote. Then I know how to work around certain things.
I live in L.A., so I go to basketball games. But I love baseball.
I don't mind if somebody texts me but I'm not a big texter, the things are too small. I don't mind if they text, '7 o'clock,' that's fine, that's logistics but, 'What's up?' Get real! Pick up a phone!
I tell stories so only the independents do that and they don't pay you that much. I'd rather do TV or an HBO movie.
I wish I could sing better.
In my opinion, life is more important than show business.
My family is well, and that's what's important.
I think everyone's mother is slightly nuts.
I was born and raised in the Bronx and my grandfather and my brother Garry were huge Yankees fans. One of my first memories is of them listening to a game on the radio and screaming at the radio. My brother would cry when they lost, and when I was really little, I didn't know why he was crying.
We all used to collect baseball cards that came with bubble gum. You could never get the smell of gum off your cards, but you kept your Yankees cards pristine.
Yankee Stadium was the only thing we had in the Bronx. It was an institution.
The truth is that I am not a frump... I just enjoy being laid back.
People who text a lot are not my favorite thing.
I have a strange combination of fearlessness and massive insecurity.
Once I commit to something, I complete it. If I say 'no,' I mean 'no.' I just have to learn how to say 'no' more.
I like arts and crafts.
I'm not a hockey fan. I'm not a golf fan.
I have season tickets to the Lakers and the Clippers.
When I'm working, I'm obsessively working.
I'm not the most positive person.
