British,Actress
In L.A., unless you've just won an Oscar or you're Mr. Studio Head, no one talks to you. Even at parties.
Botox should be banned for actors, as steroids are for sportsmen. Acting is all about expression; why would you want to iron out a frown?
You would never say to a man, 'do you like playing strong men?' You just wouldn't say that.
My real fantasy if I was to drop out would be to live in a mobile home and be a hippie and drive around festivals and have millions of children - children with dreadlocks and nose rings - and play the flute.
Oh yah, I'm definitely an old rocker.
I'm a storyteller, I'm an actor, an entertainer.
You have your real life and then you have your work.
People still kill in the name of religion. We haven't evolved to the point where we're one tribe called humans.
As a child I was the best tree climber in our neighbourhood, I was like a little monkey. I've never been afraid of hurting myself or a little physical discomfort.
If I went out in killer heels and full makeup, blow dry, the whole thing - anyone dressed up like that could be intimidating to men and women, really. It's so, look at me. Do you know what I mean? But I love women.
I'm slightly unsure as to what my goal is. I just keep doing jobs.
I find Hollywood really toxic.
I have absolutely no empathy for camels. I didn't care for being abused in the Middle East by those horrible, horrible, horrible creatures. They don't like people. It's not at all like the relationship between horses and humans.
As Ralph's character begins to discover the political thriller aspect of the film, he falls deeper in love with his wife, so the two run together. That's the beauty of this film. It has fast pace and excitement, but it also has heart and soul.
I don't believe your soul mate has to share your politics.
I moved to New York last year and I love it. It's a huge change and I've always wanted to spend time there. It's like a more intense London, and everything's up a few notches. The lights are brighter, the pace is faster and the food's better.
I prefer being as far from the centre of celebrity as possible.
I think actors have a choice of drawing attention to themselves or living on the outskirts.
I think London's sexy because it's so full of eccentrics.
I was advised by an American agent when I was about 19 to change my surname.
I've always been fascinated by activists, people who will devote their life to a cause, people who go to India and to Africa and put their life in jeopardy to do what they believe is right.
If I'm just in dungarees, I don't think I would intimidate anyone.
It is a political thriller. It's very action packed and it's very exciting, but at the same time it's a very big soulful love story about longing and loss. They're not separate, they're completely dependent on one another.
It's also that comedians don't have the kind of narcissism that actors have. They're writers who perform their own material. It's more interesting. And they're sexy because they risk more. Stand-up comedians risk more than anyone.
L.A. makes you feel ugly.
That was me under the bath and the water being held down. The director wanted it to look as real as possible so he told Keanu, in front of me, don't go easy on her. So it was scary.
In real life, I'm polite and nice all the time. It's fun to play people who aren't. It's escapism.
I'll say anything to live.
I've done a lot of drama, and comedy was the one genre I was not being offered. So I became obsessive about getting one.
I think things are funny when the character is taking it totally seriously.
I wasn't a big star in the school plays or anything.
I was an English-literature major, and that's all about stories and narratives.
Because I think in order to get famous you have to be known for something. Like 'You're the romantic comedy girl' or 'You're the Oscar-winning whatever girl.'
I am definitely a worrier.
I don't think balance is something you get from someone else; it's something women have to find from within. For me, finding balance is still a work in progress.
You get perspective on things when you're away from your child, and in a way, your love for them becomes even deeper.
As an actress, it's part of your job to be able to imagine just about anything - even if it's not within your personal experience.
I always do my interviews face to face.
I feel like I'm one of the many working mothers. And I only have one child. I know working mums who have three or four. It's definitely a challenge but it's a wonderful challenge to be able to do both.
For me, being a mum has been a really, really instinctive thing.
When people think of performing they usually think of show-offs, but I think of it more that you disappear into somebody else.
I do read movie blogs. I think what's really interesting - Probably everyone says this, but what's interesting is it, it takes away the power, from the newspaper magnates, so be it Murdoch or whatever. I mean, it's like the people taking it back. Isn't it?
I'm too disorganized.
I don't know anything about science.
I love to take baths.
