American,Actress
Keep looking up! I learn from the past, dream about the future and look up. There's nothing like a beautiful sunset to end a healthy day.
I spend a lot of time in prayer. God doesn't always show up on my time, but he always shows up!
When I'm traveling, I always look for a dance studio. It's a great workout and a wonderful way to meet new friends in the community.
I grew up in a house my parents built together on a mountain in Tennessee. When we moved in, the walls were still going up, we didn't have hot water, and we turned it into an amazing adventure.
I love the simplicity and freedom of running. A pair of shoes, and you are all set to explore new trails.
Being surrounded by love and people that care about your heart is the dream. That's what I would like on my last day.
I play guitar, the ukulele and the piano. I grew up on a mountain in Tennessee, and we had 'The Mountain Opry,' where anyone could just get up on stage to perform. It was just about the soul and heart of music. My upbringing was less about being great and more about just doing what you love. It was always for joy.
My 93-year-old grandma is a beautiful example of healthy living. She laughs a lot and always says, 'Just be yourself!' She also eats dessert every single day.
I kept listening to albums where I'd hear this very joyful sound - and it was always the glockenspiel. Then I ordered one online, and I figured out how to play it.
Growing up on a mountain in Tennessee, I spent most of my childhood outside.
My dad is an engineer and works on green energy, so I'm very aware of what it takes to keep a modern home running and how we can simplify.
In Los Angeles, I drive a hybrid and live in a very simple home. Anything you do from carrying a canteen of water to starting a recycling program in your office makes a difference. Reusing what you already have has always been green - from clothes to boxes to glass jars from the supermarket.
I grew up hiking and horseback riding in Tennessee, so I love being outside. I will joyfully run 12 miles, but I'm not very good at boot camps. When they start yelling, I start laughing.
I go on walks during lunch breaks and travel with a fold-up yoga mat. I also love reading by candlelight at night.
I moved from a mountain with one traffic light to New York City when I was 17, and it was an amazing, eye opening, creative adventure. I would walk through the streets of Manhattan looking up at these huge buildings, amazed that I didn't know a single person in any of them.
