Indian,Actress
For me, fitness is not just about hitting the gym; it is also about an inner happiness and an overall well-being.
Fitness starts at home. What you eat is what you will look, just as what you sow is what you reap. Eat good food: eat fruits, vegetables, healthy grains, and don't go for sweet and trite food.
I believe in hard work, not luck factor. The best efforts will reap the best fruits. Nobody can take all the credit. We don't even talk about the efforts of the director, the writers, other technicians, etc. They all together take a film to another level.
For newcomers, modelling is like a stepping stone to acting. The exposure and experience in modelling helps... But for acting, we have to show a lot of hard work and dedication towards it.
A lot of hard work goes into making a film. It's not all fun time, as people tend to think. There are always stereotypes attached to every profession, but I found out this industry breaks them all.
I don't get tired of my work because you can't get tired of something you love and enjoy! But, having said that, I wish to get a break of four to five days, or at least three days, switch off my cell phone, and do what I want to.
Girls shouldn't drink because their bodies are not made for drinking and smoking.
If the girl is good looking and talented, and for some reason the film doesn't work, she gets a second chance. But if subsequent films don't work, she gets branded as an 'iron leg.' The whole thing gets negative.
I am not looking for a life partner right now. But if I've to list out the requirements, I have a huge list. But the first requirement is he should be tall and should be taller than me; even I wear heels.
I didn't comment on any actress, and I have never compared myself with any senior actresses. Moreover, I have said many times that I have learnt a lot from my seniors. Don't spread rumours and false news about me.
I've seen 'Legend'. I like a different kind of cinema, but when done with conviction, anything looks good.
When I am going out, I am in ponytail, jeans, tees. I am just like any girl-next-door. Beauty is not external; it's internal. When you are a happy soul, you would be beautiful any time.
I love being in Hyderabad, as I never get bored like I do in Mumbai.
A stylist understands our body language; they know what works and what doesn't. I'm happy this concept has caught on in the South film industry.
I don't know whether they will give me a project just because I am cooperative and behave nicely, but it really helps. I never demand for anything or never throw tantrums at work.
I've been to Chennai several times for modelling shows and shooting ad films. It's a great place to come back to because the people are warm and welcoming. I've never had the opportunity to actually see the city, but whatever places I've been to have really caught my attention.
I am blessed to have worked in big-budget films at an early stage of my career.
Reviewers are entitled to say if they liked the screenplay, performance, and execution of a film or not. But when they say things like the film doesn't cater to a certain audience, it leaves people wondering if they should watch it.
Everyone gets a raise when they do well. No one asked me what I got for my initial films. There was a time I got paid Rs. 6 lakh. I charge what producers are willing to pay me.
In 10 months, I was replaced from three films. That's when I realised I need to take my work seriously. It's a blessing I didn't get things easy. If I had, I wouldn't realise the value of success.
Speaking in broken Telugu is one thing, and dubbing is another.
A newcomer needs to be careful as to what kind of role they choose. If you choose something different, you will end up getting typecast. That's why I chose to play a character my age, to keep my options open for the future.
Hindi film and southern film industries are doing well when it comes to technical know how. By and large, they are pretty similar and are close knit industries.
Before I came to Bollywood, lot of people told me that here things are not very professional, but I've had no such experience.
If I wasn't an actress, I'd never wear make up. I liked being ready in half an hour and arrive on the sets. Even for a no-makeup look, if one has a dark under-eye on a particular day, a little makeup is used. I had no scope for that as well.
Boyapati is one of the few directors who can pull off a masala film like 'Sarrainodu'.
Beauty pageants work as a platform from where you can reach out to many.
I'm greedy for work, and at times, I wish a month had more days, or the day had more number of hours, so that I could work more. I'm happy to be busy.
I'm lucky to be getting a lot of good work in Tollywood. And I won't say I'm choosy, but of course, you have to select the best, and I'm trying to grab as many good films as I can. There was a time when I had to let go of some films which I regret now.
My mother often tells me not to drive back home late in the night. But like all youngsters, I suggest that there is nothing to worry. I tell her I have my driver, I have my security.
My father will never say no to a character, as I never go to him and talk about a character for which he won't give the nod.
It's wrong to say that there is no performance in a glamorous role. Even a glam role takes in a lot of effort. There is a fine line between being glamorous and being vulgar; you have to feel comfortable in what you wear.
I don't take it very seriously. You shouldn't let your success get to your head or failure get to your heart. This is most commonly said. But people don't really practise it. I don't see myself as a celebrity; it has not sunk in. I just see myself as someone doing a nine-to-six job like a techie.
If I am meant to do a Bollywood film, I will get it. If not, I won't. I really don't differentiate between industries. As long as I get roles that give me a high, I enjoy it.
There's competition at every phase of your life. The day we start thinking about it, you lose your peace of mind. I don't compete with anyone.
I personally do not drink. To drink or not to is one's own choice. So long as it doesn't affect others, it is okay.
We are in a world where men and women are on the same platform.
I love to play golf and watch movies in Tamil and Telugu whenever I get time.
When I heard the script of 'Loukyam,' I was laughing, as it was such a laugh riot. So all this made me sign the film.
I have an interest in languages and make an effort to learn.
I did the Kannada film when just out of school. I didn't know anything about the South Indian film industry at that time, and I did the film to earn some pocket money. I realised then I like acting.
I was a national level golf player. I gave up golf after a while when I wanted to model, as I would tan while playing it. I love watching movies and hanging out with my friends in Delhi.
Growth is a sub-conscious activity, and I learnt a lot in this course, and I'm always open to learning and grasping new things from people. I'm learning with every film, and my confidence levels and technique is also getting better with each film.
I have a lot of love for nature, trees, animals and greenery, and I feel that if I did not exist, there'd be no greenery on the face of the earth.
I'm a big foodie and would love to indulge in such things. I've been to many restaurants in the city, and although I can't eat often, I know what's available where.
For being in a relationship or to be linked up with somebody, you need to have time. I hang out with my friends just at my leisure, but there's no time to get into any link up.
Walk up and down the stairs ten times a day. Do an hour's walking. Release toxins just so that you feel happy. Drink a lot of water; sleep on time.
I am a total beach person, and that's why I just love coming to Vizag. The city also reminds me of the peaceful defence colonies of my childhood.
I would love to experiment with roles. But when people say that we are not doing anything different, it is because directors do not approach us with diverse roles.
We are in an industry where, unfortunately, there is very limited scope for female-oriented roles. If we don't have options, how can we pick and choose roles?
Hema ji is a dedicated artist and a perfectionist who continues to rehearse on her lines till she gets them right.
Events are the best opportunities to experiment with clothes, as we have to stick to a character in films.
I can memorise lines quickly. Knowing Telugu now has helped improve my performance.
If I don't get healthy food, my staff cooks for me.
After the Visakhapatnam and Araku shoot, I am leaving for Ahmedabad and Bangalore, followed by Hyderabad. This is the time I can work hard, so I never feel the pressure, as I am a workaholic.
Charan is very hard-working and non-egoistic, given the family he comes from. He is very open to listening, and he surrenders himself completely to the director. It was lovely to work with an actor like that.
I consider Rashi Khanna and Regina Cassandra as my best friends. They say there are three Rs in the Telugu industry: Rakul, Rashi, and Regina. All three of us debuted in the same year, and while we all compete for the same roles, we are still the closest, and we confide in each other.
My dad is from the army, and so we studied all over. I had done an Onida campaign at the age of two, as my mom always had this inclination for me to model, but my dad was clear that I could model only when I turned 18, so immediately after school, I started modelling.
I used to get 2000 as pocket money, and I was being offered a car and an opportunity to make lakhs, so I said a yes. I was a kid and got homesick over my 40-day schedule in Bangalore and decided that I would only do films in the South if they were 10-day roles.
I never feel insecure when there are two female leads.
When people say good things about me, judge me based on my behaviour and work, that makes me happier than a film's success would.
I am not in a hurry to do Hindi films. If it is destined, when it has to happen, it will.
When I initially moved to the city, I had to stay in hotels for almost two years. I was fed up of that life, and it was then that I decided that I wanted a home in the city, so I shifted base permanently.
Most of my work is based in Hyderabad, so it makes sense that I own a house here. Another reason I want a home here is because I want to have my own kitchen so that I can cook, since I hate food from hotels.
When I won't have work, say, after seven or eight years, or when I retire, I can't imagine leaving Hyderabad, because I love this city that much.
I'm open to all kind of scripts. As long as there's enough scope to perform, I'd take up the offer. In fact, before Yuvan and 'TT' happened, I got an opportunity to work with a top actor-director combination. But my height proved to be a setback.
I am always friendly with my co-actors and even other actresses, too.
I love to travel. This is the time for me. When will I do it if not now?
Working with Sukumar was amazing. He's someone who trusts his actors and allows them to experiment with dialogues and scenes. When you're working with him, you learn a lot subconsciously, and that helped me in discovering the actor within.
Sukumar comes from a very different school of working style. He never shoots with set dialogues and scenes. Most of it is improvised on the spot. He'd tell me, 'Rakul, if this is your character, how would you behave? Show me.'
Even though I've danced with actors, it wasn't the same with NTR.
Before the release of my film, small or big, the feeling is always the same.
I learnt tennis, swimming, basketball and several others, but the sport I loved the most was golf.
