English,Actress
Shopping is a bit of a relaxing hobby for me, which is sometimes troubling for the bank balance.
It's so rare that I get to do something in my own accent in my own hometown.
If you imagine yourself to be someone who is very uncomfortable in their own skin, then it does funny things to your voice.
As a child I loved ghost stories.
I want to try to make difficult people somehow relatable.
I love being able to express myself through what I wear - and for it to be a way of expressing uniqueness and individuality.
I think for a long time it seemed like working in an art form and being a feminist meant portraying women in a perfect, angelic light. And there's nothing feminist about that.
I don't like talking about myself, if I'm honest.
I don't think I can boast about him. 'Hey, my dad is a British institution; he's done all these incredible things and I'm really proud of him.' There is a certain baggage that comes with that in England.
I was a sort of New York intellectual when I was 16. I wanted to dress like Annie Hall when I was 18.
We can't constantly tell stories of heroes. We have to hear the other stories, too, about people in dire straits who make bad choices.
I'm not consciously avoiding doing a lot of period drama, but I don't really seek it out either.
When I was 22, I thought I couldn't wear heels because of my height.
I always look for contradiction in a character.
I can't remember a time when I didn't want to be an actor. It has just always been an inevitability on some level.
I think acting can be very frustrating, and there's no experience that doesn't make you a better actor.
If pressed, I would say I feel British. It's where I grew up and where I choose to live, the culture that I love, but I feel perfectly at home in America, I don't feel like a tourist or anything.
There are people all over the world who like to write fan letters in the voice of their pet: 'Hello, my name is Fifi and I'm a labrador and I think you're great. Paw paw!'
I'm very nerdy about my music, and I like interrogating people about what they put on playlists.
Lentil dhal is the only thing I can cook.
I quite enjoy cooking but I'm not consistent. I can't follow the recipe book. If something goes well, I'll never make it again, which is completely stupid. It's a one-shot kind of deal.
If you act scared, your body produces adrenaline.
You either are a good director or you're not.
I would say that maybe directors who act as well are easier with actors. I'm not saying that all directors have this, but sometimes you'll come across a director who sort of looks at an actor a bit like a kind of untrained horse that's been let out of the stable, like they might buck him.
I read everything. I've always got a book on the go and I'm really nerdy about it, I get through books and don't remember anything about them afterwards. But I read all sorts, from classic to contemporary.
I was the kid that grew up watching Bette Davis films.
It's so great that women are being allowed to be heroes in big things.
Some of my acting heroes have built careers on playing characters who do horrendous things - they're repellent and lovable. They're not likable, but they're lovable. I think Christine is one of those characters.
The last thing that scared me... it was probably something stupid, like when someone jumped out at me, or I thought my new dog had gone to the toilet underneath my piano. Lots of silly things.
If I sat around thinking about acting all day, I'd lose my mind.
It doesn't matter how much polite self-deprecating fluff you have on the outside if you don't have a steely something in the middle that says, 'You know what, I'm actually really, really good at this, and this is what I can do, and I'm going to do it.'
I was quite quiet as a kid. I sat around watching people.
The kind of films I want to make are struggling to get made. And if they are getting made, they're getting made on shoestring budgets with not enough time.
I don't want to constantly be making sacrifices. It feels like it's really difficult for the films I dream about making to turn up.
At some point, you have to be willing to accept other people's opinions. I think that's helpful.
It's not like I particularly have an interest in creepiness for creepy's sake.
Steven Spielberg was a huge part of my childhood, like everyone's, I guess.
I think I have a job, which is to present a character in a story and entertain you and divert you with my work - that's it.
I'm a very private person. I barely tell my friends what's going on half the time, so the idea that I should then talk to the world about what is going on seems anathema to me. People can say what they want. I'm not going to change anyone's mind.
I grew up watching his movies; I know everyone did, but I really feel that a lot of my formative years were informed by Woody Allen films.
This is how much of a music geek I am: if I have a day with nothing to do, one of my favourite things is to just sit at my computer and make playlists of pretty much anything.
If I could be a musician, I'd do it. I love singing.
As someone who works and travels as much, you could feel... A bit rootless?
Yes, I'm a complete itinerant. I keep making attempts not to be, but then circumstances make me uproot and go somewhere else again. It's not the worst thing in the world at all; I love it. In fact, I'm probably horribly addicted to it.
I'm a bit nerdy about accents. I love it.
The voice is always the starting place for me with a character.
For better or worse, I don't necessarily categorize myself as a method actor; I'm not going to make claims that I stayed in character 24/7.
I don't believe that all actors should end up being directors.
You have to start from a place of trying to create a character.
There are a lot of movies about misfits that are quite cool, that kind of glamorize it on some level. I think there are fewer films, certainly with a lady at the center, about the agony of what it's like to feel like you're not accepted, and you're different, and somehow you're weird.
We all relate to having highs and lows. Everyone gets depressed.
Directors assume I'm, like, establishment.
I don't know how you make a living without a few personal compromises.
There is no way of knowing if a film is going to be good.
I've worked on so many films where the script is one thing and then, somewhere down the line - on set, sometimes - it changes, and there's zero I can do about it.
I've been listening to 'Chapo Trap House' - they're quite radical. Every time I listen to it, my brain feels opened up.
I don't have regular TV; I have Apple TV, so I pick what I watch, which is perhaps not a good thing. I read all the big publications and also listen to a lot of podcasts.
It's not often you get female characters who don't fit into a box.
Anyone who commits an act of violence to themselves or others is worth consideration in the sense that there must be something that brought them to that point, whether it's a mental health issue or otherwise.
A lot of people go through life trying to perform normalcy, and I think you can relate to that.
I don't think it's helpful to put them all in a box and say people are evil and freaks because they have gotten to the point where they have fallen out of the community of what it is to be a human being. That's worthy of investigation.
You sit there, and you argue and you argue, and you sort of bully the hell out of the text until you're quite sure what it's revealing, and then you perform it.
The kind of career that I want is not easy as a lady to manifest, because everyone wants a lady to be likable.
I did 'Iron Man' because I was curious about those massive movies that were taking over the summers every year, and I wanted to see what the fuss was about.
I felt very fulfilled after doing 'Vicky Cristina Barcelona' because I'd always wanted to work with Woody Allen. That was like a lifelong dream, and that was thrilling for me, to enter that world.
Nobody engages in a film, regardless of what your job is in it, to make a bad one.
Even if the film doesn't come out quite as you'd hoped, the process can also be very rewarding. I feel that way about a film called 'Lay the Favorite' that I made with Stephen Frears. I did that because the character was a real leap for me. The film doesn't quite all add up internally, but I feel very proud of what I did on it.
There's so much crap attached to acting: the fame aspect, the ego aspect, the 'Am I good, am I bad, am I being judged, who likes me, who doesn't like me...'
I love the solitary, romantic idea of writing.
I've just started to get really envious when I go into people's houses and see books on a shelf.
Your principal motive on a movie set is to get the film made, but on a Woody Allen set, there's an ulterior thing that goes on, which is, 'Did you have a conversation with Woody? How friendly have you been with him? Am I liked by him?'
I love clothes. I've never actively followed trends, but I definitely know what I like and what I don't like. I think fashion is a really important and empowering thing. I don't think it's superficial, actually, I think it's very important.
My friends have noticed that if I suddenly go through a couple of months' unemployment, there seems to be a correlation that I don't ever tend to wear the same outfit twice. There will be such strange combinations of clothes because I'm probably a bit creatively stifled, so it's coming out in my wardrobe.
When you work with filmmakers, and it's their first film, there's an exuberance and optimism, which is quite... There's no room for being jaded. Thinking that you know it all.
In high drama or high tragedy or anything, it's not really human unless there's some humor at the same time. And vice versa. So I guess I tend to gravitate towards projects which tread a dodgy tightrope between two things, which aren't really one or another.
I think it's a bit short-sighted to play any character and not explore, in some respects, the way they act when things get really bad.
