English,Actress
If I have the power to post 'Happy Birthday' on someone's Facebook page and make them feel really good, it feels really good to make other people feel really good. I love it. I'm a huge Facebook and Twitter person. And I love talking to my fans. It's fun.
I love science fiction stuff - I'm a bit of a dweeb like that.
It's rare to work on a series without a writer. If you have a question about a line, then phone calls have to be made.
It's a blessing to be paid to be in paradise. The Hawaiian people are so friendly.
I don't know what the next acting job will be. I would love to do a comedy.
I'm incredibly cheesy. I'm all about happy endings and all of that.
I'm just naturally quite toned. My dad was like a body builder, so I've got my dad's body. Not all of it, thank God.
I'm quadracontinental. I've got a life in London, New York, L.A. and Hawaii.
Without question, dying on 'Lost' was the best thing I have ever done in my entire career.
You know I hate watching myself on TV, I know a lot of actors say that, but it's true for me.
The danger with playing someone tough is that the character can become two-dimensional and mean and nobody likes her.
I never did any sports at school. It wasn't until I moved to America, to New York, when I was about 20 that I actually thought that if I wanted to be an actress I might have to start working out.
When I got 'Lost,' I was about to not be able to live, so it was a fall-to-the-knees, burst-into-tears, 'I'm saved by this great role' moment.
For people to come to you and say, 'Would you like to be a part of our show?' after years of 'Please tell me I'm good enough,'... I can't tell you how wonderful it feels.
I'm such a fan girl when it comes to movies, TV and sci-fi, sometimes I can't believe I actually get to be in them.
All I do is watch TV and films, and when I'm not doing that, I'm making them. I need a hobby!
I'm not Irish. Just because I have red hair doesn't mean I'm a lucky charm, you know?
I've always wanted to do an adult cartoon, because I want a job where you can just drive up in your pajamas, have a cup of tea and not even get dressed, and you've gone to work for the day. What a great gig!
My first car was in 2006 when I got on my first TV show - a BMW 328i2 four-door sedan in slate grey. That was a great day, that was.
I do accents. Sometimes when I've had a few drinks, I speak in different accents all night long, and then at the end of an evening someone will say to me, 'Seriously, where are you from?'
Actors who say they don't watch TV are stupid. I was raised by TV! And it's how I research for auditions.
