American,Actress
Every day, every birthday candle I blow out, every penny I throw over my shoulder in a wishing well, every time my daughter says, 'Let's make a wish on a star,' there's one thing I wish for: wisdom.
I'm not the kind of person that would step on people just to get where I wanted to be, but I have crossed moral boundaries when I've either been afraid or desperate.
In June 1972, I went with friends to see the Rolling Stones at the Los Angeles Forum. After the concert, as we crossed through the parking lot, a guy in a brown Mercedes stopped in the middle of the street and got out. He came up to me and asked if I had ever modeled.
I was inspecting eyeglass lenses for a while. And I worked as a concession girl in a movie theater. And I was ironing before that. I always had some kind of a job. And then I started modeling.
When you are desperate, it's usually because of fear.
I'm always drawn to melancholy personalities.
Being married, I would say most relationships are pretty codependent in some ways.
I don't know much about sports.
I think all writers are different. I've been with a few writers; they're all different.
I always go into a film situation depressed and fearful.
I am self-conscious, and I'm aware of my body. But I struggle with America's limited idea of what perfection is.
I envy my daughter's childhood.
In high school, I was very unpopular.
I have nothing against younger women and older men on screen. What is sad is that so many women over 40 who have so much to give aren't being considered to play opposite men their own age or younger.
I have an unusual face.
I'm a California girl, and I'd love to restore a sense of place to Southern California.
Maybe it's that I'm naive, but I don't think of myself as an age.
I was a high-school dropout; I was a loner.
I was never the kind of person who cared much what people thought about me.
Beauty and youth can stay inside, but it doesn't outside.
That's a really good question - what is it like living with a writer? I guess it depends on the writer. You know what? They live in a fantasy world a lot of the time. My husband lives in a fantasy world.
I was raised in a lower-income family, and we were wild.
I do love acting the two seconds that you are in front of the camera - and this is going to sound like I'm complaining, and I don't want that because I'm blessed to even have a job - but there is a lot of down-time when you're just sitting in your trailer.
I'm so proud of myself. I thought, 'I've got to learn about American history.' I literally took two months off and watched every documentary known to man. I really didn't know Benjamin Franklin was so cool.
I came out of a culture when there wasn't tweeting and everyone with a camera in their hands. I didn't grow up with it, so I'm not always thinking about it, but there have been times when I looked over, and I saw that someone was recording my conversation.
I always thought I'm kind of a tough girl.
We all do things where we don't care about other people. And we deal with it in whatever ways we can, denial or make excuses.
If something comes around that would be a challenge, then that would be wonderful. But if it's a watered-down version of something I've already done, I'd rather do something else.
I've got a drought-tolerant garden; I've got a company - crazy as it sounds, we make yogurt. There are actors who have to act no matter what, but I don't want to do it just for the sake of doing it.
I didn't want to be an actress when I was younger - not even when I was older, to tell you the truth.
I didn't have a father growing up, and I was raised with all women, and I didn't really understand men. I thought they were like women, right?
I loved 'Tin Cup' because even though that character had her own career and was strong, she was pretty confused. I think she was my favorite character because she was well-rounded. She didn't have it all together.
I'll be honest with you: I'd rather have BAFTA over an Academy Award any day. Because it's just cool.
