American,Actress
Actors love mental disorders, dialects, and corsets. Give them one of the three and they're happy.
A film's success or failure is strictly on the director's shoulders.
After I do a big movie I get offered big movies. But I always do the weirdest indie.
After I read all the medical journals and watched all the documentaries, I still didn't understand the physical sensation of ticking and where it comes from and what it feels like.
I did a film about the Zodiac Killer. It turned out well.
I haven't really done a lot of comedies. I don't know why, because I really like them.
I really wanted to be nasty and mean and bad. It's so much easier than being the good girl.
I usually play disenfranchised youth.
I'm a firm believer that actors take to work who they aren't at home. People show their other self in their art or in their work.
I'm attracted to roles where I don't have to wear makeup.
I'm from Chicago. My grandfather was a policeman, and my aunts are married to policemen.
I'm really proud to have been in The Craft. I will always be that chick from The Craft, no matter what I do.
I've been doing this long enough that you can tell when people have seen you in something they didn't enjoy, and when they have seen you in something they actually enjoyed.
I've quoted Lost in America several times.
In acting there's two different things: You're either pitching in a scene, or you're catching.
Movies are getting more and more expensive to distribute. You need a lot of money to get people into theaters.
My friends that are snobs think its cool I did a movie with Albert Brooks.
People do eventually see something that's quality.
People work really hard to get to a certain point. But they have to work just as hard to stay there.
The Craft was what it was. People who respond to that movie respond to it really strongly.
Thirty years ago, there was definitely a huge difference between men and women, and the man wanting to feel like the protector, and not scare the wife.
This Tourette's center sent me a package that was like 900 hundred pages.
