American,Actress
If you're happy, if you're feeling good, then nothing else matters.
I think we manifest the very thing we put out. If you're putting out negativity, then you're going to retrieve that same sentiment. If you emanate joy, it comes back to you.
I always wanted to get out of L.A., but time passes, and you find excuses to stay.
I can't stop moving. I'm like this weird insect. I can't sit still in real life.
Love is possible as life is possible.
I can't imagine having long hair anymore; it's weird.
A great life is to be able to ebb and flow.
Electronics companies are purchasing the minerals that come out of the Eastern Congo, and they are illicit; they're dirty.
I eat at In-N-Out Burger every chance I get.
Divorce in and of itself, and with children, is devastating.
What I'm looking for in people now is kindness.
I'd rather do 'She's So Lovely' that John Cassavetes wrote versus doing 'Batman.'
I think the inception of my interest in arts was when I was around 9 or 10 and I started dancing. I was really convinced that I was going to go to New York and be onstage in 'A Chorus Line.'
I can't imagine going back to long hair. Cutting it was the greatest thing I ever did.
D.C. is more corrupt than Hollywood. It really is.
I grew up very fast as a young girl, but I grew slowly into my womanhood.
I have always been a good mimic.
I dislike arrogant men and diva behavior in either gender.
I've always been a T-shirt, Levi's, leather jacket, and combat boots kind of girl.
Learning what you don't want is how you know what you do want.
Even the busboys at the restaurants have a script to give you. Everybody is in the business.
I just love getting dirty.
I am not successful, in terms of Hollywood.
It makes me believe in fate. In most cases, the readings where I've been really bad have usually been the ones where I got the part.
I used to ask Sean questions about acting. He's a brilliant actor, but I could never digest his information. I work primarily on an intuitive level.
I've always wanted to be able to let myself go over the edge.
Hollywood is a suction for your confidence or your faith or your togetherness. Just walking on the street you can feel it.
I've been so anti-tattoos my whole life.
I have a house here in California and come back every month and a half to see my kids. And they come to New York.
If you're the head of a business, there's a protocol that people have to follow.
It took me a long time to grow up.
I'm not in the business of talking about what 'isn't.'
I never went to college. I was pregnant at 23.
All marriages have their phases.
Would I marry again? No. But never say never. Why marry? It's a beautiful fortress, but I don't need it.
I have Spanx on. Always! I have to wear them all the time!
Running gets everything done, doesn't it? Covers it all.
I'm trying to do the paleo diet. No carbs.
I love my life.
Maybe I'm a control freak.
I didn't want to raise my kids in this weird, sycophantic society. If you have celebrity parents, it's not a good recipe for the kids, or anyone at any age.
For actors in Hollywood, it's very straightforward. We're well-paid animals in a zoo.
I just pray I can keep working. I just pray I grow old gracefully.
I'm worried that the audience is being conditioned. That's my real fear. Because if they don't want to see wrinkles on the screen, if they actually fear looking at them, then it's only going to get worse. Those of us who don't want to shoot up and cut and sew, we're just not going be cast.
Hollywood is difficult to navigate if you have integrity, so I opted not to work if there wasn't enough to do in a role, which doesn't have to do with the role's size.
If there's nothing for me to do as an actress, then that's frustrating. I'd rather go work at a menial labour job, where I can actually get my hands dirty.
I'm not up there with Kate Winslet and Julia Roberts. I don't sell tickets. I've known that for a long time.
I'm really trying to be in the now - that's so spiritual and stuff. It's just so much more pleasant and sane.
Just lying in my big bed with Frette sheets. Oh my god, there's nothing better.
Now that my kids are out of the house, I'm finally able to get to the classics I never read: Emily Bronte, Dylan Thomas, Joseph Heller's 'Catch-22.' It's endless. They're all in this gigantic pile next to my bed.
I wouldn't be a good model for any designer's idea of what fashion is.
People buy box sets, and they sit for a whole weekend with a computer on their lap in bed, and they watch two seasons back-to-back of a show. They are invested in the person within that arc or the dynamics of those people - the relationships - and it doesn't matter to them if they're watching it on an iPhone or a cinema screen.
Entertainment and escapism - those are the bigger money-making films today.
With 'House of Cards,' you really get the heart and the meat of drama - and it's a thriller!
I always loved to dance and move. I probably should have been a mime or something like that.
I'm ready to do a Woody Allen comedy.
I never used to want rehearsals, because I was like, 'Oh, no. I'm more spontaneous. I'm a natural. I'm a one-take person.' But that was because I didn't have any training. I was going off instinct.
I loved Europe so much.
Famous is celebrityism, and I don't want that... I know that I'm not that. Everybody knows who you are. I can't imagine living that life, but I don't think I consider myself famous.
I remember calling directors numerous times and saying, 'Oh, you should cast so-and-so instead of me. They're much better for the role.'
I run, lift weights and do yoga to stay in shape.
The best part of shooting 'House of Cards' in Baltimore is eating lots of soft-shell crab.
Dark chocolate-covered blueberries are my favorite sweet.
From the time I was wee big, my mother was one of the first members of Mary Kay Cosmetics. Women going door-to-door and letting housewives have their own business - that was really a breakthrough. It was huge.
My son graduated high school and went to Haiti to work for his dad's organization and then extended his stay. It's incredible what he's doing.
It's just never been in my nature to go out there and go on a red carpet to say, 'Oh, publicize me!'
I don't know enough about politics. I am out of the loop.
I wish I were stronger in areas. Not so consumed or distracted.
I really wanted to be a mom. I didn't want my kids to be raised by a nanny, which would have been the case if I were working two movies in a year, you know? And I would have been hospitalized with fatigue.
I'm not exactly the type of actress who does half a dozen films a year.
I met an agent through my modeling agency who encouraged me to go out and audition for sitcoms, and I was absolutely petrified because I had no desire to do it.
You couldn't pay me enough money to go back to being 20. So many tears; what a nightmare it was. It's much better being older.
As an actor, I had noticed very vividly that very few directors know how to direct actors because they haven't done it.
I'm tired of biting my tongue.
I don't want to always be the tortured, soulful wife.
Oh my God, Zumba is the greatest invention ever for women. I like to exercise, though I do nothing consistently because I get bored and impatient. With Zumba, you're dancing, you're moving your hips. So much fun.
You're never going to be able to delve into the character traits of a Michelle Obama or Hillary Clinton.
If 'American Beauty' came out today, it wouldn't make nearly as much money.
I honestly don't want to act anymore.
I know what I don't want.
I'm not a practice religion freak. I didn't grow up in a religious family, but I have a faith.
That character called 'Robin Wright' in the movie called 'The Congress' has nothing to do with me... I've never felt that way about life choices, career, etc.
The word 'demand' is a tricky word when used by our gender. When used by men, it's part of their vernacular.
You never accomplish everything you want to accomplish.
I hate everything I do. I hate my voice. I sound like a guy.
I tell you, being on a soap is the hardest work, and it gets so old. Get on your mark, get in the light, don't turn too far upstage - that's all it is.
I didn't want to commit to a TV show.
My mother liked to buy houses, fix them up, and turn them over. We'd live somewhere for a few months and then move to another house, sometimes just two blocks away.
I learned about men from my son.
I enjoy classic Led Zeppelin.
I secretly want to skydive, even though it's my greatest fear!
You have to do the work in your marriage, but it has to be laid on a strong foundation of love.
I'm the homemaker, and that's fine with me because I really like that.
The older you get, of course, the knowingness of the truth - the ownership of knowing - is louder.
I always look for variety. I always want to run the gamut.
I'm a hedonist when it comes to culinary delights.
I think I've always been waiting for things to happen.
I've been told I've done a lot of flop movies. And I think, 'Wow, I've never considered them flops!' I've loved every character I played.
The seasoned woman is going to offer a more seasoned character.
