British,Actress
I look my best when I'm totally free, on holiday, walking on the beach.
Nothing can teach you what it's like to work on a film set, and the best education there can be for an actor is to walk up the street and observe human nature.
I've been doing Pride and Prejudice all summer, so suddenly the chance to be holed up with a bunch of marines is quite attractive, and probably a necessary dose of male energy.
Anger is not an accepted thing for women. And, you know, I do get angry. I feel it's a very honest emotion.
You can certainly keep a low public profile if you want to.
The response to Pride has been so overwhelming. I mean, people have really loved it. And it's so rewarding because we had such a fun time making that film, and it was made with so much heart, that it's lovely that people seem to be responding in kind to that.
The job of an actor is the same in all of them, really. I mean, you're just creating a character that you hope people will believe, so it doesn't make that much of a difference really.
It's something that I am going over in my head about the whole video game thing, and whether you support violence by being in a film like this. I mean, to me, it's incredibly unreal and it's all about the action, and just explosions.
It was in New York, and I've always wanted to film in New York. And the writer was a teenage friend of mine. We did youth theatre together when we were 16 and always had a dream of making a film together. And ten years later, we've done it. So it's great.
In the original computer game of Doom, you not only have to kill things. You have to pulverise them.
I've got friends who are pyrotechnics who do big fire shows, so I'm really fascinated by that.
I'd really love to live in New York for awhile. That's what I'm hoping to do.
I think, you know, as an actor we get these terribly sort of pretentious ideas in our heads. We try to take everything very seriously at first, you know, until we lighten up, we get onboard, and have a laugh.
I think you tend to try, during the time you've got off, to forget about the film. It was such a total world. I mean, the sets were claustrophobic, and as soon as you were on there, you were right back into it.
And I like the look on people's faces when I say I'm doing this movie called Pride and Prejudice and they kind of smile, and then I say I'm in a movie called Doom and they kind of do a double take and try and put the two things together. And they never quite manage to.
If you told my 13-year-old self that one day I'd be talking about how Tom Cruise and I had good chemistry, she'd think you were completely mad.
I think I was lucky in that I wasn't one of those girls who are told they are pretty the whole time. I never got that. Nor did I ever obsess about my looks as a teenager.
Looking back, I just think I was a really average sort of girl.
I'd like people to get a sense of who I am, yet I want to keep my privacy, too.
It is interesting to break all the rules. I'm not married, I have a baby, and it feels infinitely more right.
What I find sexy is when someone's having fun and able to look right back at you.
I saw a lot of operas from backstage and watched a lot of rehearsals - my parents were singers.
I'd like to do Nicole Diver in F. Scott Fitzgerald's 'Tender Is the Night,' if that ever gets made.
I long for the day when there are things I feel strongly about politically.
Success is freedom - scripts coming your way and getting to choose the stories you want to tell.
You can get things out of acting with someone a second time around that you don't necessarily get the first time because you're more familiar, more comfortable.
