English,Actress
It's how you prioritize in life.
I simply want to take a break and catch my breath. But I also think that, sometimes, the bravest thing you can do is to deliberately keep some time free and see what the world throws at you.
I always vaguely knew I wanted to perform, but I haven't got the greatest singing voice and my dancing isn't up to scratch. Acting was really the only alternative. My parents have been really supportive throughout.
I'd quite like to do a film but I'd also love to do more theatre. I want to keep challenging myself with good roles. It's harder for women because there aren't as many challenging roles.
I really love clothes, but I think I have a style of my own which is quite eclectic.
For me, there is a stigma attached to playing beautiful parts. They are often empty characters whom the action happens around. I'm more drawn to characters with a complex internal life, who have a burning frustration underneath that keeps them going.
I've always been quite shy. Very confident but very shy.
The difficult thing for me is going to a event and having to be dressed up and being judged for what you wear. People care so much about that these days.
It's a good time for me, but it's only recently I've become comfortable in my job. At the start, it's hard having the nerve to call yourself an actor, let alone doing it. I gave myself two years after drama school, and if I didn't make it, then I'd give it up.
There's such a huge link with fashion, with front covers of magazines and selling products, but that's not what you go into the job for, and yet you're persuaded that's what you have to do to create the opportunities for yourself.
There's always been a religious strain in me. I can't get rid of it. I don't want to get rid of it. I'm not involved in a church, but I understand that impulse to believe in something that's never going to betray you.
I love complex characters - strong females who are vulnerable but have a life and soul. That's what I'm drawn to and what I enjoy most.
I do things on a whim.
Cleaning isn't all that interesting to me. I'm disorganized.
I don't really plan. I just see what happens.
I haven't got one or two people that I aspired to be like.
Every actor turns everything round to their character.
I remembered a mantra that one of my teachers used to tell me at drama school, that every thought will pass across your face. Even if you're thinking about Shreddies the camera will read it.
There are lots of moments that are great for an actress.
What really excites me is the unknown, and getting to grips with something you have no idea about.
I'm drawn to damaged, complicated characters.
My parents are desperate, they keep saying: 'Please stop doing these angsty roles; make it easier for us.' So, yeah, I'd love to do some comedy.
My remit has always been: I want to do something different from the last thing I've done.
