American,Actress
My attitude is always one of sensuality, aggressive enthusiasm and a kind of outrageousness in my expression.
My activism and sexual revolution in New York was a factor.
Probably what my comment meant was that I don't care about the circumstances if I can tell the truth.
I really think that women should be allowed to be more European, in this country.
In Europe you can be Sophia, you can be these older women who are considered very sexy.
I certainly was one of the instigators in the 1960s of freedom of expression.
I'm on Governor Gray Davis' California Alliance Towards Education to bring the arts back to high schools.
When I was growing up watching Marilyn Monroe, I learned that you can be very beautiful, very glamorous and very vulnerable and not give up your soul just because you were a movie star.
I always told, Sandra Bullock was my student when she was younger, I always told her it's important that we hold on to our insecurity, the wisdom of insecurity.
I had no idea that he was going to write that, but I've always believed that insecurity was what would keep you always in your innocence, no matter what the business did.
So, I think that Marilyn, what she gave the world, and in many ways Kennedy too, was that they had dreams and they didn't allow anybody to take away their dreams.
I think that souls agree to come in and do what they're going to do and then leave when they're going to leave. So there's nothing tragic when a soul leaves. I think it was already preordained.
In the case of Marilyn and John Kennedy, I think they did affect change.
I think you can really tell a good actor if you can put a camera on them and they can just talk and emote and react and you don't have to keep cutting away from them, because they are the language and the behavior. It's all a tour-de-force performance.
Everyone should have a moment with Ron Howard in their life to give you faith in our industry.
The only thing that I could think of to do was to be an actress.
She was a genius, my mother.
Our church has been legal since late 1960s. I've been involved since 1972. I was ordained in 1975.
I have married thriteen couples. I'm about to do a marriage next month.
With my ministry of light, part of what I do is work on the California Alliance For Arts Education.
A lot of my joy this year has been to give away awards to young people, no matter of race, creed or color, because they were a terrific violinist or a terrific dancer.
My point is that, over the years, I've taught five thousand people acting and lately I have a lot of energy on these kids, having the same break I had as a high school girl.
I had art as a major, along with English, French and History. I had dance, modern dance. In English I was allowed to write my own poetry, which I eventually got published.
I have some great stories and I will get around to writing a book.
So I have this ability, if I may say so, to spot talent.
I taught Sandra Bullock when no one knew who she was. I talked her out of quitting. I put her in a showcase.
