Indian,Actress
I will come to know when my time's up, and when it is, I will exit gracefully. I will not hang around till I am kicked out.
I know many actresses who started big but were sent packing, as they couldn't sustain the momentum. I am in this for the long haul.
I have always wanted to work with Lingusamy, as he is a master of commercial cinema. I have always admired his etching of female characters.
People often ask me why I don't take up more heroine-oriented roles. My question is, 'Where are these roles?' I really appreciate actresses who sign only films with meaty roles. However, there aren't too many of them. The industry is simply male-dominated.
I think people are able to relate to my appearance. They think of me as the girl next door.
I am done with the cliched heroine roles. I can't go to work without a challenge. I want to do films that drive me, films in which I am a part of the main plot.
I am my biggest critic. Even in films where people said they liked me, I have disliked myself.
There's a thin line between catering to the masses and making a fool of yourself; I try to walk that line.
There are thousands of good-looking women out there. Longevity for a heroine doesn't come only with good looks: talent matters.
Only the film industry can make you an overnight success. Unlike other jobs where you have to work your way up, here you can reach dizzying heights of fame instantly.
In the film industry, you are fictitious, just like the characters you play. It has a lot do with a perception about you, and not necessarily you. You are successful because people like that image of you on screen.
I love acting, but I'm not too crazy about money or fame. They don't drive me.
I have always had huge respect for comedians/comediennes. It's because comedy is very hard to portray.
I never look at how many songs I have or how many girls are there in a movie. If I like my character, I play it.
I vent my anger in the gym, and it calms me down.
I just want my films to work. The hit or flop verdict really affects me. I seriously analyse what went wrong if a film turns out to be a dud!
A lot of new girls are arriving every day - let them do the glamour roles! I am done with ultra glam outfits and five song routines - hereafter, I want to do meatier roles, now that I've acted with all the biggies.
I haven't signed as many films as I'd like to because there are no good roles, as disheartening as it is to say.
Allu Arjun is one of the most stylish actors. We should take care of our looks when acting with him because he wears the best of costumes, and if we don't take care, we would look like a housemaid beside him.
Of course, I will continue acting. I just need to dispel the Telugu and Tamil cinema's insecurities about married actresses. I don't know about others. But I am not going anywhere after marriage.
