Irish,Actress
If you don't have eyebrows, you don't really have a face.
The majority of teenagers don't even make eye contact with people, even people of the same age.
I think if my child died I would prefer it if I were dead.
I've grown up with my parents' music tastes, listening to Fleetwood Mac and the Rolling Stones.
The written word can be powerful and beautiful - but films transport us to another place in a way that even the most evocative words never can.
I think when you get on with the actors that you're working with, even if you do have really intimate scenes, as long as you get on well, and have a bit of a laugh while doing it, then it's fine.
Everyone thinks I'm ethereal. But I'm not like that, you know. I'm not ethereal. Well, I might have a little bit of that quality to me, that 'old soul' thing, but I'm not ethereal.
I like books that are exciting and that make you think about things as well.
That's what acting is. You're pretending to be someone else.
I really want to go to college.
I've always wanted to act and I grew up a little on film sets when my dad was working as an actor.
I play basketball, I surf and swim and go to the cinema and listen to music and read. I like shopping.
I was actually born in New York. We lived there until I was three so I grew up watching Sesame Street and hearing the accent. You are a sponge at that age, soaking everything up.
I would never want to move to L.A.
I've basically grown up with Harry Potter, as so many kids my age have. It's kind of a part of my life.
I've never really felt like I was a child actor. Just an actor who happened to be quite young.
It's too distracting to read about yourself. You want to be perfect and you want everyone to love you, and that's never going to happen.
I love cleaning. I love mopping the floor. If you need your floor mopped, I'm there.
I wouldn't go down the route of having an assistant. I don't want to be like that. I want to be normal.
I've always been quite mature because of the way my parents brought me up. They were very good at talking to me like a person rather than a baby, and I was around so many actors and directors from such a young age because my dad is an actor. I was more comfortable with adults rather than actually being an adult child.
I don't feel isolated on a film set. In a way you do because you don't really mix with the outside world; you're just sort of working non-stop for a few months, but you've got so many people around you.
I saw 'Clueless' probably when I was about 8 or 9 years old. And, I had certain films that I would fall asleep so it was 'Clueless' for quite a long time, and I used to just watch it every single night and knew every single line, every single quote.
I like to get far away from myself when I'm acting.
One of the things that would steer me away from a franchise is that I'm playing the same character all the time and I wouldn't want to be known for that.
I'm a huge Wes Anderson fan. I literally love every single film. He hasn't made a bad film; I've seen every single one. They've all been brilliant, from 'Bottle Rocket' up to 'Moonrise Kingdom,' they've all been wonderful.
Lindsay Lohan was the 'It' girl from, like, 14. That's a lot of pressure.
Learning is the most important thing, no mater how you do it, or where you do it, or who you do it with.
