American,Actress
I know it sounds weird, but my definition of 'sexy' has changed as I've gotten older. And being smart and informed makes me feel sexier than any outfit.
You can get a man's attention if you got a pair of boobs and a butt. I hate to simplify them down so much, but I think it's true.
You know, I never really paid attention to sports, which, coming from the mecca of football in Texas, is kind of odd. I played sports, but I was nerdy. Having a single mother, the pressure was on me to get good grades and a scholarship and go to college.
To be beautiful in Texas, you had to be blonde and blue-eyed and have a name like Ann.
I was captain of the volleyball team and the basketball team, and I ran track.
I never really paid attention to sports, which, coming from the mecca of football in Texas, is kind of odd. I played sports, but I was nerdy. Having a single mother, the pressure was on me to get good grades and a scholarship and go to college.
I feel that as the world becomes more and more multicultural, it's a good tool to be able to speak another language.
It doesn't matter what people say or what the rules say or what you're supposed to do, you go after what's in your heart.
I think it's important to love what you do and have a good time with it. I go to work every day and have a blast.
I did a lot of theater growing up, and in college I was in the musical 'Chicago.'
My great-great-grandfather was a shah back in the 1800s. Unfortunately, I don't have any gold coins or jewels to show for it.
Right when I finish a workout, I feel pretty sexy. Even though I'm sweaty and I don't smell like a rose, I feel strong. It does a lot for me mentally and physically.
NFL cheerleading is harder than most people think. They train up to six hours every day with games on Sundays. They gave me a great work ethic.
When I was in my early 20s, I looked towards exterior things to make me feel sexy - guys, clothes, shoes, etc. Now it's all about how I feel internally.
My mother raised three kids on her own, so I was taught that to be a working mom was a good thing.
My parents divorced when I was 10, but when my father was there, he was trying to create almost like a little prison for me.
My biggest fantasy was to have a pie thrown in my face, and I always said whoever did that, that's the guy I'd marry.
I don't really like 'acting' - I like things to feel as natural as possible.
To sit next to Walter Hill, and to be able to exchange ideas back and forth, and for him to be able to tell you that he likes what you're doing - I don't know. I kind of pinch myself.
It's fun to work on location because you get the look and feel of everything, but it's nice to be on a stage because you can control the elements.
I have an incredibly dark, mysterious, witchy side and another side that's very bubbly and cheerleader-esque.
I actually got more attention from one episode of 'The Sopranos' than I did from two years of 'The L Word.'
Growing up, I loved Morticia Addams and Lily Munster on one hand, and Jeannie from 'I Dream of Jeannie' on the other. Two completely different ends of the spectrum, kind of like me.
My favorite workouts are the ones that don't feel like I'm working out! So, dance is a big one. Another is any kind of isolated moves, like ballet moves. Anything that works the glutes and legs - sign me up! And I like to blast the music. I have to get lost in the music. That helps.
Plyometrics. Hate them. Enough already. Jumping around, using your own body weight is so hard to me. How did we do it as kids?
My role is to just tell the highest degree of truth with every character and every story. From there, I have no clue whatsoever how things are going to turn out.
My father left when I was really young, but he's still living. There are things I wish I'd said that I didn't and I don't think I'll ever get the opportunity to say. He's battled addiction problems his entire life. I wish things were different. I wish there were a way my son could know him, know the good parts of him.
As a parent, you experience the most of everything. The most love, the most fear, the most hurt and the most tired, the most of every emotion.
It is therapeutic for me to act, to be able to slip into somebody else's skin, and know it's not you, but know that you bring a lot of yourself to it. At times in my life it's provided me with a lot of confusion. It's also provided me with a lot of discovery.
I've learned a lot with every character, everything from being a cop, to a lawyer to a tattoo artist. And underneath that stuff, I've been really able to find myself through the characters. It's served as a cheap form of emotional therapy.
I'm not one to be messed with. I can be bad when it needs to happen.
I did karate for about three years. When I was going into Miss Texas, my mom said, 'Let's not do karate this year. Let's not have any knocked-out teeth on the stage.'
