American,Actress
It's nice to have a crush on someone. It feels like you're alive, you know?
I still eat a burger at a counter with ketchup dripping down my face.
I'm happiest when I have something to focus my energy on.
I went through this realization that acting, at its heart, is the ability to manipulate your own emotions.
It's important for people to figure out their own lives before involving someone else - to gauge where you are and work on your own issues.
I just want to work on things that are really hard, and when I'm not working on things that are really hard, I want to hang out with people I like to be with, and that's it.
I definitely believe in plastic surgery. I don't want to be an old hag. There's no fun in that.
LA's a very hard place to be unless you have people there that love you. It can be very, very lonely, and it can eat you up if you don't take care of yourself. In LA, nobody wants to talk to each other, everybody's giving each other catty looks.
It's a required part of your film history to know who Woody is. His movies are so wonderful, and not just funny but so insightful about human behavior.
I have always... expected a lot from myself.
Whenever I'm taking time off, all I'm thinking about is working.
You think that your life is going to be one way, and then, for various reasons or whatever, it doesn't work out.
I'd rather go to the White House Correspondents' dinner than any awards show.
I feel like in 10 or 15 years' time our children are going to look back and say, 'What? You were around when gay people weren't allowed to get married?'
I mean, it's nice to get a dinner reservation ahead of other people, but when it comes down to it, the most important thing to me is the actual work.
I believe in finding a soulmate.
One of the best things for a woman to hear is that she is sexy.
I don't do damsel in distress very well. It's hard for me to play a victim.
I never struggled with trying to figure out what it was I wanted to do or what made the sparks go for me.
I'm not anxious to starve myself. For me, it's not at all sexy to be ultra-thin.
I hope they make a video game of me. At least I wouldn't have any cellulite then.
I don't go to McDonald's anymore. After I saw Super Size Me... no way!
I just adored working with Woody. He was more than I could have ever dreamed of. I'd do it a million times over.
I've always been very determined, ever since I was a little girl, to make my way.
If you feel glamorous, you definitely look glamorous.
I'm not telling people where to give money, but if there is to be a spotlight shed on me, then I'd like to direct that spotlight onto causes I think are worthy or onto interesting, progressive figures.
