American,Actress
I need to take everything one step at a time. If I think about that too much, I'll miss this amazing experience.
My story, I feel like it's amazing, because it shows people no matter where you come from, no matter what your lifestyle is, your dreams could still come true if you believe in yourself and push hard to do what you want to do.
Everyone at a point in their life is struggling to find out who they are and where they belong.
All my vocal coaches have been pretty great. Thank God.
I was one of the ones in my generation who actually did connect with 'The Wiz,' even though it was not on Broadway or the movie wasn't big anymore by the time I was of age to notice. But I was into it in middle school.
My generation probably didn't connect with 'The Wiz' the way that other generations did.
I'm from New Jersey. But I went to school in Los Angeles and all across the country. So, I can totally connect with missing home.
My biggest inspiration is Audra McDonald.
There's pressure with everything.
I really believe in prayer.
If I'm giving it 100 percent, I don't have anything to worry about!
Definitely had a lot of training since a young age. My teachers in high school have always helped me, gave me encouragement, taught me so much.
Just do what makes you happy and try. Just go out and audition.
Go out and chase your dreams no matter how crazy it looks.
The most important thing is to stay humble because there are always people telling you that you're this and that you're going to do that.
You have to be focused all the time.
I went to Los Angeles for acting, and I thought that's where I wanted to go, and I found out that I didn't belong there.
I want to do everything and be good at it.
I definitely learned that when you stay humble, you really focus on the work, and you remember that it's about the work. And you have people working with you who support you and love you, then nothing can go wrong.
It's important to believe in yourself because if you don't believe in yourself, then no one else can believe in you.
When I went to college, I wasn't really happy at there, and I really wanted to come home. Mind you, I auditioned for 'The Wiz' the day after I came home from college. I wanted to come home and try to go to a new school.
I just feel like it's believing in your instincts or believing in yourself to do something crazy. That's why it's important to believe in yourself and trust yourself.
I love animals so much.
My grandparents actually, whenever they got the chance, took me to Broadway, but that started when I was in high school, because that's when I realized... At the very beginning of high school, I realized, 'Oh my gosh. Okay, this is a career choice for me.' So yeah, then they always brought me to New York to see Broadway shows whenever they could.
Listen, I'm a performer, and all I'm worried about is just performing and just doing... This is what makes me happy, so no matter what, I'm going to give it my best shot, and I'm going to put myself all out there and give it 100%, and whatever happens, happens.
I'm very optimistic about the future, because... Okay, with Audra McDonald, even just on Broadway, they cast her in shows that are usually not played by African-American women, so she's very inspiring to me just because of that, you know what I mean?
