Irish,Actress
There are lots of actors, and you need a way to stand out. Writing comedy sketches was a way of doing that.
I never used to see anything on TV where the man was in the weaker position. It was always the female showing emotion, breaking down, being emotionally torn apart by men.
I'll cry anywhere because I can do it quite subtly. Walking, that's a good time to have a cry.
I despise shows that present friendship where you're always there for each other and really strong because I don't know anyone like that. I mean, I've got great friends, but I can go months without seeing them because I think, 'I just can't deal with having to give you anything.'
You feel you can pretend to be young until you're 50, but after that, what happens and how do you approach it?
I always, always want to make people laugh. In every situation. Even when it's inappropriate.
At 27 or so I thought, you know, I actually do really want to make money and have a proper life, and I don't want to be a loser. I know! I'll go to university and get a proper degree and maybe get a job in media... I went and did an English degree.
Comedians... they're different from actors. There's more ego there. They create the whole thing, I guess, so they're more precious.
I think that's important to women in comedy, that we get a lot of the good lines and you're not just the girlfriend or the sister.
I started writing sketches with Dennis Kelly, who I ended up writing 'Pulling' with. We entered a BBC competition and did quite well, then started writing bits for other people's shows. You wheedle your way in, write pilots and eventually you end up writing a sitcom.
I was the kid who liked making other people laugh, so maybe the comedy came before the acting.
No matter how many frustrations come along, or how many problems arise, I never lose the feeling of how lucky I am. I'm so pleased to be doing a job that makes me laugh every day. I'm aware that it's a huge privilege.
The thing is, I love a celebrity interview. Doesn't matter how big or how small. It could be Hillary Clinton or the guy who made it to the third round of 'Popstars,' I'll read it.
Any big televised event that starts at the crack of dawn is worth getting up for. I've done it all my life: big boxing matches, royal weddings, even TV-A.M.'s inaugural episode was enjoyed in pyjamas in my house.
Personally, my twenties were a complete waste of time. Professionally, I hope some good came of them.
I'm a sheep when it comes to opinions; I will change my mind and jump on the bandwagon.
Hackney gets a bit of a bad rap, but it's the only place I've ever lived that felt like a community. I know my neighbours.
I love Sutton House in Clapton, a beautiful example of Tudor architecture.
You've only got a short shelf-life as an actor, and I want to make the most of it while I can.
I never felt like I had to rebel against my convent upbringing, because it was comparatively regular.
If you're not the brightest or if you're not great at sports, or if you're not artistic, then you've got to find a way to make your mark; otherwise you're just this tiny little insignificant dot. I didn't want to be insignificant, so I made people laugh.
I've never for a second felt like my job has been more of a struggle because I'm a woman.
Spending way too long worrying about what people think about me is a bad habit.
I'm a massive scaredy cat. I'm scared of being in a fast car, I'm scared of being on a rollercoaster, I would never go skiing, I would never do anything that had the possibility of endangering my life in any way. I should get some therapy, really.
Things change when you get to 40. I'm embarrassed even that I'm going through it. In a very morbid way, at 40 you become aware of how long you've been on Earth and you start to question what you're going to use the remaining time doing.
Comedy and drama are less ageist media for women than stuff like light entertainment. But in TV or film, women have to be more pleasing on the eye than men.
