Canadian,Actress
I realized that bullying never has to do with you. It's the bully who's insecure.
If you can make me laugh, my heart is yours! I think there's nothing more attractive than someone who doesn't take themselves too seriously.
Growing up, I wish I hadn't tried so hard to fit in. I'd tell myself to just embrace what you were born with because it's beautiful and you were made like that for a reason. It's tough being a girl. I think we need all of the support we can get.
Personally, I don't really have a set style or look. It's pretty much what I feel like wearing that day, from a floral-print dress and high heels to ripped jeans and army boots.
I see a cute guy in Starbucks and I'm like... 'Oh, okay,' and I walk out. But who knows? Maybe I will ask somebody on a date soon!
Take that one thing you don't like about yourself and more often than not that's the one thing that makes you more special. Whether it's that gap in your teeth, or that mole you never liked, or your skin color.
I'm a huge pasta and pizza lover. I can eat those every single day.
After I finished high school I went to Hong Kong and Thailand and spent some time there. Just to get that whole experience of being out of the bubble that I was in from high school in Vancouver, to be able to travel around and be on your own was an amazing experience.
I'm more comfortable in heels than I am in sneakers.
I'm a longtime fan of American Eagle, so when they approached me about joining their 'Live Your Life' campaign, it already felt like an organic fit.
There's nothing worse than seeing someone chewing gum on the red carpet!
Yeah, you know, if I'm having an emotional scene I do like to go off and be by myself; not to say that I'm a method actor or anything like that, but for scenes like that that are more emotional, I do like to take that night off and not be so social.
I'll never turn down a red velvet cupcake.
I'd define my everyday style as put together, but also comfortable. A great pair of jeans and a cute top can be so versatile.
The craziest thing I've done getting over love is skydiving. I had a really upsetting breakup. When I broke up with my boyfriend I needed to like do something different and so I actually went skydiving to turn over a new page.
When I was in high school, I wanted to be a counselor and I wanted to work with kids. I've been through the worst of high school. And I want to motivate people to live the best life that they can, because we're only here for one life.
I'm a fan of designers and clothes that look beautiful, but more importantly, make me feel beautiful and confident. It's why I've always loved Stella McCartney, and more recently, Prabal Gurung. Their pieces are cool, yet timeless, and the fits are effortlessly flattering.
We all have to find beauty within us, as opposed to just our exterior.
I hate dieting. Let's just say that.
I actually just rock-climbed when I was away on vacation and now I'm searching out rock climbing gyms. That's my new obsession for 2013.
American Eagle clothing is stylish, flattering and all about embracing your individuality.
But I've met a few fans from across the world who've had my name tattooed on them.
For my prom I really wanted to wear a bright color - something that was going to pop and stand out.
I was dating my first boyfriend in high school for a long time, and we broke up before prom. I hadn't met anyone else that I really wanted to go with, and my friends have always been amazing. So I went with my friends and got a million photos with them!
It didn't take me very long to realize that modeling wasn't very satisfying. I was always asking people, 'How are you going to set up this shot? How will it be lit?' And they'd say, 'Stop. Just pose.' I had a problem with that.
I work with a cause called the Somaly Mam Foundation, and that is my purpose in life, above anything else. Everything that I do, I'm thinking about girls. As strong as we are, we're also sensitive, and I feel like men take advantage of that.
