American,Actress
I'm one of those people who thinks you can have a happy life and still be an artist.
For a while we lived in a tent we'd pitched inside his parents' house and we slept on pillows.
In school the kids thought I was freaky because I made straight A's and daydreamed a lot.
When I'd finished, everybody said they wanted me for this movie. At first I thought they meant a nudie flick since an awful lot of nudies are made in Houston.
Two months later at a party, Bernard pulled me into a closet and proposed. I said yes.
In Houston everyone owns guns and uses 'em - sometimes just for the hell of it.
And of course, now that Bernard and I have found each other forever, we're determined to create our own little world in order to survive the one we're in.
Pigs are not that dirty. And they're smart, strange little creatures. They just need love.
Acting in films hasn't changed me. I feel exactly the same.
We live from day to day and get as much joy out of experiencing as we can.
Making it big in this world is such a rip-off, you gotta keep your head together or it can be totally without meaning.
Bernard and I intend doing a lot with our lives and that includes actively helping other people. But how can we tell you our plans when we haven't finished making them yet?
Somewhere along the line, Bob said I'd better begin taking this business seriously, because, whether I liked it or not, I had a career.
I like to pick my own vegetables.
You think he's going to like you better, but then one day you look in the mirror and realize you've changed yourself - physically and emotionally - into a woman who's totally different from the one he was attracted to the first place.
Anyway, I went out and bought thousands of dollars worth of mature clothes so I'd look like a person to be taken seriously, instead of a pretty little twit.
I was traveling in Europe with Paul and suddenly realized my passport still said I was Mrs. Sampson.
I don't know if I was a desirable person, not just physically but emotionally and mentally and intellectually. I still have a long way go and a lot to learn, but I'm on my way, I don't think I'm terribly attractive, but I'm comfortable with my looks.
I'm not afraid of aging.
I felt little awkward about taking one boyfriend to see a film starring another boyfriend.
But I never let a fantasy get away, because I always stop to analyze it.
Having been an actress before becoming a producer has helped, because I realize the needs.
I suppose I learned organization from Altman.
There's nothing that can beat the feeling of doing a movie or a TV show that makes everyone feel good.
You don't direct ostriches, you herd them.
But most of what I've learned about acting - and a lot of what I've learned about life in the past seven years - was taught to me by Robert Altman.
