American,Actress
I think there's an anxiety in life where we automatically tend to look to the next thing or we're complaining about the past. Worrying is not going to make it happen or not happen.
We all have sadness in our life and things that we can draw upon.
Sometimes I'm like Dory from 'Finding Nemo.' I can't remember facts.
There is something at work that's bigger than us. It's about having a trust in life and being at peace that things are happening the way they should. You do what you do as well as you can do it, and then you don't worry or agonize about the outcome.
I loved working on Of Mice and Men. It was a wonderful group of people. John Malkovich is to me one of the best actors around right now-and a lot of fun to work with.
I'm in a space of surrendering and being open and seeing. It's a good place to be - the only place to be.
I say what I feel. I try to be tactful, but I can't not say what I feel. I have a really big problem with that.
I'm very strong and very confident.
Having my son, it's such a sense of completion as a woman; it's put me at peace.
At the very least, my tastes are out of the ordinary.
Bleaching my hair for Two Moon Junction... my hair was fried and I looked like an idiot.
Generally, Hollywood makes the same stories over and over. I've never wanted to do the same thing twice. If a script doesn't surprise me in some way, I simply can't commit to the project.
Harrison Ford... I love him. He's a man's man.
I can sing, but my voice is untrained. I'd like to do a musical someday.
I don't flirt and I don't play the people that I'm meeting with.
I don't think I could ever do a network sitcom because the humor is often based on some trite circumstance. I don't want to be a part of a show where it's mostly about coming up with the jokes.
I don't want my body to look like a man's. I just want to tone my body.
I love to dance. But I don't like being up in front of tons of people. I didn't have the desire to be performing in front of a lot of people. So it wasn't something I ever seriously considered.
I really loved Twin Peaks. When I saw the two-hour pilot, they screened it in the big theatre. I said, I don't know what is going to happen. I'm in this and I don't understand it. This is never going to sell. Who's going to watch this thing?
I was a brat. It was crazy, I was very picky. In other words, I didn't take advantage of what was happening.
I was told once that I didn't play the Hollywood game, and that's why I wasn't a big star. What they meant when was that I don't go to parties, and when I go to an audition and I don't like the script, they know it.
I'm contemplating moving to London for a period of time. I've been in Los Angeles for 15 years and I'm really tired of it. I'm continually uninspired by what's being sent to me. Even by huge films that they're doing there. They're just awful.
I've always been drawn to Marilyn Monroe, but certain aspects of her story may be too sad to tell.
In a perfect world, I could be doing some bigger films and balance that with some independent films because they seem to be the most challenging and unique.
It's completely different to work with a woman that is my age, maybe younger.
It's not sometimes realistic to think that something magical can happen, but I think I look for the magic.
I gained 50 pounds when I was carrying my baby.
Every time I think I'd want a huge, huge career, I realize I'd go crazy under that kind of scrutiny.
I'm a walking contradiction. I am funny that way.
For many years, I didn't feel I'd find anything that I'd like as much as 'Twin Peaks.'
Prince inspired me. He changed my life. I will miss him greatly.
There will only ever be one Prince.
On screen chemistry can be very different from off screen chemistry.
I loved doing 'Gilmore Girls.' I love Amy Sherman-Palladino. I'd do anything with her.
Those 'Airplane!' type of movies, they've never been my cup of tea.
If you're a young woman in Hollywood, then they want you to look a certain way and paint you in this and that.
The beauty of age is we grow, we learn. We have more wisdom. And as much as the youth-glorifying Hollywood would like us to believe, it's nothing. They're wrong.
Being a mother for me was like, 'Oh, this is what I've been looking for my whole life.' This brings me a sense of completion. I never knew I would love this deeply. It's so nice not to worry about myself anymore. I only worry about my children.
When certain doors opened around 'Twin Peaks,' I wasn't interested in walking through them. Now I just feel like I'm more open to life. I have two children. My life is not dependent on the business in that way.
