English,Actress
I'm normally a burger and chips girl - such a cheap date.
I'd like to rescue people in trouble, like Superman.
When you're hiding behind a character all the time, as soon as you have to be yourself, you feel kind of terrified.
I have angel wings and a halo on my wrist, which I got done on my 30th birthday in memory of my brother.
When a woman gets to 30, you ask her about having kids. I don't mind - all my friends are settled with kids, so I can understand people asking, and I even get it from relatives, but I'd be a fool to miss these work opportunities. And there's no time limit. One day I'll find my prince, but at the minute, I'm enjoying kissing a few frogs.
Kathy Burke has been a real inspiration. I think she's brilliant. I like the fact she doesn't care what she looks like on TV and just gets really into character. Obviously, she can do drama as well, but it's her comedy I love.
I'm always wearing Spanx, eating ice cream and feeling a bit lonely.
People can never work out where they know me from. They just come up and chat with me like mates.
I'm just some commoner trying to work in acting.
I certainly never get above my station - my family would soon slap me back down to earth.
Maybe I'm going from that tomboy-ish state to feeling a bit more womanly. I've enjoyed wearing some fancy frocks. It's nice once in a while.
I prefer theatre to television - you get to feel the love.
Appearing in 'Legally Blonde' has helped me find my inner girl, although at the beginning the director was constantly telling me off for sitting like a boy, with my legs apart, while wearing a cocktail dress and heels!
I'm really grateful to my parents for having the confidence in me to let me go. I was terrified I might have to slink back to the village with my tail between my legs, and treated every job as though it were my last - I still do - but fortunately, I got work and things seemed to slot into place.
Not having gone to drama school, I always feel like a bit of a fraud, but so far it looks as though I've not been found out.
When I saw 'Legally Blonde' on Broadway, I rang my agent and said 'I want to be seen for this,' but the rest weren't big choices, really. 'Hedda Gabler' was a phone call offering it to me, and as I've said before quite embarrassingly, I didn't know the play, so I didn't sit there thinking 'I would now like to tackle Ibsen.'
I've been so lucky with the people I've worked with, but I'm such a fan girl. When I moved to London at 16, I saw a man from a Dulux advert on the bus, and I asked for his autograph. I was so excited; you can imagine what I'm like now - I really need to control myself.
I'm grateful to be working. The most exciting thing for me is that I never get bored - I've done comedy, drama, musical theatre and now Shakespeare.
I swore on screen when I got the Olivier for 'Legally Blonde,' I was so surprised. Awards where the public vote mean a lot. I'm a big Twitter fan and like talking to people who support me.
I think the first album I bought was The Jackson Five, but the first CD I was given was 'Cotton-Eyed Joe,' the single! Bless my mum - don't know what she was thinkin'!
Every girl wants to play Bridget Jones.
I don't mind being unlikely. I'd rather that than be predictable.
I don't usually get to play sophisticated women. I usually do the old scrubs, chavs or slappers.
I pull my eyelashes when I'm tired or thinking - it's a nervous thing.
On my first TV job I didn't have a clue. They'd tell me to hit my mark and I had no idea what they meant. You just pick it up. And ultimately, all it's really about is pretending to be someone else.
You're used to having a camera in your face when you're playing a character - it's like having a mask on. But when you have to be you, you're so worried you'll make an idiot of yourself. Acting is a kind of escapism.
