American,Actress
When times are bad, people like to lose themselves in the sheer glamour of another period: beautiful wardrobes, magnificent meals served in elegant settings.
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.
The mob taught me how to play gin rummy.
If anything interferes with my inner peace, I will walk away. Arguments with family members. All that stuff. None of it matters.
I think of life itself now as a wonderful play that I've written for myself, and so my purpose is to have the utmost fun playing my part.
I'm a peaceful person once work ethic is established.
Women love working together. That's my experience anyway.
Sex is hardly ever just about sex.
I've made so many movies playing a hooker that they don't pay me in the regular way anymore. They leave it on the dresser.
You know when you eat too many sweets and get diabetes? Paparazzi are the diabetes of materialistic culture.
The person who knows how to laugh at himself will never cease to be amused.
It's useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, drunk, or running for office.
I don't do like diva trips and stuff.
We've had so many lifetimes of different cultures and different religions and different points of view and different wars and different loves and different children.
Remember, I come from such an excessively overdone, red-carpet place called Hollywood. So I'm used to people blowing up their success in ways that are far above and beyond the truth.
You know, I think I had my first past life recall when I was 7.
Maybe I'm a dream artist, as they call it.
I'd like to introduce someone who has just come into my life. I've admired him for 35 years. He's someone who represents integrity, honesty, art, and on top of that stuff I'm actually sleeping with him.
The more I traveled the more I realized that fear makes strangers of people who should be friends.
A person who knows how to laugh at himself will never ceased to be amused.
The best way to get husbands to do something is to suggest that perhaps they are too old to do it.
For me, the safest place is out on a limb.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. It's where all the fruit is.
I want women to be liberated and still be able to have a nice ass and shake it.
Someday perhaps change will occur when times are ready for it instead of always when it is too late. Someday change will be accepted as life itself.
I don't need anyone to rectify my existence. The most profound relationship we will ever have is the one with ourselves.
I was afraid I would get the Oscar for 'Irma La Douce' because it was popular. But I didn't want to because I didn't really think it was that good.
Of course, we're all a mass of contradictions.
I make my mistakes in public.
There are stars who are proficiently paranoid enough to hide what they really think. I can't.
I'm an artist, therefore I think I am sensitive to human pain.
I don't like leaving my dog when I go to England and she is with me all the time.
I'm not one for wardrobe.
Things are done according to money these days.
Movie makers now choose profit over vision.
I wasn't afraid of getting old, because I was never a great beauty.
Remember what people used to say about meditation? Now everyone is doing it.
We need proof in our society.
It's a big deal for me to say I'm over politics.
I love the idea that I'm the oldest one in the room because I can get away with anything!
Being old is such a treat!
I mean, no one asks beauty secrets of me, or 'What size do you wear?' or 'Who's your couturier?' They ask me about really deep things and I love that.
I'd like to go to another planet, which I might live long enough to accomplish. Just get on a spaceship and go. But not the moon. I don't see any flowers there. The moon is too close. I want to go further.
I can be a lazy slob.
I mean, I'm just speaking of my own experiences and my own desires, and it's a kind of a childlike wonder that could really possibly speculate on other dimensions.
I've gotten crankier in my old age.
I think the hill one has to trudge in order to understand a man's baggage is more of a trek than I'd like to take right now.
I look like a real bag lady when I go to Starbucks with my dog and get my chai.
When a child comes in, I believe that it's a 'multipersonhood,' and it knows it, its consciousness knows it, and it has a nuclei in the center of its consciousness that is the repository of all experience and all knowledge. And when you look in the eyes of your baby and you feel this sense that they are an old soul, I believe indeed they are.
When you walk 10 hours, 11 hours a day by yourself, you are doing a walking meditation.
