Indian,Actress
I completely agree that a sound sleep is the best beauty product. Sound sleep, one of the most important but underrated thing, helps to make you more beautiful. I can never understand how people work so hard that they miss out on their sleep.
I think broccoli is one of the must-have foods, as it contains multi nutrients and is high in vitamin C. Sweet potatoes are rich in complex carbohydrates, and fish, too, is healthy. There is nothing that I have on a daily basis, as it becomes monotonous.
I used to trust people easily, but now I'm a little careful because some experiences have taught me to not trust anyone blindly.
I want to do something that people have not seen before... surprise everyone. There has to be variety in work.
I always wanted to do something different with each film. So I guess that means that I wanted to not repeat myself. There has to be some kind of a new element in each project that I take up.
I went through a brief phase when I thought of other career options: being an air hostess and even a psychologist. But eventually, my destiny led me to acting. Moreover, my dad being an actor, I have grown up in a very filmi environment. I was encouraged to watch films since I was a child.
I use the products I endorse. For instance, I always carry the new Lakme Lip Love that I launched, and if you come home, there is one on my bedside table, too.
My father has acted in over 700 films. My mother acted in one film, 'Kismat with Mithun Chakraborty,' in which my father also had a role. My father fell in love with her and would drive her around in his sports car, and they subsequently got married. My mom is the most beautiful woman and I think she has taken some serum to look young all her life.
I know competition is there, and it can come my way by new, fresh faces that are around or are coming up. It pushes me to work hard. I know if I don't work hard, I will be left behind. So, I continue to work hard.
My style statement is to be myself! Because if you try to imitate someone else, you will end up feeling uncomfortable.
When you know someone, and you get to work with them, automatically there is this comfort zone which comes in.
Intimate scenes or a kiss is a very technical aspect of filmmaking. It is extremely mechanical.
I wasn't a friendly child. I was reserved and mostly kept to myself. My family tells me they've noticed a sea change in me after I've grown up. But I guess that's natural. Your surroundings, friends, college, etc. do make a lot of difference to your personality.
Now I am also friendly with people who are not so nice to me. From what I've learnt, it's nice to be friendly. It's nice to make people feel good about themselves.
Lack of etiquette and manners is a huge turn off. Men who don't behave decently are irritating. Also, I don't like guys who show off. When will guys realize that girls hate showoffs!
My last couple of films, 'ABCD 2' and 'Rock On 2,' didn't do as well as expected. It affected me quite a bit, but then easier said than done, I had to stop thinking about it and continue doing what I love doing best!
I am a mix of both old classic romance and modern. I think it is up to what suits the two people in love best!
When you are writing something that is false and presenting it as a fact without confirming... I feel it's extremely wrong.
I am a Mumbaichi mulgi.
Both my mother's younger sisters, Padmini and Tejaswini, are actresses. I am extremely close to Teju mausi, as I am quite similar to her. We both are adventurous, spontaneous, childish, impulsive, and a bit silly and have our own strange sense of humour.
From when I can remember, I wanted to be an actress. I am a die hard fan of dancing and would take my dad's clothes and my mom's clothes and dance in front of the mirror. I loved my dad's clothes, as they had a lot of glitter in them.
I think that people should really understand what it takes to make a film.
I have shot four films for sure. On most days, I wish that there were 48 hours in a day. When a movie is coming to an end and another is going to start, I've felt that I don't want to let go of this one just yet and say goodbye to the character nicely.
I'm never happy with the work I put in. No. I need to be told by my director and people around me that it is fine. Otherwise, I'll even go, like, 'One more take.'
I want to keep bettering myself as an actor and singer.
It is amazing to sing in front of a live audience. It is incredible. The energy is awesome.
