Italian,Actress
Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical.
You have to enjoy life. Always be surrounded by people that you like, people who have a nice conversation. There are so many positive things to think about.
There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age.
When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts. A mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child.
There is a Fountain of Youth: It is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of the people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age.
After all these years, I am still involved in the process of self-discovery. It's better to explore life and make mistakes than to play it safe. Mistakes are part of the dues one pays for a full life.
I've never tried to block out the memories of the past, even though some are painful. I don't understand people who hide from their past. Everything you live through helps to make you the person you are now.
A woman's dress should be like a barbed-wire fence: serving its purpose without obstructing the view.
Spaghetti can be eaten most successfully if you inhale it like a vacuum cleaner.
Sex appeal is fifty percent what you've got and fifty percent what people think you've got.
Everything you see I owe to spaghetti.
If you haven't cried, your eyes can't be beautiful.
It's a mistake to think that once you're done with school you need never learn anything new.
I think the quality of sexiness comes from within. It is something that is in you or it isn't and it really doesn't have much to do with breasts or thighs or the pout of your lips.
Mistakes are a part of the dues one pays for a full life.
Sex is like washing your face - just something you do because you have to. Sex without love is absolutely ridiculous. Sex follows love, it never precedes it.
I'm a giraffe. I even walk like a giraffe with a long neck and legs. It's a pretty dumb animal, mind you.
I always try to have a vacation.
Mistakes are part of the dues one pays for a full life.
The two big advantages I had at birth were to have been born wise and to have been born in poverty.
You have to be born a sex symbol. You don't become one. If you're born with it, you'll have it even when you're 100 years old.
I'm an actress. It's my passion.
There's no pleasure in working if you don't do the things you want to do.
Be careful about what you eat because otherwise you get fat! Do you like to be fat? Eat very, very, very little things. Almost starve, but I don't starve, because I eat very much.
Many people think they want things, but they don't really have the strength, the discipline. They are weak. I believe that you get what you want if you want it badly enough.
I eat a lot of salad, a little meat, and some fruit. That's all. But I like sweets.
