American,Actress
Around the holidays, or anytime I'm going on vacation, I try to bump up my cardio or lose a pound before leaving.
I like to have a massage therapist come to my house, get a massage, take a bath, go to bed. That's a perfect night alone for me.
When I'm home, I like a cozy, comfortable, calming space.
Being healthy and living a healthy lifestyle have always been very important to me.
I'm the hardest person to buy a gift for.
I like my home to be somewhere where my friends can feel like they can put their feet up on the couch and for it to feel like really easy living. I really love to have my friends over, cook dinner for them, catch up, and spend quality time with quality people in my life.
A simple compliment goes a really long way - for a guy to just come over and say, 'You have great hair' or 'I really like your dress,' and then just smile and walk away. That's a great move, because he's sort of putting himself out there by doing that, but it won't lead to any embarrassment if the girl isn't interested.
I prefer being a small fish in a big pond.
It's just fun just being a girl.
I think it's a responsibility for everyone to give back.
Less is more when you do a bright, bold lip. Just draw on black liner and some mascara and you're good to go!
I'm not really interested in thinking about marriage or kids at all.
I won a dancing contest to get into wrestling. That involved fans voting.
I love my fans.
You need to be smart about what you put in your body.
You can heal your body with food.
When I was wrestling, I was 19, I was young.
Confidence comes from within and as long as you are putting forth a respectable effort to take good care of yourself, you should feel confident about that path.
Your body begins to change when it burns and shakes... so when an exercise is challenging, I always think 'feel your body changing.'
I would say my best feature has to be my legs - they are 41.5 inches long!
I don't think I have any bad features.
I wasn't a wrestling fan growing up; I knew who Hulk Hogan was and stuff but I didn't watch it. I started watching wrestling about three years before I got involved with WCW.
I've been in the entertainment industry since I was five and it has always been something that has been in my blood.
I'm not really attracted to a big, jacked guy. I think that's a little excessive.
I'm very career-driven, so my focus and my energy has been into that.
I think that Brad Pitt is definitely a hottie. And his acting is so great that it makes him even more sexy.
