American,Actress
When you label somebody and put them in a box, then you put the lid on the box, and you just never look inside again. I think it's much more interesting for human beings to look at each other's stories and see each other. Really see each other and then see themselves through other people's stories. That's where you start to break down stereotypes.
I made good grades in school.
I used to be on dance team in high school; it was called drill team in Texas. And when I started doing theater sophomore year, I had to make a decision which thing I was gonna follow. It was a big shift because I sort of had all these friends on dance squad, and when I started to do theater, my whole identity shifted.
The amount of coordination it takes to shoot a television show is mind-numbing. There are so many things that have to be exactly right to create the correct environment for a single shot, let alone a whole scene or the full episode.
As a kid, I really, truly believed that if you swallowed a watermelon seed, something really bad was going to happen.
I think most actors like to do things that are right outside of their comfort zone.
I lived in New York for a long time. Right after college I went there. So I got my first cell phone in New York. Back when you would flip the phone up. Way back when.
I've been lucky enough to be part of some great ensembles in theater - I'd been doing theater since college.
I remember watching 'Colombo' a lot with my dad. That was one of the first detective shows I remember watching. And I remember my dad turning to me - my dad loves to turn to me and explain why things are funny. He used to do that with 'Seinfeld' all the time. He did it with 'Colombo', too, set the scene.
I lived in Park Slope, which is probably one of the most homogenized areas of Brooklyn. No offense to Park Slope.
I am the kind of person that wants to get up in front of crowds of strangers and perform monologues. To each their own.
Luckily, I have great agents who are sending me out for great stuff.
I feel like my agents are really amazing and smart.
I love stories that exist in this amped-up, personal world - sort of like 'Pee-wee's Big Holiday,' actually. That world really only exists inside that movie, but what a wonderful little world it is.
Weird stuff, for me, is not that weird. I guess if it were other people, they'd think it was weird. I eat nutritional yeast. And sometimes I take clay shots to help pull toxins out of my body. I eat weird L.A. food, so I guess that's probably weird in other people's eyes.
I think the first concert I ever went to was maybe a Five Iron Frenzy concert or something when I was in high school.
It's hard to make friends as an adult. You gotta work at it, you know? You have to ask people to lunch, and if you don't know them, it's weird.
I'm not really a super-serious person. I guess in some ways I am, but I do like to have a lot of fun. I mean, one of my favorite places in the world is Disney World, so that'll tell you a little bit about me.
I'm pan-Latino, or whatever that phrase is. It's not a sexy phrase, but it is a sexy, cool thing. That's how I feel.
I think, so many times in society, women are expected to behave a certain way. You are raised to say 'sorry' and 'excuse me', and get out of the way.
I've worked in predominately male sets my entire life. Shakespeare? Let's talk about that.
I literally used to stare at my face in the mirror with hate and anger. I'd focus on those gigantic zits and just wail about what a monster I was, how I would never have a career because of my gross skin. I couldn't pass a mirror with out thinking about how hideous my skin was and how I wished I was someone else, someone with perfect skin.
