English,Actress
My style is schizophrenic! One minute I'll be wearing bright girly dresses, and the next I'll be swinging towards more structured masculine things.
I think if you have a good night's sleep, you can take on the world.
I hate watching myself on film because I am so judgmental.
Kicks are my forte. I've got strong legs and high kicks. And I've got very good reach, obviously.
Once you take a role, you have to do it properly and do it justice.
The truth is, I'm not body confident.
I did model for a little while part-time, but I wasn't a bloody model, and I am definitely not that horrible thing 'model-turned-actress.'
Hairdressers call me dark blonde, but I think they're wrong. I feel far more naturally confident blonde. My mum's blonde, my sister's platinum blonde. I thought, 'When I grow up, that's what I'm going to look like.'
I don't know what it is about me, but I don't think of myself as sexy; I never have.
I am my own worst enemy. My friends and family will say, 'You've got everything going for you right now', and I say, 'Oh yes, but!' Which is not a good way to be.
When you're acting, you're escaping and hiding behind something. It's cliched to say, but there's a safety there.
I'm not interested in serial dating; I'd honestly rather be single.
The 1950s would be my ideal decade because I'm actually very traditional; I enjoy being at home, and I'm a complete nester.
I was brought up to think a lot about food and have respect for it, both as medicine and something to eat and enjoy.
Some people who meet me might think I starve myself, because there's such an assumption that being thin involves putting yourself through torture and punishing your body, but I'm just naturally skinny - you should watch me demolish a ploughman's lunch.
I love dressing up for events; to me it's almost like wearing a costume for the evening.
I have been working since I was 11 on everything including period dramas.
At 11, I got my first job in a mini-series for America, and it was very exciting.
Kids hate anyone who is different.
I hardly ever missed school, and I always got my work in on time. I was a good student and always got top grades.
I will normally eat about seven or eight mince pies in one sitting. Sometimes, I can get to double figures. My friends, and probably most people, stop at two, so they probably dislike me a bit for it.
I suppose I am one of those lucky people who eats what they like and doesn't gain too much weight.
I'm trying to cultivate a long-term career rather than get every job right this minute. That'd be putting too much pressure on myself. I'd go crazy if I thought like that.
I have to be careful not to do so many comedy airhead roles from now on. I've turned down a couple already.
Acting is an aesthetic career, which is annoying.
I'm neurotic about children. I see dangers everywhere - sharp corners, stairs.
