American,Actress
As a brother and sister, our tastes were pretty different growing up. He liked a lot of early hip hop. My dad didn't understand it and would try to talk him out of it.
Even though it seems like there are a lot of parts, there is really tons of downtime in the acting world.
I just had to find something else to fulfill me. Always being a singer and writing, it was a blessing. My brother started making music that was the kind of music I always saw myself singing.
I'm more like an animalistic rock chick.
The most interesting place I've gone on location was New Orleans.
I went through the process of auditioning like every other struggling actress in this town.
It's just different in the music world. You come more with an entourage.
There's definitely a whole different vibe on the set when there's like basically royalty working with us. We could have whatever we wanted. I felt like Britney Spears.
That's why I'm an actress, to do something completely opposite from myself.
My singing is my hobby. It's me and my brother. We just enjoy writing music.
I just get focused on whatever is in front of me. When I was filming Crossroads, it had all my focus. Now I'm all focused on finishing my recording so I can get that out. It's just day by day.
I play, in real life, Kim, who is actually Marshall Mathers ex-wife as of now. She lies and says she is pregnant because she really wants to keep him and he figures her out.
After reading Eminem's autobiography, which I did because I'm so interested in him as an artist, I respect him a lot. Even though he seems angry and mad, he's had to fight so many demons in his life.
Alison Lohman is an amazing actress. I was so proud to work with her.
My dad was a musician and I traveled around with him, so it was something that I knew.
It's really hard for actors to cross over and get any respect as a singer, and if I could just keep it separate and not use my music in movies, it's cool.
Some people might say I need to learn how to relax.
There's really nothing else I'm going to do with my life. I'd be useless if I weren't singing or acting.
When we saw our plane on TV as breaking news, it was the most surreal experience. A lot of the women were crying. There was a gentleman who was writing in his journal and crying. Seeing that isn't easy.
I would say our sound is soul pop.
It was Britney's movie. I liked that movie. It didn't get too much love, but a lot of people really liked it.
I would go visit my mom on Sundays, and my brother was working on stuff. I'd go in there and sing a little melody, then we started working with words and the next thing you know it was just born organically without really trying.
After we wrote The Wreckoning, our record label did listen.
It could be fun to sing with Prince or Michael Jackson. Justin Timberlake has an amazing new sound now.
Lauren Hill, I always have her solo CD nearby. I have Coldplay, Radiohead, just a mix.
I'm not really into movies on dates because you can't chat it up.
