American,Actress
Be yourself. You're okay. And it really doesn't matter what other people think.
Coffee makes me go crazy.
I don't have a connection to the fashion world at all.
I try to come at fitness and nutrition from a perspective of gentleness and what will make me feel good afterwards. I try to stay out of the mindset of needing to fix myself. I do whatever seems fun to me.
I wanted to wear a uniform when I was in high school, but I couldn't. I was like, 'It would be so much easier!'
My guilty pleasure is I like to watch a lot of HGTV. I really like watching design shows about houses, like extreme homes. Like buying a bridge and turning it into a house or something like that. I really am interested in home design or something like that... architecture.
I have learned to take the part of me that is very fearful and work on that. There is space for that in my life. I have learned to give myself a bit more freedom between 'action' and 'cut.' I come by all that fear honestly, like most humans have. I can't bring it with me to work, so in that way, the work feels quite liberating.
I'm a tall woman. At work, that means a lot of my co-stars have to stand next to me on apple crates. But apparently, my height bodes well in the fashion world.
As an actor, what I'm finding is that I really like the extremes. I think that's really fun to play with.
I didn't spend a lot of time with prison guards, but my father was an assistant district attorney for a long time so I was always hearing stories about prisoners and prison guards.
I'm the girl who will show up in jeans no matter what - but the jeans can get fancier and fancier.
I don't do detoxes or cleanses; they don't really work for me.
I like to do yoga, Pilates, dance, and things like that.
I started doing yoga in college, so that has just become a staple of a self-care routine for my mind and my body. My body craves it at this point, so I do it two to three times a week, sometimes more. I practice Vinyasa style yoga and sometimes mix it up.
Honestly, all the sweets and bad stuff on set don't really call to me because I'm working so much. I've trained myself to stay away from sugar.
I don't do detoxes or cleanses - they don't really work for me. I have a really moderate, simple routine. I like to do yoga, Pilates, dance, and things like that.
I actually like pole dancing! It gives you so much confidence. I never thought I'd do it, but now I'm really into it.
I know what feels good to eat and what doesn't. I try to err on the side of choices I know will leave me feeling more energized and ready to go, because it's always better to feel healthy.
In school, I was playing old men and women, babies, Russian people, and all sorts of weird parts - a lot of comedy - and that's sort of like home to me.
I don't like it when people don't hold the door. I don't know, that really bugs me... I guess I like manners.
If it's a good day, I get 'The New York Times' on my iPad, and if I have a little time in the morning, I like to look at that while I'm eating.
'The Notebook' is one of my favorite love stories.
Whatever it is that I am working on is what I become obsessed with.
I am very interested in Ayurvedic medicine and hope to explore it more someday. I only have a very superficial understanding of the whole thing right now. But learning what my body type is has shifted my whole self-care regime a bit, and I feel better because of it.
I try not to eat too many raw vegetables. I only have one raw meal a day. At night I eat warm, cooked foods. I like to drink lots of tea, but no coffee. Not drinking coffee has changed my game for the better.
Life is so much easier when I allow myself to be myself and go with the flow. Whatever that looks like on a given day. If I can get quiet enough to truly check-in with myself, I usually end up on the right track.
