American,Actress
I am blessed to be able to work at a job I love and also give back in the most vital way - to people in need.
I put a limited time on the blues. I say, 'I allowed myself to be blue for four hours, and now I'm going to stop.'
I didn't care at all about losing, but I just didn't want Emerson to feel bad, You know, I didn't win, but Felicity won, and when you come to the set next time, you can give her a big congratulations.
Acceptance is different than apathy. It is important to strive to be your best self, your healthiest, most productive, joyful self. But that is going to be a different answer to everyone.
What's good about talking about being victimized is that it is the beginning of being able to stop it.
Parents do the best they can. But my parents are better grandparents than they were parents.
I'm the breadwinner. I kill the spiders. Actually I don't kill them. I put them in a plastic bag and take them outside. I take out the trash cans. I change the light bulbs. I lug the 50 lbs. suitcases down the stairs.
I'd like to change my butt. It hangs a little too long. God forbid what it will look like when I'm older. It will probably be dragging along on the ground behind me.
My advice, Be healthy, reach your own goals and don't be afraid to impersonate a SNL star.
I'm a firm believer in putting your money where your mouth is.
At my lowest I was making nothing, of course.
I feel like I'm a stay-at-home mom, which I was for the five years before this. She's absolutely been my focus. That's the choice I made. Desperate Housewives is perfect for me. I get to go back to work and still be able to take my daughter to school and pick her up.
I feel like I'm too old to just have sex. I mean, I want to have sex, but with somebody who really loves me.
I'm a woman who carries around all these layers of fear and vulnerability.
In all my career, in my ups and downs, I've never had a beauty campaign. This was meaningful that at almost 41 years old, I could be getting my first beauty campaign. It made me feel really great.
It is truly a privilege to be able to support all women's causes on a global level. It is remarkable that something as simple as television can empower us to create change and awareness in the world.
My parents are really well intended, and I think their way of dealing with things is denial and guilt. Nobody wanted to talk about it. But all I did was blame myself.
With this book, I truly hope to reach everyone that I don't bump into on the street and share my story.
I am all about health... and to me, size is not what defines your health.
I'm 40 and I just got my first beauty campaign with Clairol Nice and Easy.
This was meaningful that at almost 41 years old, I could be getting my first beauty campaign.
Let me just say that every cover of every magazine I've done has been airbrushed to death. No woman should walk around thinking that's what they should be. You shouldn't be beating yourself up.
I love clothes that, when you put them on, you feel like you. I don't care whether anyone else likes them.
Beauty is a combination of qualities. I don't think one can deny that certain people or things feel aesthetically pleasing. But without an equally pleasing being behind that form, there is no beauty there.
When you look in the mirror, your 'appearance,' that outer you, is what you see first.
Changing what you don't like about yourself can be empowering, and that's not a bad thing. Feeling secure enough to own what is weak and missing from either your body, mind or spirit and to commit to action to change it is a good thing.
