American,Actress
I think I've realized that when you are aiming to create a real body of work, you are as much defined by the things you don't do as by the things you do.
I am multiracial, and I went through different phases - at one point, I listened to Wu-Tang and hip-hop, and then the next year I listened to Joni Mitchell.
The term 'breakout' always makes me think of an inmate or some butterfly emerging out of a cocoon.
'Veronica Mars' was my first job, and for some reason, my character changed her hairstyle halfway through the season from curly to - I don't even know why - suddenly straight.
I think when any one kind of film does well, it creates a precedent and paves the way for more like it.
There was a period when I had a hard time reconciling all the different parts of me in a way that I thought would make sense to others.
I think we just need to have a demand for fresh and nuanced movies.
I try to pick interesting projects, the kind of projects that I would want to watch.
The truth is, no, we don't live in a post-racial state anywhere in America, and this is particularly true in Hollywood.
I grew up partially in L.A. and partially in New York. In L.A., anything goes because it's really temperate. There aren't any fashion rules dictated by weather, whereas in New York, of course, there are. New York is seasonal, and also it's a fashion mecca, so people are a little more aware of how they put things together.
I was born and raised in Los Angeles. I split my time between the West Coast and the East.
Fashion is a funny thing to talk about. I think what you wear is definitely an extension of you, but I also think it's totally arbitrary.
I grew up as a kid looking at artists like David Bowie and Prince; I really admired them.
As a kid, I loved going to lots of thrift stores with my parents. There was a period where I thought it was embarrassing, and then I started to get older - I realized they were really cool.
I'm sort of obsessed with Harlem. Just its history. My father did the music for a play called 'The Huey P. Newton Story,' and they did a lot of work in Harlem. So as a little girl, I spent a lot of time in Harlem Library.
I eat almonds professionally, and I can't get enough of Yerbe Mate Cranberry Synergy Kombucha!
