American,Actress
You don't see sick animals in the wild. You don't see lame animals in the wild, and its all because of the predator: the lion, the tiger, the leopard, all the cats.
To be the object of someone's obsession is horrible.
These are the animals that are the reason why you don't see old animals in the wild. You don't see sick animals in the wild. You don't see lame animals in the wild, and its all because of the predator: the lion, the tiger, the leopard, all the cats.
As far as I know, Vera Miles had a terrible time with Hitchcock, and she wanted to get out of the contract. He didn't let her. She did 'Psycho,' and I believe, if you look at 'Psycho,' there isn't one close up of Vera, not one. After that, she would never even speak about him to anyone.
I can look at myself in the mirror, and I can be proud.
Working with Chaplin was very amusing and strange. His films are so funny, but working with him, I found him to be a very serious man. Whereas the films of Hitchcock are macabre, he could be a very funny man to work with, always telling jokes and holding court. Of course, when I worked with Charlie he was getting older.
I didn't think any amount of money was worth something that would take away what you believed in or what you stood for. I didn't want to do something my parents and daughter couldn't be proud of.
When you love someone, you treat them well.
Animal abuse is rampant in the U.S., right under everyone's eyes, for the entertainment of the public. The brutal confinement and pain of training methods of wild animals in the circus, the aquatic and theatrical shows, leads to retaliation by the animals. Eventually they find the right time to strike out, and they will.
I was under contract with Hitchcock before I even met him. They wouldn't tell me anything about the film, or who was working on it. They had all sorts of excuses as to why they couldn't tell me anything.
Self-belief? My parents gave it to me.
I kinda go for the Jane Eyre type of film. I am fascinated by classics.
I'm a loner.
I've always had a fascination for animals. I loved watching them, and even then I thought of them as beings rather than pets. I call it a birth affect!
My light shines when things get really tough.
I have a strong Lutheran background, and my parents instilled in me strong morals.
He was such a fabulous drama coach. What better person to have than Alfred Hitchcock? His work as a director was impeccable. I learned so much.
I use every single thing that Alfred Hitchcock taught me in my acting career... I am very grateful for the education he gave me in making motion pictures.
I don't know if you have ever been the object of someone's obsession - but if it's not of your desire, it is horrible. It is really awful.
Being the object of Alfred Hitchcock's obsession was horrific, but while he ruined my career, he could never ruin my life.
You can have a million dollar, 20 million dollar budget or 60 million dollar budget, and if you don't have a good script, it doesn't mean a thing.
I was at the end of the studio system so when I walked into movies, I had a magnificent suite in which I had a living room and a kitchen and a complete makeup room. I had everything just for me. With the independents, you're kind of roughing it, literally.
Hitchcock had a charm about him. He was very funny at times. He was incredibly brilliant in his field of suspense.
So I think it is common knowledge that Hitchcock had fantasies or whatever you want to call them about his leading ladies.
I had to be extremely strong to fight off Mr Hitchcock. He was so insistent and obsessive, but I was an extremely strong young woman, and there was no way he was going to get the better of me.
Because of 'The Birds' and 'Marnie' I was, as the expression goes, hot in Hollywood and producers and directors wanted to hire me.
I know so many people who are eaten up by regret. It manifests itself in so many ways. They either become mentally a bit off, or they get very fat, or they are just horribly depressed.
Hitchcock had a very strange mind.
Birds I am fine with - spiders are an entirely different matter.
