Australian,Actress
I love holidays. It's such a wonderful time for the whole family to be together and not have to worry about schedules and that kind of thing.
The better you know yourself, the better your relationship with the rest of the world.
I just want to find some inner peace, and I think I'm getting there, slowly but surely.
I think that the Japanese culture is one of the very few cultures left that is its own entity. They're just so traditional and so specific in their ways. It's kind of untouched, it's not Americanized.
Travelling's so much better when you know you've got a lovely home to go back to.
The people who are most attractive to me are those who feel most comfortable in their skin - there's a sense of self-acceptance.
I don't mind where I work, it's really nice to be able to travel around and taste the flavours of different countries.
My plan is to have no plan. If you know what plan you have, life has its own ideas and will take you in any direction it pleases. So my idea about life is to just be open to it and to go with the flow and go with my gut.
Being in the desert was brilliant and it was hard.
We were just covered in dirt the whole time. It was so hot - and that was in winter. I can not imagine what it's like in summer and how the people who actually live out there survive.
I'm glad that it was so physical and so isolated.
Sometimes it was so quiet, it's frightening. It really prioritizes things.
Cameron and I actually do wear the same size. It made it very easy for the wardrobe department.
I'm very happy with my lot. I like the variety I get. You don't want to spend your life repeating yourself. It's true of any kind of artist, you want to explore as wide and far as you can go, so that's what I've been trying to do.
I like being married, but it was never something I felt I had to do.
There are actors who are really fantastically talented at being natural on screen and appearing to be themselves, but I like the challenge of becoming somebody else.
I try to play real people who inspire me through something in their journey.
People are so fearful about opening themselves up. All you want to do is to be able to connect with other people. When you connect with other people, you connect with something in yourself. It makes you feel happy. And yet it's so scary - it makes people feel vulnerable and unsafe.
I don't try to live the life of my character but I think it's inevitable that there is some carry-over into your life.
I kind of realized I could sing, so I played around with that for a while. And that led me to acting in itself, which I came more passionate about by the age of 15.
An accent in a way can be an entry into a character.
I grew up watching a lot of American television and so the American sound has been in my psyche somehow for a long time and is quite familiar and so that does make it easier.
Also, I think having a musicality about me that helps in identifying different things in languages and getting them right.
I love kids, so working with them wasn't a problem.
Hal Ashby is one of my favorite filmmakers.
Lars Von Trier is a genius. Every film he makes is so honest and powerful.
'Krampus' had a certain originality about it, so I jumped on board.
Oh, I definitely want to direct. I have young children. My job is already big enough, and I imagine it will be even more so as a director, and I don't want to miss out on them growing up. I'm going to wait until they're a bit older before I leap into that seat.
I've never had a game plan. It's just if something comes along and it feels right in the moment.
The one thing I want to do - and I am doing - is starting my own production company, for me to produce and direct in the future. Have a bit more say and control - become the storyteller more than just the character. I want to choose the story, plant the seed, and watch it grow. I just want to have a bit more involvement.
The potential strength of female friendship and the bonds that can be formed, especially over a lifelong relationship, is very profound.
In a lot of films, forever it's been boy-meets-girl, and thank God for films like - I know it's going to sound ridiculous - 'Frozen.' I was so excited for my daughter to be able to watch a love story between two sisters instead of some stupid prince.
I love working. I love it! It makes me feel awake and alive and appreciative, as does my family, but in a different way. If I was told I couldn't do it, I think I would wither and die.
I'm starting to realise that there are certain themes that I return to, those being that there is no such thing as normal, and people finding their voice and living authentically. And also that you can be influenced and helped through an extended family.
I played a lot of mothers before I even became a mother. It wasn't like I set out to be some sort of mother crusader.
After 'Muriel's Wedding,' I first went to America, and I was sent all these scripts about fat girls overcoming hurdles. Something in me knew not to go down that road, even if it was a good script.
I just never want to repeat myself. I also don't want to be bored in life. The great luxury of being an actor is you get to be different people, and I would hate to be repetitive.
I hate it when the mother is just the mother in movies.
Mothers are so awesome. They do so much. They wear so many hats and have very passionate relationships with their kids, and with life, and I think it's a real balance having your own existence and then being this responsible, kind of loving person in someone else's life or several other people's lives.
Meditation is an essential aspect of my life.
My 20s were totally bonkers. I was living out of a suitcase and burning the candle at both ends. But I tell you - I am totally over it.
If I hadn't had acting, I would probably have imploded.
My face moves, unlike some actors' do. I guess it's kind of a response to what's happening internally.
I'm a fan of music, some rock music. But I like many types of music. But I suppose a kind of longstanding love of specific bands would be Radiohead, Wilco, Neil Young, Tom Waits, REM.
To be able to create a character and tell a story is a crazy way to make a living. I feel so lucky to be able to do this.
I've done a couple of films in Philadelphia, and it's a great, great town.
Planning and worrying and chaos in your mind? Forget it. What's the point of that?
If I get dressed up, and my boyfriend says, 'You look gorgeous,' I kinda feel funny. I don't know if I'm particularly comfortable with being attractive.
I'm not Buddhist, but I am drawn to it because it seems the most beneficial of organised religions and the most compassionate.
I've been extremely happy and fortunate in terms of what I've achieved and the experiences I've been given.
