Swiss,Actress
When I go to a country, I go to flea markets, antique stores. I am always looking for something.
I take care of my flowers and my cats. And enjoy food. And that's living.
I have no problem with nudity. I can look at myself. I like walking around nude. It doesn't bother me. I see all the people walking around nude; it doesn't bother me.
I love everything that's beautiful. A lot of things.
This bikini made me a success.
Collecting is my joy; it gives me great satisfaction.
Collecting is my passion.
Don't take anything from me because I'll track it down.
Elvis and I continued to be friends, and I saw him once or twice a year. But he was a troubled person.
Even if you have $20,000 to buy an item, you still try to get a good price at antique stores. I collect furniture, rugs, paintings, frames. It's my hobby to go around to shops and markets.
Everything is a piece of me, a moment of my life.
I couldn't live up to it. So I chose to run away.
I didn't see Dr. No for a year, but I liked it when I saw it. It was a fun movie. I don't like the Bond movies now. I hate special effects.
I don't have time to think about age. There are so many things to do.
I don't use my body to seduce, no. I just stand there.
I fell from the sky. I'm a parachutist, and I missed my mark.
I hate the word sexy.
I hate to look at myself in a mirror, and I never go and see films.
I live in Italy. I visit my family in Switzerland.
I mostly gave away what I had from the James Bond movie.
I never went to school. I never went to acting school because I was so scared.
I suddenly find out that I'm 60, and I get shocked by the number, because I feel like I'm 20.
I wanted to be a decorator. I wanted to interior design homes and do everything myself.
I was under contract to Paramount. They wanted to make me into somebody which I was not. So I got so scared and rebelled, so they threw me out of the studio.
I'm always shocked when I see myself because I don't recognize myself.
If I don't have room for an item, I put it in warehouses.
