American,Actress
When you finally accept that it's OK not to have answers and it's OK not to be perfect, you realize that feeling confused is a normal part of what it is to be a human being.
What you wear - and it always starts with your shoes - determines what kind of character you are. A woman who wears high heels carries herself very different to a girl who wears sneakers or sandals. It really helps determine how you carry yourself.
I'm getting asked a lot, 'You don't have kids, so how do you know how to act like a mother?' I know nothing could compare, and I haven't had that experience, but when my niece was born, I felt like I would jump in front of a car and die for this little person I didn't even know yet.
You go through spells where you feel that maybe you're too sensitive for this world. I certainly felt that.
The older you get, the more yourself you can be and the less worried you are about what other people think.
I've been embracing aging. I always have, since I was a kid. When you're the kid on the set for so long, you just, like, daydream about being older.
I love photography and first editions. I have that in my genes. My father was an archivist.
You can't pay enough money to... cure that feeling of being broken and confused.
Weird people follow you in the streets, you can't sit alone in a restaurant or a cafe and read a book in peace, and I think everybody values those moments of being alone.
I wish I could unknow this, but there is a perception of me that I'm super-sensitive and fragile. And I am super-sensitive, and I don't think that that's a bad thing. To do what I do, I have to remain open.
I went from weirdo teenager to pixie waif to them not knowing what the hell to do with me.
I've always been fascinated with twins.
My dad took me to all the best rock and punk shows when I was growing up and music has always been a part of my life. So I'm very interested in the music scene and I suppose that's why I've ended up going out with musicians. Dave Pirner is still one of my best friends.
Break-ups are hard for anybody, but it's particularly tough when it's being documented and you see the person's picture everywhere. Most people don't have that added problem when they break up with someone.
It's great concentrating so hard you feel your brain will explode.
It's all about knowing when to listen to that conversation and - without sounding really hokey - when to tune it out and follow your heart.
It's also a question of finding good material and interesting roles. I'm not the only actress out there, and good parts just don't fall into your lap that easily. But I like most of the films I've made recently and so I'm pretty positive about the future.
You've got to grow up sometime.
I'm quite comfortable looking at myself in movies, probably because I've been doing it for so long, since I was a kid. So I sort of watched myself grow up and go through adolescence, like, basically on camera.
My father is an atheist. My mother is Buddhist. They encouraged my siblings and me to take the best part of other religions to make our own belief system.
I have my email on my Blackberry, and that's about it.
I'm just coming from a more personal - and, I guess, more nostalgic - point of view.
People don't realise how much tension they hold in their forearms.
Money doesn't matter on a deeply personal level. It doesn't make you feel any happier. But of course I am very aware that I don't have to worry about earning a living or about those very important practical things that most people have to worry about on a very real level.
I'm not someone like Norma Desmond who's harking back to her younger days.
I'm not into older guys. To tell you the truth, Richard Gere is not the sexiest man alive, in my book.
I was inspired by lots of people, certainly in acting and in writing and stuff, but I never wanted to be somebody else.
I loved movies, but I can't remember ever really wanting to be an actress, and I certainly didn't imagine ever being in a movie. I think I wanted to be a writer.
Even though 'Heathers' didn't make a lot of money, I really was able to transition into a situation where people thought I could play an attractive role because of it.
I'm not interested in playing the girl that's just there to make the guy, you know, give him a talking to.
I've loved making movies. I feel like I've been so lucky because I've gotten to be in movies that are some of my favorites, regardless of my being in them - like 'Heathers.'
I was very lucky because Tim Burton really gave me a career. I don't think Hollywood would've known what to do with me. If I hadn't done 'Beetlejuice,' I think I would've just gone back to my school.
It's equally as important to me to be a good friend and a good sister and a good daughter. I'm very close with my family and friends.
Life's short, so if you're going to spend months doing something, it's gotta be pretty special... But I'm very happy to enter my Baby Jane years, and hopefully segue into the Ruth Gordon years.
I think it's important to have as much as a normal life and take the time to get perspective because it only helps your work in the long run.
I don't use the Internet, but apparently you can find out everything on it.
I'm the type who'd rather not work than work on something I'm not into. I've done that a couple of times, and I feel like I can totally see it in my performance.
I would love to someday do a play. I did one when I was very young in San Francisco, where I grew up. A girl can dream.
I am not a person who can really sit around and think about regrets because with every bad experience that you have, there is weirdly something good that comes from it.
I feel like I had to learn how to take care of myself and find out what made me happy aside from just making films.
Googling yourself is maybe one of the worst things you can do. I did it once, and someone had to talk me off a ledge.
I love getting older. I think it has to do with always being the kid on set.
I was single for a while and dating and... I just didn't know how to do it! I've always been like that: when I was 15, there was a guy I liked, and we made out, and I thought that meant he was my boyfriend.
I'd rather never have been married than been divorced a few times. Not that there's anything wrong with divorce, but I don't think I could do it if that was a possibility.
When your parents are madly in love for 45 years, your standards are really high.
You have to work to be relevant. If you don't, then people will forget, and the studios won't want you because they won't remember the last thing you did that made money.
It used to be that you commit to something, and then basically you spend your year doing that. Now there's a constant conversation of how you have to keep working in order to remind people that you're around.
I was fired from a movie because I did 'Heathers!' I was cast in a movie, and the director saw an advance screening and was offended by it and fired me.
I remember when I was about 18, Sean Penn made a bet with me. He had just directed his first movie, and he's like, 'By the time you're 30, I will bet you $500 that you'll be sick of acting.' I'm still waiting to collect, because I'm not.
I wanted to be just a normal girl flirting with a normal guy. It's like, you meet people, and they know this stuff about you. It's why you want to meet somebody who's in the same business, only because they understand more. But you don't necessarily want to be with another actor.
I was watching TV, and there was this oldies-but-goodies film fest, and 'Lucas' came on. I was like, 'Oh my God, I'm an oldie!'
I'm so sick of people shaming women for being sensitive or vulnerable. It's so bizarre to me... I do have those qualities, and I just don't think there's anything wrong with them.
I get sent a lot of scripts where you're just the mom.
I love watching old movies, and I read a lot of autobiographies.
Apparently, Bette Davis and a lot of actresses had a hard time in their 30s, too.
I'm used to being told what to say, but not what to think... that's usually left up to me.
When I was young, I was the sweetheart of the press. They loved me but were kind of waiting for me to mess up. I had no skeletons in my closet, no major past to talk about.
When I'm acting well, it's the most exhilarating experience. When I'm bad, it's miserable.
There's a couple of times that I did it for the... paycheck. Even when I was younger - I remember I did this movie that wasn't good, called '1969.' I totally did it 'cause I could get out of school.
I can see it in even great actors' performances, when they're phoning it in.
With 'Ed Wood,' I sobbed. With 'Frankenweenie,' I was crying. With 'Edward Scissorhands,' I always cry. There's always an incredible amount of purity, even if they look a certain way.
On the set for 'Beetlejuice,' it was before people would go watch on monitors, and directors would be next to the camera.
It's interesting because, even with 'Beetlejuice,' I was an awkward kid. I started at puberty and went through it on film. Lydia was one of my favorite roles because I related to her a lot.
I just did what I found interesting. I was so lucky that I was able to do that, especially in the '90s. I was really able to have a life to go back to.
I binge-watched this show 'Damages.' Glenn Close and Rose Byrne are so good. Lily Tomlin is in it. You see all these great actors, and the writing is terrific. There are a lot of shows like that.
I did this little movie I really love called 'Experimenter,' but that took six years to get made and no money.
There was a time when all that mattered was that you were in a good movie.
I would not want to go back to playing the ingenue.
I did 'Beetlejuice,' and it was a big movie, but it didn't help my high-school experience. In fact, it made it worse. I was a freak and a witch.
One of my worst fears is being a self-indulgent person.
I've always been super-private and protective of certain experiences and certain friends.
My home is San Francisco - that is definitely what I consider my home.
Some people go to L.A. just to see recognizable people. There are tour buses. But in New York, everyone seems a little less into that.
Usually, the roles that you get offered that are the mom roles are very much the mom role.
The Duffers can be super articulate or very straight to the point. I was really impressed with how they were with each other.
There are certain directors who will start talking to you about something, and suddenly you'll be ready to roll, and you'll realize it was very specific.
Scorsese would talk to me about this movie 'The Heiress' with Olivia de Havilland. We were talking about this scene in it, and suddenly we were rolling. It was very intentional, and I didn't realize - because we talk old movies all the time.
I don't have any interest in being a movie star.
It was hard to find that transition to adult roles.
My favourite performances are by actresses like Bette Davis in 'All About Eve' or Gena Rowlands in pretty much anything - performances that have nothing to do with age.
As a teenager, I worked on Indian reservations, and it was such an incredible culture: the elders are so respected.
In real life, and for women everywhere, no matter what their job is, your 30s and your 40s and beyond should be celebrated.
Part of me feels like when you had a lot of success in your teens and 20s, it gets harder for you in your 30s because people are so attached to you as this ingenue. So even though you're older, they still think of you as that girl - that waifish young girl. And so it was sort of like a struggle.
Remember when you were a kid, and everyone used to say, 'Would you rather be interested or interesting?' And to me, it was always like, 'Interested!' How is that even a question? I feel very lucky that I'm just really, really interested in a lot of things.
I'm part of the crew obsessed with 'The Wire.' Like, I'm not over that yet.
I don't have a director's mind.
I would have to say 'The Crucible' stands out because it was one of the best experiences I've ever had, but, you know, Arthur Miller being present on the set - which was wonderful and incredible - but, to have him in your eye line is quite intimidating. It's such a beautiful language he created, so that was challenging but exciting.
Even though I never really had to pound the pavement as an actor, I always worked really hard. But, at the same time, I always felt like people thought that I didn't have to struggle even though I was struggling.
I approached work very seriously. I never went out. I couldn't fathom people who could go out to clubs... I mean, if I had a 6 A.M. call, I had to be prepared. I had to be in bed at a certain hour.
My problems seemed so glamorous to other people, and everyone just thought I was so lucky. But then, I was lucky because my family was really there for me - San Francisco was a real refuge.
It's like, sometimes I'll watch a movie, and it's got some big star in it playing a working-class person, and the character is in a grocery store, and you can kind of tell, from just watching the scene, that this actor doesn't do their own shopping. So you have to have some sense of reality.
I feel a little stronger than people perceive me.
I definitely count my blessings. I feel like I've had such a great ride. Early on, to be able to work with some of the people I did, I feel really lucky.
I was unusual looking - I didn't have the look of that time. If you look at 'Lucas' - and, basically, my first five or six movies - the characters are not described in the scripts as attractive people.
I want to be a good friend, a good sister, a good person and a good actress.
Honestly, if it wasn't for 'Beetlejuice,' where would I be? That movie was a big thing for me.
I remember a lot of conversations where I was constantly hearing, 'You've gotta do this movie so you can do that movie. You've gotta make a big movie so you can make a small movie.' But I can't act like that.
When I think about the stuff I've turned down or the stuff I wasn't interested in, I don't have any regrets. Yes, there were some movies that went on to be really popular. But now, how do they really fit into things?
I would never give advice, because I would feel very presumptuous.
The 1980s was the era of the blonde cheerleader.
The description of my character in the first few movies I did was always 'nerdy,' but I liked that; it was way more interesting.
