Indian,Actress
When I look back at my past mistakes, I realise that there were times when I wasn't myself, and that's why certain styles did not work well for me.
No matter how long my day has been, I never forget to remove my make-up and slap on some intensive moisturiser before I go to bed.
My mantra is simple: work gets you work, and good work gets you good work.
We all love to be admired and given compliments, but I don't really keep track.
I try and groom myself, be it through fitness or dance.
India-Pakistan war and romance have always been sensitive issues for film-makers in both the countries.
It's a great opportunity when one gets something new to grasp, and I feel we should just grab it.
It's an amazing experience to work with Hrithik. He is one of the finest actors, and there is a reason for it. He is extremely hardworking and fully dedicated.
Hindi films are so deceptive. I thought Mumbai was this big, grand, beautiful city with sea-facing flats.
We all should face some failures in life and learn from them. We should accept it and move on.
I generally like to wear my hair down, preferably with soft curls. But when I'm having a bad hair day, I like to wear my hair in French braids or fishtail braids.
I think you need to love giving compliments as much as you love receiving them.
The challenge starts when you first come to Mumbai. But it's momentary if you win an award.
I'm not a gadget freak.
I love the way Tyra Banks dresses up - she looks so elegant and glamorous in whatever she wears. The confidence and attitude she exudes on and off the ramp is remarkable.
I love feminine soft shades for summers - I like pastels and bright hues, too. I like summer dresses and tank tops; I think they never go out of style. As much as I'm happy with Western wear for red carpet and social dos, I also like Indian ethnic wear for special occasions.
I believe in nourishment and having a balanced diet. I avoid bingeing and try and eat healthy, especially lots of amla, and drink lots and lots of water.
I have never anticipated success. I choose work, give it my best shot, and leave it.
You need a director, a script, and a role to justify a risk.
My career is a journey for me, and any journey is incomplete without the struggle.
I think a good rapport is required between actors for any film.
I used to hate stilettos. It took me a lot of time to understand how to walk in them and look graceful. And eventually, you realise their importance.
Fashion is anything which is you and reflects your personality, and if you are comfortable with what you wearing, you'll look trendy and fashionable for sure.
I'm there on all the social networking sites, as it plays an important role.
'Sanam Re' is an amalgamation of an emotional love story and a visual treat.
I take full pride in the fact that I'm from Chandigarh.
My grandfather started a school for the underprivileged in Chandigarh, and that is why we moved from Himachal to Chandigarh. It was a small school, where even I would teach while in school.
It's not just about achieving success; the journey is equally important for me.
It's a coincidence that most of the films I have done are to do with social causes.
South India has beautiful villages.
I don't look forward to anything. I take things as they come.
I have always been a fan of Kajol Ma'am. The way she portrayed Zooni's character in 'Fanaa' is etched in my memory. I have watched the film several times, and each time I have learnt something new from her performance.
It is very difficult to work in another language, and it is also very challenging.
There may be 10 odd things which I want to do as an actor, and we get an opportunity also, but I need to be sure whether the person I am trusting or the role that I am relying on - is it the correct one?
In all these years, I've understood one thing: that it's only your work that should do all the talking.
I feel nothing can push you till the time you want to get pushed.
Understanding the importance of evolving is very important. Reinventing is very important. To break what you have already done is very important. That growth should never stop.
It's a pure dream team to work with Hrithik, Sanjay sir and Rakesh sir.
The reason behind Hrithik being the best dancer is that he never takes his work for granted.
Every actor wants to do a love story, and courtesy T-Series, I got to do two back-to-back.
Junooniyat for love but not necessarily from the romantic perspective. For me, that is for family, that is for my work. For me, both these things are very important, so there is junoon for people I love, which is my family, and my work, which I worship.
I have always done work to which my heart says yes.
If a film is a huge hit, you do think properly before choosing your next projects.
I am not from a film family or a Mumbai girl. The probability of getting a second chance is low, and so one has to be more careful.
I have done work that has appealed my heart, and 'Total Siyappa' is something I really liked.
When I came to know that I have to do a dance sequence with him, I was nervous. After all, he is Hrithik Roshan.
To do a romantic scene is the most unromantic thing to do on screen.
Shoes are important to me because I don't do much with my clothes.
You will always see big, chunky bags around me. I have always been fond of bags. Bags are extremely essential because I keep my books in them.
I love crop tops and love the way Taylor Swift teams them. Her style is relaxed; I can relate to it.
I am following a particular diet, and it requires me to not just eat right but also at the right time. So, I carry food from home.
I think Kareena Kapoor is gorgeous. She is effortless. I have never seen her go overboard with her make-up or the way she dresses. Even off-screen or when travelling, she looks gorgeous.
I would love to go to Ladakh - there are beautiful monasteries there and because I am from Himachal. I would love to go to Paris. I haven't been to New York, which I have heard a lot about. And, I would love to go to Kanyakumari. I think that would be interesting!
As a child, I always wanted to be an actor. But as I grew older, the acting dream kind of faded away, and I took to studying a lot. A few years later, a relative of mine who really wanted me to try my hand at acting sent my photographs to a few production houses, and like they say, the rest is history.
On the sets, Ali Zafar was extremely entertaining... he would just start singing out of the blue. It was just great!
I did a whole lot of work before taking up my first movie. From TV commercials to Telugu films, I learnt a lot from them all.
Like every actress, I, too, had movies that got stuck, but I have learnt to always look at the best in every situation and to give my best to every situation.
I will just generalise it that anything that I find too disgusting is not worth an answer.
Most of the time, we keep looking outside and feeling sad about what others have. Those are mere excuses.
I would rather wait and keep working on myself harder and wait for the right opportunity. It is not quantity but quality I should be remembered for.
I had some great experiences, but there were times when films didn't do well right, especially after 'Vicky Donor.'
It's difficult when your family are not physically around you.
You have to be very strong and headstrong to make your place. You have to know how to say no. Patience is very important.
I was very quiet at college and had a certain group of friends.
Yes, I do come with certain reservations, and I'm not OK with certain things, but rather than focusing on what I don't want to do, I focus on what I do want to do, and I bring that energy, and that happens.
I am happy with the response I am receiving for 'Kaabil.' Audiences' love is what we work for, after all.
There has to be that zeal to do something new and surprise yourself and audiences. You have to stay true to your craft, and that should never be sidelined.
I have to live up to the love I am receiving.
I can't run my career based on someone else's ideology.
I have always believed in quality work.
Delhi is full of energy. It is special to me because I have shot my first film here, and it is closer to my home town Chandigarh. I love the food, the vibe, and the people here.
I'd love to be able to dance like Madhuri Dixit.
I do hot yoga and TRX, a kind of suspension training.
