Australian,Actress
I feel lucky that I got to work with some of the big legends in town.
I loved school, I loved putting on my uniform and doing homework every day. I was one of those good students that the teachers liked. I guess that's got to be a pretty nerdy, geeky part of me.
I've always been a very outdoors sort of girl. I'm more a tomboy than a girly girl.
Sarah is very strong. She's really intelligent and she's very physically capable. I like to put that into my own life as well.
You definitely cannot please everyone at all.
I remember being at Greenblatt's on Sunset, and some guy just walked straight up to me, and he had some bling on and whatever, and said something about a party down in Malibu and asked if I would jump in his car and go to the party. All I could think was, 'Who are you? I don't know you, and I don't care about how good your car is.'
I grew up being absolutely in love with Tom Hanks. I remember, all the kids had Brad Pitt plastered all over their textbooks, and then I had Tom Hanks plastered over mine.
The more gunk I have on my face, the less free I feel.
I was acting since I was a kid, going to drama classes and being involved in every school play and musical that I could get my hands on, so it was something that was a part of me from a very early age.
I'm such a boots-jeans-tops-blazer girl.
I've tried coconut water straight up before, and to me, it's a little funky.
I'm a crier. I always cry. I cry at the dumbest things, too. This is why I sort of steer clear of movies and films that I know are going to be depressing. I don't care how many awards they've won - I know they're good. I don't need to watch them, because I don't want to be depressed, and I don't want to cry.
I grew up with horrible skin. I had cystic acne ever since I can remember. I ended up finally listening to those people who say you are what you eat.
It would definitely be fun to do a musical one day.
We did a lot of high school productions. My first was 'Twelfth Night.' I played Viola. We did 'Much Ado About Nothing' and 'Taming of the Shrew,' and a lot of musicals: 'The Wiz,' 'Bye Bye Birdie,' 'Oliver.'
It's often the death of the show when you break the tension and the two lead characters get together.
I have a strong dance background. I danced from age five until 18, and that helps a lot. Doing a fight routine is like doing a dance routine.
I love watching a good, freaky horror movie. I love it. It's one of my favorite things to do, to go and see at the cinema. Just to tune out and be freaked out.
I've been very physical my whole life. I went out hiking and camping for days in the Australian forest, and when I trained at drama school for three years, we did a whole lot on stage-fighting techniques. And I was a dancer from 5 to 18, so I have a memory for choreography.
I'm pretty gross. When I talk I can be gross and crude.
I know that one of the distinguishing things was I looked like I could hold a gun, even though I'd never held one before and I'm physically able to do the martial arts and all that stuff.
I was a tomboy and didn't pay too much attention to my clothes.
I think a man is a man, and a man has a hairy chest, so let that be!
I guess I am a bit of a traditionalist.
I'm scared of karaoke. I think if I did have a go to karaoke song, it would be 'Whatta Man' by Salt-n-Pepa.
I don't know if this classifies as a video game, but I have a terrible obsession with Angry Birds.
I landed the female lead role on 'Chuck' within three days of landing in L.A., so it was a little overwhelming, and I definitely felt like I got thrown into the deep end.
I always had dreams as a kid. I definitely sat at home and watched the Oscars every year and got emotional every year at everyone's speeches.
I dreamed big. So it's so great to be living my own dream. I'm working in an industry that I want to work in, and I'm doing something that I love every day. So I feel really lucky to have had so many opportunities.
I was a goody two shoes - a straight-A girl, and I took pride in my studies.
I don't eat sugar. I eat fruit.
Ironically, I'm a really crap liar, even though I do it for a living. I give away too much, somehow. I can't lie!
Filming '24' is just like watching '24.'
I think the Aussieness got beaten out of me back in the States.
I enjoy living in L.A. This is where the work is - or at least generated from - because you fly off and do movies. It's sort of a great way to see the world.
I wanted to honor my heritage and where I came from and keep the name. It was a tough decision to even change the spelling of it phonetically. I wanted to keep it as close to the original as it can be.
I try to keep my private life private and the acting stuff separate.
'The Handmaid's Tale' is a human story, and women's rights are human rights, and it's all about equality, but at the end of the day, it's not equal.
There's something about trying to figure out why someone is doing something that on the outside is horrible - what drives them to do that? What could drive any human being to that kind of behaviour?
I think humans are fascinating in general. We're so weird. We do so many quirky things, and we don't even know it. There's just so many layers upon layers of nuances in everything we do, and the most fun part as an actor is trying to get into all those nuances, whether they're conscious or unconscious.
I was in Toronto when the big Women's March was going on, and I thought, 'Well, I've never been to a protest, and I can't sit this one out, and they're having a gathering here in Toronto, so I may as well go,' and gosh, I didn't expect 60,000 or 65,000 people to be there - it was huge! It was something that I didn't feel I could sit out at all.
I feel like with 'Chuck,' because it was a comedy-based show, it was more cartoon-ish. It was just more playful. We had a lot more fun with it. There was a lot of silliness in there. There were serious moments, as well, and there was a lot of heart in that show, but its baseline was comedy.
We don't really see a lot of comedic moments in '24.' In fact, I haven't seen all of it, but from what I have seen, I don't know if I've ever laughed at anything that anyone has done on '24.'
TV, film, and theater are considered art, and art is a reflection of life. What happens in life includes violence, unfortunately.
I was lucky that I got to do films in between seasons of 'Chuck.'
Funnily enough, 'Chuck' prepared me for '24.'
I'm not a singer. In 'Bye Bye Birdie,' I think I was the sad girl who sits on the park bench during 'Put on a Happy Face.'
I grew up being a dancer, so I was always doing some sort of dance number, like the Tornado in 'The Wiz.'
One of the books I remember reading when I was young and always thought would be a great role to play is Catherine in 'Wuthering Heights.' I like the classics.
I grew up being scared of the water, which is embarrassing to say as an Australian, but it's true.
Before I started surfing, I don't even know if I would have dived into the water at night alone. It was still scary.
I didn't grow up with a lot of babies in my life because I only grew up with my parents - I didn't have any brothers or sisters - and I didn't have my family close by.
That's one of the things I miss most about Australia - the countryside.
A lot of my friends are in Australia, and it's definitely nice to get back there.
I enjoy a character who sticks to her guns, who's always challenging herself. That's something I can relate to.
Growing up in Australia, space exploration wasn't something I was too aware of.
I just love the culture of Melbourne.
I can put my legs behind my head. That's a fun fact that not a lot of people know!
