American,Actress
Let's practice motivation and love, not discrimination and hate.
A feminist is a person who believes in the power of women just as much as they believe in the power of anyone else. It's equality, it's fairness, and I think it's a great thing to be a part of.
If there's any definition to being perfect, you're perfect at being yourself.
When you're put in a position to really affect young people who are going to run the world one day, if you're able to be in their life at a young age and make a positive impact, I think that's a beautiful thing.
Find something that makes you happy and go for it.
Pretty is so boring now. There are so many different definitions of 'pretty.' It's so much broader than before. The old pretty is boring - nobody cares anymore.
I remember 'Hannah Montana' came out, and I was so depressed, I started crying because I was like, 'I want to do that.'
I was actually supposed to be a basketball player, not an actress. My parents had me playing basketball on competitive teams when I was in kindergarten. Even though my heart belongs to the arts, I'm a tomboy at heart, too.
Doing and making positive programming for young people is so important to me, and I will keep doing it.
I don't think it is important to be a role model, because if you are a role model, you are pretending to be someone else.
I was born an auntie. I have an older niece and nephew and many younger nieces and nephews.
I think the way we react to things is a big indicator of our character and what type of person we are.
As you grow older, your music begins to mature and grow older along with you.
My grown man crush is Morris Chestnut. He's just timeless!
I think when you're young, you're a lot more open-minded, and sometimes you're a lot more perceptive about what's going on in the world.
I didn't like my hair and makeup one time on a photo shoot, and my publicist told me, 'You should just be happy with it - they haven't had a black girl on the cover since forever.' She's no longer my publicist.
Remember that we are all human beings trying to do what we love to do.
I've had a lot of voices tell me what I should be making. Personally, I would much rather live and die by my own hand. If my stuff sucks, then at least I made it suck. I didn't allow some person, some old dude in a suit, to make it suck for me.
Everyone loves Beyonce. If you don't love Beyonce, we can't talk.
It's important to raise your voice in things you feel passionate about and things that you know about. Don't raise your voice just to raise your voice if you have nothing behind it and don't know what you're talking about.
If you're from Oakland, and you're not a Raiders fan, then you're not from Oakland.
It's hard as a young person of a different ethnicity or background to look at the TV and not see anyone who looks like you. Representation is very important.
'Shake It Up' definitely teaches kids about the importance of reaching for your dreams and setting high goals. It also teaches great lessons about friendship and family.
One of my dreams is to walk down the runway during Fashion Week!
I think, more than anything else, my dog's death has made me grow up. I find myself thinking about the world in a more serious way.
I wore a mullet to the Grammys! I have no fear.
All my brothers and my dad at one point had dreadlocks.
I'm a little girl; no one wants to beat up on me.
My mom started working at the California Shakespeare Theater in Oakland when I was two years old, so I've always grown up around theater.
I love singing and would love to record an album at some point.
I'm a chocolate addict.
Honestly, I just love great performers and people who love what they do.
I have a phone obsession. It's really hard on set sometimes because I'll be checking Instagram, and then I have to remember, 'Oh, crap, I have to shoot a scene or rehearse.' Every now and then, I have to turn it off and live my life.
My older brothers and sisters have kids and families.
I love Channing Tatum!
Top knots are the easiest thing to create.
I secretly want to shave my head.
I love all types of braids. Single, multiple, box braids - I try them all.
Beautiful updos with natural hair are great!
I'm excited to be a part of the new direction the Barbie brand is headed, specifically how they are celebrating diversity in the line and encouraging kids to raise their voices.
Of course I've had a problem with people taking me seriously because of my age. People are always going do that because you're less experienced; you haven't lived as much.
Oakland kids are always the best.
When I first started out in the industry, I was 12 or whatever, and I wanted to be on something so bad, and I didn't know what I was going to be on. At the time, I was in school, and I was working on drama and theatrical stuff, so I never thought that I'd end up going to comedy.
As a kid, my main interest was dancing. When I was 8 years old, I was in a hip-hop troupe.
My room used to be full of Michael Jackson posters.
Why limit yourself? I feel like I can do anything.
I've loved Michael Jackson since the minute I was born. He's probably the most talented person ever. He was able to create such an amazing career and be probably the biggest star we've ever had.
As I've gotten older, I've realized my true models are my parents. My mom is like a sheroe. My dad is so strong.
My generation, we really have to step up to the plate and vote. Tweeting is great - people say, 'Oh, I don't want this or that' - but at the end of the day, tweeting isn't a ballot. Just saying that you don't like someone on Twitter is not going to turn a state blue or red. You have to vote.
The only way I was going to come back to the Disney Channel was if I was in a position of more power.
I want to make affordable shoes of quality that are very fashion forward, chic, and that I'm going to wear.
I have parents and family who will never allow me not to be grounded. If I thought for a second that I could possibly lift off the ground, I have a thousand people who will grab my ankles.
I feel that if you shelter your kids from everything, one day they are going to be out in the world on their own, and they are going to have to figure it out. You can't give them a test if you never taught them anything that's on the test. They're going to fail.
Braids are not new. Black women have been wearing braids for a very long time.
My mom actually taught fifth grade, so... I'm good with fifth graders. That's, like, my specialty.
As an artist, you have to work really, really hard because you gotta make something that will allow people to even take the chance to even listen to it, you know?
I definitely enjoy working with people who can do their thing but also allow me to do my thing, you know? Who respect the process.
My parents got me in trouble when I was in school because someone was getting bullied, and I didn't do anything about it. I just watched it happen and then came to the school, and I got cussed out for not helping and not being a part of it.
I shampoo every other day and only do the roots. I can't shampoo all the way down to the end, because it will dry my hair out. I use a mask multiple times a week to restore moisture.
I can't do chapped lips. If your lips are jacked up, Aquaphor is always a good go-to.
I love playing with makeup. Makeup has become a thing where it's an art form. It's not a thing where you use it because you need to feel beautiful or because you don't like the way you look.
When I was younger, I went through a phase when I didn't like my hair. Because the school I went to was primarily Caucasian, there wasn't anyone who had my hair texture. I remember one day I straightened my hair, and that was the first day that people gave me compliments on it.
I haven't always been confident enough to rock different styles because I used to be really shy.
You'd be surprised how self-conscious a lot of women are. That's something I've witnessed firsthand.
There's no such thing as trends. There's no such thing as style, even. It's just whatever you feel.
What is cool today is not going to be cool tomorrow, and what wasn't cool yesterday is going to be cool tomorrow.
The greatest of the greats wouldn't be the greatest of the greats if they didn't try stuff, you know what I mean?
I did kindergarten twice because I was so shy.
My first part in a play was one of the witches in 'Macbeth.'
My dad wouldn't let me date until I was 16.
I'm not good at a lot of things. I am not good at keeping my room clean. I am not good at eating healthy. I am not good at sports anymore. I used to be! Not so much anymore.
Some things are really sacred and important to other cultures, so you have to be aware, politically, about those things before you just adopt them.
Usually, I just don't care what I look like. If it's cold, I'm, like, putting on whatever I have to to be warm.
Why trip off some random person in Idaho that doesn't feel my vibe? Like, no thank you. Stay in your life; I'll stay in mine.
There were a lot of times people would do my makeup, and it would be awful, and I would be orange. Nothing matched. So then you learn how to do your own makeup. I watched a lot of YouTube videos when I was little and taught myself.
What hasn't Barbie been? I don't think I can create an occupation that she has not done yet.
I love Adele; she's a timeless, classic beauty. I think she's beautiful. She's just a real woman.
Janelle Monae, she has her own style, and it's specifically hers.
I hate when books are written from the wrong perspective; when they're written by adults for tweenagers. Like, do you truly remember what it's like to be 12? No, not really.
