American,Actress
Nothing's going to come to you by sitting around and waiting for it.
In New York you can just walk out and be among people. You're on the subway among people, you go to cafes, you can talk to people.
I have mad luck. I'm super-good at games like backgammon or anything that requires rolling dice.
I always wrote. My parents are writers. It just seemed like something people did.
I took a writing class in college, liked it, and my first year out of school I couldn't get a job, so I wrote a play.
I never wanted to be a playwright.
I think action should be revealed through character, so if you have a plot problem, it's probably a character problem.
And I think the female creative urge is intrinsically biologically linked to our ability to give birth to a child, even if we've never... I've never given birth, but I feel like it's part of our psychology.
I really love people. I love to meet people. I'm curious about people.
I think movies have much more magic than the theater. Theater can be a magical experience, but movies thrust their subjectivity on you in a more profound way.
And when I get bored, it's like the worst parts of me come out. I really veer to self-destructive tendencies quickly.
When I look back, I can say that the summer when I was 19 was a formative time for me. But at the time I just thought I was making tofu every night for dinner and going to work.
I'm used to very low-budget situations. In 'The Exploding Girl,' we were literally changing in Starbucks because we didn't have trailers.
My schedule is completely different doing a play than it is doing a movie, and I actually think it's a much harder schedule because you've got to do it eight times a week and you've got to do it good eight times a week and with different kinds of audiences who are cold or drunk or tired, whatever it is.
I think most actors jump at the chance to do something where the camera's on them all the time.
I've always really been interested in the Pygmalion myth and both what it has to say about creativity and what it has to say about relationships between men and women.
I think film writing, you're thinking in pictures, and stage writing, you're thinking in dialogue. In film writing, it's also, you only get so many words, so everything has to earn its place in a really economical way. I think for stage writing, you have more leeway.
I grew up in L.A., and I don't think I've seen L.A. onscreen in a way that felt real to me. There are definitely movies, but they are few and far between.
I find playwriting really painful. I love it, or I wouldn't do it, but I don't love the theater as much as I love movies.
I love bad movies, whereas going to the theater for me is a painful experience. I think it's really hard to sit and watch actors do something live and have it not go well.
Anytime that I've felt uninspired, I don't force myself to sit down and write. I only do it when I feel the impulse.
I love to walk around New York. Honestly, that's like the best thing, to walk over to Park Slope and go visit my friend Betty and take her dog out in the park or go walk across the Brooklyn Bridge. I really dig being outside and getting to see everybody in the street.
Well, I have a sister that I'm very close with, and that relationship is probably the most intense relationship of my life to date, probably of my life, period.
You set up the story, but the characters start talking, and they go places that you didn't expect. You have to follow.
When I'm writing, I look like a fool because the parts are moving through me and I'm crying and laughing and making faces.
And then the really awful thing is that at the end of the day after crying and experiencing things, then you look at what you've written and you're like, 'Hmm, there's half a page that's good here.' Then you throw out everything else.
