French,Businessman
In the luxury business, you have to build on heritage.
Louis Vuitton, the world's biggest luxury brand in terms of sales, is planning to dampen its expansion worldwide and focus on high-end products to preserve its exclusive image.
I would never diminish the quality of Hermes. Hermes can be an even rarer and greater quality business, if they ever wanted to work with us.
It's true that I am not from the south and I have a certain reserve. I take time to get close to, and I don't immediately throw my arms round someone. But it is more a question of style.
We are really very lucky to have so many fantastic brands. But to grow them we should not be too much in a hurry. They are growing fast, but they have to grow accordingly to the market and to the capacity we have to deliver good products.
Once we decided to do a tower in New York, it had to say something about our group, reflecting the mix of modernity and creativity in our organization. It's a symbol.
From time to time, the Vienna Philharmonic could play without a conductor because they are so good.
I am and will remain a tax resident in France and in this regard I will, like all French people, fulfill my fiscal obligations.
I've always been pleased with the investments I've made with my friend Albert Frere and I regret not having followed him more, because I would have been a lot richer.
I meet the designers very often, we discuss the products, they show me their ideas, we discuss the ad campaigns and every new invention that we can find for the future.
When I was working in my first job engineering construction, what I liked the most was working with architects and making buildings that had this creative side coming from the architect and that were making them a big success.
Oh, I was brought up in the north of France, and I had a very enjoyable childhood with my family working as entrepreneur.
I take time to get close to, and I don't immediately throw my arms round someone.
When you are on the management side, you still have to understand the artistic sensibility so that there is a dialogue with the creative side.
