British,Businessman
An old building is like a show. You smell the soul of a building. And the building tells you how to redo it.
Constrained circumstances can bring the best out of you.
Audiences aren't going to get rid of me. One thing I can say, with absolute certainty, is that my shows will still be performed when I'm dead, buried and forgotten. They're going to absolutely outlive me, which is a wonderful thing to think about.
I am in that glorious position where I can redesign and re-package my own work.
I never know what is going to have that 'X' factor and what isn't.
I know I'm in the exceptional position of having money but I didn't have it for many decades.
Having a think about whether you can afford 'this' or 'that' is a good discipline to have, to maximise what you can achieve to the highest standard.
My dream is to be on my boat. Or on an island. Or in my house in the country. That's my dream.
What musicals need is a new me.
It horrifies me how much it costs to put on shows now, mainly due to EU regulations. The freedom to be entrepreneurial is no longer there. It's a massive business now.
I am not driven.
I've taken considerable gambles on shows, but they're very considered gambles.
I don't like being in debt, and I wouldn't borrow money for anything.
I had set a goal of being a producer by 25.
My own tastes happen to be in tune with what the public wants. I think that's the reason my batting average is so high, not because I've discovered some brilliant formula.
The musical is the one area of the theater that can give you the biggest buzz of all.
I've never had a very great public life.
If there's too much of you around, people can get tired of you.
I don't watch a lot of television.
I love 'Glee.'
I'm a war baby: I was brought up with rationing, and my parents always had to struggle. I remember when I was sent to boarding school - Prior Park College in Bath - my father was asked how he was going to pay the fees, and he replied: 'In arrears.'
I survived because I never took on big responsibilities in my private life. In the early days, I lived on two or three pounds a week and learned to cook - and I'm a good cook - because I had to. Even when I went on holiday, I stayed in other people's houses.
I'm privileged to have had some success, but I've never forgotten what it was like to queue for a half-crown gallery seat for 'Oliver!' which is why I ensure that there are £20 day tickets for 'Miss Saigon' and that the balconies in my theatres are as comfortable as I can possibly make them.
I'm proud of the fact that I've taken a lot of big directors, such as Trevor Nunn and Nick Hytner, who were musical virgins, and introduced them to the form.
Darling, when you're as old as I am, you cherish the very few musicals that have come your way that you know are great classics. You become their guardian.
I've spent more money on my theatres since I bought them than I did buying them.
