American,Businessman
The computer is a mechanism for acceleration: it accelerates economic activity, and this is eating up the world. It's eating up resources, it's processing, it's manufacturing, it's distributing, it's consuming. That's what the computer's real work does, and it does that 24/7, 365 days a year, non-stop, just to satisfy our own narrow needs.
We choose the national park idea because it's really the highest form of protection for landscapes that exists under current law, especially in Chile and Argentina.
If you're trashing your own country, ruining the soils, contaminating the waters and the air, cutting down trees, overfishing the lakes, rivers and oceans, you're not much of a patriot.
I don't have a cell phone because I know how horrible it is. Using your cell phone is like putting your head in a microwave every day.
Despite my great disappointment in American foreign policy, I am very proud of the American tradition of wild land conservation. It is the best tradition and example of land conservation in the world. It goes back a long way.
I'm a social justice supporter, but there is no social justice on a dead planet.
Conservation is not without its critics and opposition. There are a lot of special interests that don't want to see land set aside.
If you just hold your cell phone for 30 seconds and think backwards through its production, you have the entire techno-industrial culture wrapped up there. You can't have that device without everything that goes with it.
I don't want to see anything natural get hurt.
There's big granite walls up toward the Argentine border, but the weather's serious, and a lot of the rock is mossy and wet.
I'm short on celebrations and long on getting to work.
People have to free their imaginations and realize everyone can do something, on a large or a small scale, depending on their ability. Those who can do a lot because of their position and potential should jump right in there.
Look at how fast technology is developing.
When they're growing up, if you tell kids God exists, they believe it. It's the same with the techno-cultural society. They believe in it - that it's the road to paradise, that there are no limits.
Fashion is one of the most intellectually vacuous industries. We had to manufacture desires to get people to buy our products. We were selling people countless things that they didn't need.
I know all of the antiques stores in Buenos Aires. I've been in every one of them, picking things out.
National Parks are the gold standard for conservation.
If you want to destroy the planet, you can kiss social justice goodbye. The earth comes first.
I've never, ever tried to make life easy for myself.
These parks are our life's work, not the clothing chains we created, selling people clothes they don't need.
When we began working on Parque Pumalin, rumours flew that we were establishing a nuclear waste site for the United States or, oddly for Episcopalians, which we both are, setting up a Jewish state. It would be funny if these theories weren't being taken very seriously.
We need to pay our dues to live on this earth; we need to pay the rent, and I'm doing that with the work we are carrying out here in Patagonia.
Every single national park had some component of private philanthropy.
Capitalism may have all sorts of things that are good, but ultimately, it's bad for everyone.
Deskilling devices - they make us dumber. We're immersed in a system that now requires the use of a cell phone just to get around, just to function, and so the logic of that cell phone has been imposed on us.
There's no doubt whatsoever that there's no future in capitalism. It's probably no more than 500 years old, and it's demonstrating over and over again that it is destroying the world.
