Canadian,Businessman
For decades, the plight of the Palestinian people has been exacerbated by internal corruption, a lack of effective investment, and the political cynicism of the Arab states, who often did not have the best interests of the Palestinians at heart.
The beauty of Judaism is that it demands we ask questions, especially of ourselves.
The search for a Jewish national home came about due to centuries of anti-Semitic pogroms, expulsions, discrimination and hate. The Holocaust was simply the evil culmination of all that came before it.
I remind everybody that the Sabbath was the Jewish gift to civilization.
Based on the Gaza precedent, Israel should not simply be expected to withdraw from territory and let it devolve into a state of anarchy. The West Bank is simply too close to Israel's major population centers and infrastructure to allow it to become another launching pad for rockets.
Investments are a real partnership, with an expected return; donations are a gesture made as a result of ethical, religious, or political passions.
I don't believe in God. I do believe in Judaism. I believe in ethics, morals.
A peaceful resolution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict will likely depend to a great extent on the economic development of a future Palestinian state. As I have argued before, private sector investment - especially in the West Bank - is going to prove crucial in creating the right political and social context for peace.
Researchers consistently find that most older volunteers, when compared to older nonvolunteers, have fewer functional and physical impairments, overall better health, higher life satisfaction and less depression. In addition, they attend religious services more frequently and belong to more social organizations.
My childhood was marked by a tension between privilege on the one hand and emotional dysfunction on the other.
No one said anything to my face, but I constantly heard comments denigrating Jews.
Making money is marvelous, and I love doing it, and I do it reasonably well, but it doesn't have the gripping vitality that you have when you deal with the happiness of human life and with human deprivation.
I would like every Jew to be as comfortable in his skin as I am in mine.
In terms of defending Jews, I'm a Jew.
Intermarriage is not a calamity but an opportunity for both a Jewish and non-Jewish partner to learn.
The Jews' fear of assimilation and intermarriage should not replace fear of anti-Semitism.
I've had three wives. I've had five weddings.
I'd vote for Mickey Mouse before I voted for John McCain and Sarah Palin.
My father put it right when he said: 'I don't get ulcers. I give ulcers.'
As an American Jew who loves Israel, I cannot support John McCain. He cannot provide what Israel needs most - a respected, credible, morally strong America.
The most vexing problem Israel faces is its relations with its neighbors. From the inception of the state until today, Israelis have felt besieged, surrounded by enemies who want to make them disappear.
Israel desperately needs peace if it is to come anywhere close to being the 'light unto nations' of Jewish dreams.
John McCain's choice of Sarah Palin as running mate is the towering example of his poor judgment. Palin's ignorance of public affairs is monumental.
Maintaining control indefinitely over millions of Palestinians will inevitably lead to a demographic nightmare and cannot be sustained if Israel is to remain true to its founding principles.
The majesty of the American Jewish experience is in its success marrying its unique Jewish identity with the larger, liberal values of the United States. There is no need anymore to choose between assimilation and separation. We are accepted as equals.
Just as we send young American Jews to Israel through the Birthright program, we need to also consider a 'reverse Birthright' for Israeli kids to come see America.
