American,Businessman
You can have great teachers, but if you don't have a good principal, you won't have a good school.
Charity is just writing checks and not being engaged. Philanthropy, to me, is being engaged, not only with your resources but getting people and yourself really involved and doing things that haven't been done before.
Philanthropy is activism.
The inability to delegate is one of the biggest problems I see with managers at all levels.
Civilizations are not remembered by their business people, their bankers or lawyers. They're remembered by the arts.
The best move you can make in negotiation is to think of an incentive the other person hasn't even thought of - and then meet it.
Most museums - with all their burdens to pay for exhibitions, administration, and security - really don't have any money really to acquire art, with few exceptions.
Oprah Winfrey's global influence is unparalleled. Not only has her generosity and firm belief that education is the key to a better life benefited countless women and children around the world, but her example has also inspired millions of people to give back in ways big and small.
A real collector does not sell.
I could live anywhere in the world I want. But Los Angeles is the place to live.
People would rather have art or gold instead of paper money.
I'm strong-willed. Architects are strong-willed. You get the best results with a strong client and a strong architect working together.
Without a doubt, stem cell research will lead to the dramatic improvement in the human condition and will benefit millions of people.
If you ask why I do what I do - I want to make a difference. I don't just want to maintain the status quo. I want to help people, to work with institutions or create ones when they don't exist.
I've become convinced that Los Angeles is going to become the next contemporary art capital - no other city has more contemporary gallery space than Los Angeles. We've come into our own, finally.
I've got a big ego, I admit it; I'm ego-driven.
Someone once told me I'm a sore winner, and they're right. I rarely take more than a moment to enjoy a success before I'm moving on and looking for the next challenge.
Museums do not share their collections with other museums unless they get something in exchange. The Metropolitan will deal with the Louvre, but will they send their stuff to Memphis? No.
A lot of executives act like their time is worth more than anyone else's. But I always respect an employee who guards his or her time, even from me.
I'd be bored to death if I spent all my time with other businesspeople, bankers and lawyers.
Los Angeles is one of the four cultural capitals of the world, but we don't attract as many cultural tourists as New York, London or Paris. I want to change that.
I have always believed that every great city in history needs a vibrant center.
People don't know I've got a deep social conscience. I'm a child of the Depression, born in 1933. My parents were very liberal in their social views.
You don't support politicians in their elections if whoever's seeking money only has a goal to stay in office or get in office. You have to pick the people who are going to do the best job.
If people want to criticize me because it sells papers, that's fine. I just don't like it when it's inaccurate.
I don't like to spend time in endless meetings talking about stuff that isn't going to get anything done. I have meetings, but they're short, prompt and to the point.
Art evokes emotion. It doesn't have to be a thing of beauty.
My family and I have been blessed with good fortune in the world of business. We've created quite a net worth. My children, two boys, have more money than they will ever need, and they aren't empire builders.
Being a Midwesterner, I know that many of the middle-class manufacturing jobs that had been at the heart of our economy are either gone or going, and they're not coming back.
School boards are, for the most part,made up of political wannabes who see a board seat as a stepping stone for political office, or well-meaning parents who represent an ethnic group or geography, or have some other narrow interests. Few people on them understand what governance is about.
I never stay anywhere - parties, museums, meetings - longer than three hours.
To me, unconventional thinking is approaching a problem and asking, 'Why not? Why can't something be done?' If someone can't give me a good reason why you can't do something, I find a way to do it.
I'm naturally curious, and I read four newspapers a day.
For businesses to be successful, they need to constantly ask the question: 'How can we provide value to our customers?' At the end of the day, that is what matters.
I believe in two things: One, Andrew Carnegie said, 'He who dies with wealth dies in shame.' And someone once said, 'He who gives while he lives also knows where it goes.'
What artists think about the world is often different from how we businessmen see it, and I find that an enriching experience.
Artists rarely do the same thing over and over again. Art is about the new, doing things in a new way.
I can't think of another enterprise other than being a homeowner that can't have its debt restructured in bankruptcy. Corporations can but a homeowner can't? Now with securitization the homeowner can't go to the owner of the loan and work things out.
Managers are responsible for setting workplace policies under which teachers can succeed. Managers are responsible for negotiating contracts that create the conditions under which teachers can succeed.
The unions no longer control the education agenda of the Democratic Party.
If you have poor management that's not doing the right job, you end up with unions filling the void and... page after page of work rules and thicker and thicker contracts.
I believe in the democratization of the arts. What do I mean by that? I think museums, with some exceptions, have a responsibility to educate a much broader public.
I think the opera is one of the great cultural jewels of Los Angeles.
Teach For America provides one of the most critical pipelines for bringing new talent into public education.
In high school, I would drive my teachers batty. They would make a statement, and I would say, 'Why is that?' They didn't want to be questioned.
Every artist is unreasonable, because he or she is doing something that hasn't been done before.
Collecting is more than just buying objects.
People think it's strange how briskly I move through museums. Sure, I could stand in front of each piece and stare at it for a good long time. But that's not me.
Unfortunately, the boards of art institutions tend to be populated with well-meaning supporters of the arts who often lack any business background or appetite for imposing appropriate discipline.
Time is the most valuable thing you have - and I'm not just talking about the minutes for which you're paid.
I never play golf because it takes too long, and the business connections it produces can be made just as easily over an early breakfast.
I don't see myself as a great discoverer of artists, like Charles Saatchi.
