American,Businessman
Banking's a sexy industry! Creative - it's dynamic, it's global, it's fast-moving, you bring a lot of talented people together!
The threshold question: Will banks continue to exist? The answer is yes, because society will still need the two essential functions they provide: mobilization of capital from providers to users, and facilitation of payments for goods and services.
I'm not that interested in just being around powerful people for the sake of it.
I think anybody who says they don't care about being liked is lying. I care if my dog waves its tail when I come home. But you're not going to make everybody happy.
You can't operate a business running at a loss, and particularly if you're doing it by paying yourselves. It just doesn't fly.
I'm married to a health-conscious American. I try to eat well, but definitely, as an Australian, you have some of the red meat, lamb, steak, barbecues as part of your culture.
If you're just interested in the prestige of banking, that's not what's going to sustain you. You have to be interested in what we do: managing and originating capital, helping issuers and investors come together is great, bringing these companies to life.
That is what made America great: that everyone had the opportunity to be a winner. And I think it's still there. I'm certainly a beneficiary of it.
Let's be honest: It wasn't just the banks who messed up. There were a lot of people who tried to buy assets they couldn't afford. That's a reality.
Every now and then, markets behave like schoolchildren. They overreact, they run around like crazy.
Cash as a physical entity will virtually cease to exist, with coins and checkbooks consigned to museums. As people conduct their financial transactions on hand-held devices made secure by advanced biometrics, even tipping will be done electronically.
I have a direct way of speaking. What I do is tend to lay out everything; I tend to tell people what I'm going to do and how I'm going to do it and what is success for us and what's not... without being too parochial about it, I think Aussies are more direct.
I think Americans are very verbal and Aussies are more circumspect, and that can come across as being clearer. It can also come across as abrupt and cold. Some people find me to be abrupt and cold. That's just my personal style.
I certainly have no regret living in the U.S. The quality of life in Australia is good, but it is bloody good here as well.
I'm one of 10 children, and all my brothers call me Jim. And all my sisters... well, they call me something even more affectionate. My mother calls me James, and I do what my mother tells me.
I'll be very clear about this: I'm not a fan of getting rid of Dodd-Frank.
As much as the banking system may not be terribly popular, it is an essential part of the economy.
Bringing world leaders together as human beings rather than political machines is very important.
The U.S. is becoming an industrial heartland again.
