American,Businessman
You have to have a big vision and take very small steps to get there. You have to be humble as you execute but visionary and gigantic in terms of your aspiration. In the Internet industry, it's not about grand innovation, it's about a lot of little innovations: every day, every week, every month, making something a little bit better.
Everyone's drunk on the term 'blog.'
Go work at the post office or Starbucks if you want balance in your life.
You can't be ever embarrassed about hustling.
Just start thinking about all the different services in your life. Like getting your dry cleaning picked up and dropped off. Nobody has done the Uber of that yet. But that will be Uberfied. You will arrange your dry cleaning via your phone.
Creative destruction is gonna be the greatest thing that can happen to Manhattan.
Things that look like an 'overnight success' typically are not.
Blogging is great, and I read blogs all day long. However, my goal is really to have a deep, meaningful discussion with people. For some reason, I'm able to accomplish this best via email.
Journalists have misquoted people for so long - and quoted them out of context that for many people like to have their words on record.
Google indexes the world's information.
The problem most people make with their media presence is they're trying to craft a media presence as opposed to just consistently publishing who they are.
There's nobody who has as big of a real-time logistics network than Uber.
The key to building a sustainable content company is to control costs.
Obviously, New York and Boston and Los Angeles have pretty vibrant entrepreneurial scenes.
Instant access to anything is the future. So if you need a tutor or a baby sitter or a massage or any service, it's going to be instantly available, 24 hours a day, through your phone, with one click.
The down market favours the small two-, three-, four-person company, not the huge company with 100 people losing half a million dollars a month.
I only take causes or write about things that I am passionate about, and I do it with a certain flair and a sort of wink and a nod.
Search folks don't understand editorial. I'm not afraid of editorial costs, just like machine-search folks are not afraid of computer servers.
I find podcasting an enticing space.
The tech and tech media world are meritocracies. To fall back to race as the reason why people don't break out in our wonderful oasis of openness is to do a massive injustice to what we've fought so hard to create.
Social media, like blogs, are truth-seeking technologies. In fact, the Internet itself is the greatest truth-generating device ever created.
I've become addicted to playing poker because you're constantly faced with confusion, and winning is trying to make sense out of nonsense.
I don't need YouTube's money. I have my own money.
When I was coming up as an entrepreneur, I had to fight for everything I got, and there was no clear roadmap of how to be successful.
I think entrepreneurship is a beautiful thing.
I don't want someone taking half a sentence or paraphrasing me... Just too much risk.
Risk-taking is my thing... I think of my company as my chip stack.
Imagine being 30 years old, thinking you were a media titan, and now you are labeled a 'scam artist.'
I learned from my past.
CNN was crazy to think they could fill 24 hours with news - let alone around the world in 10 to 20 languages. Reuters or AP with a thousand people around the world covering news? Crazy.
After Sept. 11, New York wasn't the same, and that's part of the reason why I left.
You have to get in the limelight based on what you do, how creative you are, and not how much money you make.
When it comes to education, there is no one site you can point to that you can say, 'They speak to the world, and that is the site where you go to learn.'
To get people to switch from Google, you have to offer something twice as better. But the truth is, the world doesn't actually need better-quality search. I think we've got good enough search.
My mission is to grow business in Silicon Alley.
The balance of power shifts on the Internet to the individual. This is a two-way medium.
For three or four decades, we've been sitting here in front of this TV consuming a one-way medium that we had no control over.
The Internet is about giving the consumer exactly what they want, whether there's an audience of one or 1,000 or 10,000, and then figuring out how to make money on it later.
Google can say they are not in the content business, but if they are paying people and distributing and archiving their work, it is getting harder to make that case.
While people are quick to praise the wisdom of the crowd, being an old-school journalist, I look at the wisdom of the crowd and know it can quickly turn into a mob mentality.
Commercial real estate is really a black box: its super opaque, and it's hard to get the information.
The blogosphere is real, and it can be really harsh on fakes... so, if you're a phoney, you're going to get your bell rung.
Until you use the iPad for a couple of weeks, you can't appreciate it. But it quickly becomes your primary consumption device.
If the founder comes to work every day, and it's a struggle, that permeates the whole organization.
Do I think there's going to be a business in blogging? Yes.
If I said I was going to make a newsletter that made $2-$3 million a year, no one would question me. If I say, 'It's a blog,' everyone questions me.
Back in the '90s, folks were not sure if they could trust the Web, and frankly, a lot of the services back then didn't provide massive value.
Selling out isn't selling out anymore. It's getting the brass ring.
Near-death experiences give you balance. You become more worldly. Your ideas become bigger.
The first phase of social media was listening to the conversation. The second phase was joining the conversation. The third phase will be hosting the conversation on your site.
The wisdom of the crowds has peaked. Web 3.0 is taking what we've built in Web 2.0 - the wisdom of the crowds - and putting an editorial layer on it of truly talented, compensated people to make the product more trusted and refined.
I'm not an investor in Meerkat, sadly, or, Periscope - I missed both of those - however, I do have a lot of inside information.
Even if you're a relatively small player in search, that can still mean a company that's worth several billion dollars.
The future of television is not on television but online. A majority of us are turning to our computers and mobile devices for news and entertainment, Millennials especially.
I think it hurts blogs when they have to turn off their comments.
I am not trying to model my career to be a one-hit wonder.
It turns out a human being in two, three or four hours can build a search result that's much better than Google, Yahoo or Ask.
Very, very few podcasts have made it to scale, and to me, that says this business will never be big.
The only way to make podcasting a real big business would be if you could somehow get the top seven podcasters to team up and make a mega-network.
Jon Miller would be amazing for Yahoo because he is extremely good at building display advertising businesses and buying young startups.
Food is the new health care.
I ain't gonna work on YouTube's farm no more.
I syndicate my Twitter activity to Facebook, but I get very little traffic from it.
I find very few folks are watching their Facebook feed, some are watching their Twitter feed, and all of them are watching their email box. So, while social networks are nice, email is still the killer application.
The only time I felt a little too exposed was for a week then I started life-streaming for a couple of hours a day on Qik and Ustream. It became very much like the film 'We Live in Public.'
Fire fast: Fire people who do not fit into the culture of your company and who are negative.
For a first-time entrepreneur, there's nothing better than being in Silicon Valley because there is so much going on, and there's such a large number of inventors, that even a B level idea or a C level idea could be nurtured and be given venture capital there.
The stuff coming out of Silicon Valley is dorky. Like, it's not very sexy.
It's very important as a startup to get early press because, although it may not be a large number of people, having a 'Fast Company' story - some of those people that read it are going to be your next employees and hires, your next investors.
No one has looked at news from new atomic units of content, like a tweet on Twitter.
The problem today isn't low-quality journalism, it's too much noise. If one out of five 'Business Insider' stories is original, the other four would be culled.
I'm trying to correct what is wrong in journalism today: wasting users' time.
YouTube has made a lot of changes to support time on site - a statistic they care about. But subscriber support is lacking.
Let's make it so the more you invest in YouTube, the better deal YouTube gets for you.
As content creators, we're benefitting YouTube every day. YouTube couldn't do what they do without us, so do not underestimate your power.
Apps, email, and social are the three things Google does not control.
TechCrunch is the publication of record, but they're so bad and uninformed. It's insult after insult. When I play poker with other VC's, we all laugh at TechCrunch.
All we have to do is find something we love doing each day, surround ourselves with like-minded people, and put all of our effort into that one thing at all times.
People can easily make millions of dollars without much work in America.
This concept that starting a company is so hard and that you'll never make it is conspiracy concocted by the rich and powerful to keep you from trying - and you've fallen for it.
America might be a dying empire, but it's not going to die in our lifetime - and it doesn't have to die at all.
Airbnb is a much more effective protest than shutting down the Brooklyn Bridge.
I think Google's a brilliant company, filled with brilliant people who have done brilliant things.
I'm suggesting that, until America takes care of its debt, untangles the housing mess and gets unemployment under control, we all commit to working six days a week. Yep, move the standard 35-40 hour work week right up to 48 hours.
In the technology industry, a 48 hour work week would be, for most, a vacation.
If you've got a good job, you should bust your butt to make your company as successful and profitable as possible.
Car technology needs to advance, and the best place for that to happen in is Silicon Valley.
Of course the first version of an all-electric sports car is going to be expensive.
The reason I bought the Tesla was to help fund the Model S - and because I like things that are fast, sexy and high-tech.
Supporting American technology companies is one of the most patriotic things you can do - the technology industry is the reason our country has such a high-standard of living and why we can afford to spread the democracy virus around the globe.
