American,Businessman
In real estate, you make 10% of your money because you're a genius and 90% because you catch a great wave.
When you're on a boat, you're going to little islands and stuff. It's not a partying kind of thing.
There are all these people in this country who are just not participating in the American Dream at all.
Technology can be a great equalizer when it comes to health care, education - to the point where rich, poor, middle class can all get the same benefits.
America's lifestyle expectations are far too high and need to be adjusted so we have less things and a smaller, better existence.
Having money is great. It's fun. The more the better.
I've got a huge, huge position in mortgage-backed securities. I started accumulating them in 2009, when the market was really down and things were really scary.
It is kind of a problem in America that so many Americans believe if they elect a different president, everything is going to be fine.
I tend to be pretty conservative in the way I spend money.
My early windfall was a result of the excesses of the S&L era.
I'm always signing blank deeds. That's how an escrow company works.
I'm not interested in owning a bunch of driveways.
I got into real estate very much by accident.
I'm a trader. Under the right circumstances, I'd consider a new boat. I'm not ruling it out.
I live in Palm Beach, where no one wants to hear bad news.
Nobody can buy Jeff Greene. Nobody ever has. Nobody ever will.
I don't drink coffee. I like nice wines with dinner.
My wife and I, we don't leave the house; we have dinner at home.
I have accused L.B. Management of failing to report to me, and I've told L.B. Management the money is missing, and it could very well be embezzled.
If an immigrant comes here, and they're willing to create jobs, and they're willing to contribute to our economy, we have to make it easier for the kinds of immigrants we want, because that is the past of America; that's our greatness, and that will continue to be our greatness in the future.
I've been a friend to people who may not have had perfect pasts.
Do we have to regulate derivatives? Yes, we do. 'Cause when I did this in my investments, frankly, no one knew who could pay who. But derivatives have an important place in our economy.
If there were not derivatives, there would be no bank loans at all today, because people want to get fixed-rate 30-year loans, but banks don't want to keep 30-year loans on their books.
The global equalization of wages and the exponential growth in technology has created a job-killing machine that's only going to get worse.
If you think about $7.25 an hour, that's $290 a week. It's inhumane to have that kind of wage.
Let's not forget we created that ideal middle class by destroying all of our industrial competitors during World War II.
