American,Businessman
XL is a world class brand with very successful insurance, reinsurance and life reinsurance businesses and I look forward to helping it realize its full potential.
My eldest son, Jack, grew up with me as a 'part-time' dad.
Those who have gone through a divorce know the pain and special challenges of raising a child under such circumstances.
While Safeco's turnaround is one of the greatest things I have ever participated in, the heart-wrenching decisions to let people go will stay with me forever.
I have no political ambitions whatsoever. My ambitions are all about what XL can become.
The elimination of unnecessary collateral requirements on foreign insurers and reinsurers is not only beneficial for the individual companies, but for the industry as a whole.
By all accounts, the senate race I ran in was a quality race in the wrong year.
The rate of change and innovation occurring across the entire spectrum of society demands that a company like XL utilize the highest level of analytics and information to solve problems for our clients.
At XL, we tackle risk like no one else, analyzing deeper and listening closely to our clients to create solutions that unleash the world's capacity to advance. By helping our clients unlock their full potential, we fulfill our own. Our new brand demonstrates this unique outlook and the commitment and value we bring to clients.
There is no progress without risk, and in an environment where change is accelerating, risks are multiplying and businesses are increasingly complex, companies need strong, innovative partners to help manage their risk. Our brand clearly sets XL apart as the strong, innovative partner needed in today's market.
At XL we are continually focused on the rate of change, the increasingly interconnected world and the need to help our clients advance wherever their business occurs.
XL is dedicated to understanding shifting business dynamics and helping our clients thrive in increasingly complex and changing environments. 'The Future of the Company' platform will allow us to offer insights and commentary on these essential topics to a global and diverse audience and feature insights from XL experts.
I'm going to explore the possibility that my future work could be in public service rather than corporate work.
From the very first time I talked to Safeco employees, I said the reality was expenses were too high and the reality is two-thirds of our expenses are people, so the reality is there will be effects on people.
You have to understand, I grew up in the shadow of the Safeco tower.
We brought Safeco back from the brink of failure.
