American,Businessman
I believe that the biggest problem that humanity faces is an ego sensitivity to finding out whether one is right or wrong and identifying what one's strengths and weaknesses are.
I can be stressed, or tired, and I can go into a meditation and it all just flows off of me. I'll come out of it refreshed and centered and that's how I'll feel and it'll carry through the day.
I worry about another leg down in the economies causing social disruption because deleveragings can be very painful - it depends on how they're managed.
When growth is slower-than-expected, stocks go down. When inflation is higher-than-expected, bonds go down. When inflation is lower-than-expected, bonds go up.
I think that the first thing is you should have a strategic asset allocation mix that assumes that you don't know what the future is going to hold.
He who lives by the crystal ball will eat shattered glass.
Nature is a machine. The family is a machine. The life cycle is like a machine.
If it didn't happen in your life before, then you're not paying attention you don't think it's possible. But almost all important events never happen in your life before.
Constantly probe the people who report to you, and encourage them to probe you.
What I'm trying to say is that for the average investor, what I would encourage them to do is to understand that there's inflation and growth. It can go higher and lower and to have four different portfolios essentially that make up your entire portfolio that gets you balanced.
There are two main drivers of asset class returns - inflation and growth.
When people get at each other's throat, the rich and the poor and the Left and the Right and so on, and you have a basic breakdown, that becomes very threatening.
I'm just saying that if you understand how the economic machine works, it just works like a machine. There are cause-effect relationships.
Demand is best measured in terms of spending. You know, I think in traditional economics, it's a mistake to measure it in terms of the quantity of goods.
Imagine if you had baseball cards that showed all the performance stats for your people: batting averages, home runs, errors, ERAs, win/loss records. You could see what they did well and poorly and call on the right people to play the right positions in a very transparent way.
Treat your life like a game.
In return, society rewards those who give it what it wants. That is why how much money people have earned is a rough measure of how much they gave society what it wanted.
If inflation-adjusted interest rates decline in a given country, its currency is likely to decline.
There is a strong tendency to get used to and accept very bad things that would be shocking if seen with fresh eyes.
Know what your people are like, and make sure they do their jobs excellently.
It all comes down to interest rates. As an investor, all you're doing is putting up a lump-sump payment for a future cash flow.
There is slow growth, but it is positive slow growth. At the same time, ratios of debt-to-incomes go down. That's a beautiful deleveraging.
The world is still in deleveraging.
The big question is: When will the term structure of interest rates change? That's the question to be worried about.
Almost everything is like a machine.
So how does the machine work that you have a financial crisis? How does deleveraging work - what is the nature of that machine? And what is human nature, and how do you raise a community of people to run a business?
