American,Businessman
If you go back to the Greeks and Romans, they talk about all three - wine, food, and art - as a way of enhancing life.
How beautiful it is to excel, and the goodness of giving from your heart.
I say to consumers: instead of relying totally on critics, drink what you like and like what you drink.
Wine has been with civilized man from the beginning.
I always knew that food and wine were vital, with my mother being Italian and a good cook.
I've always wanted to improve on the idea of living well, In moderation, wine is good for you - mentally, physically, and spiritually.
Also, many consumers consider a critic to be like God Almighty.
As I traveled the world over, I traveled everywhere, and I learned so much.
Critics have done the wine industry a lot of good overall.
Even more importantly, it's wine, food and the arts. Incorporating those three enhances the quality of life.
Ever since I was a child, I wanted to excel in everything.
I always knew the importance of it, since I was three or four years old my mother used to feed me wine and water. I grew up with wine as liquid food.
I want to make wines that harmonize with food - wines that almost hug your tongue with gentleness.
It is giving me a great satisfaction, because I had the notion that we could make great wines equal to the greatest wines in the world, and everybody said it was impossible.
Later, at Stanford University, I thought I'd become a lawyer or businessman, but my father came to me and said he thought there was a big future in the fine-wine business.
My brother and I had saved $15,000 by working many years nailing fruit crates together.
My mother served me wine and water from the time I was 3 years old.
My wife taught me the importance of living well.
Once I was able to take care of myself and my children, I then wanted to share.
There are a lot of people with a lot of money, and I'm amazed they don't understand what a great pleasure it can be to give.
This is what I think is very essential... moderation can be good for you.
We definitely need to get the excitement back.
We want to raise the art of living well.
Whether I played marbles, whether I played football or slam anything else, I wanted to excel.
