American,Businessman
Elon Musk wins you over with his elegant mastery of engineering, be it for the rocket or the car. But what blew my socks off was when our conversation veered way off topic. We started musing about whether it was possible we all lived in the matrix, and Musk still had deep knowledge.
Generally speaking, if you control matter more precisely, you can get more efficiency out of any process.
You've got to close deals quickly, or else you'll miss out.
I do think there are more and more entrepreneurs all the time that think big. Those are the people we should be finding and funding. Most of them will fail, but the ones who succeed will change the world, and that is progress.
The commercial space industry is enormous and ripe for disruption.
Biotech 1.0 is slow, like a lab science, and Version 2.0 is more like computational sciences.
Rockets often spiral out of control if you put too much propellant in them.
Lots of deals happen in situations that aren't 'pure work.'
Elon Musk is a remarkable individual.
By developing deep learning solutions that are faster, easier, and less expensive to use, Nervana is democratizing deep learning and fueling advances in medical diagnostics, image and speech recognition, genomics, agriculture, finance, and eventually across all industries.
The short version is I'm just a total Apple fanboy. I started programming Apples in seventh grade.
The deep learning techniques, while relatively easy to learn, are quite foreign to traditional engineering modalities. It takes a different mindset and a relaxation of the presumption of control. The practitioners are like magi, sequestered from the rest of a typical engineering process.
Flourishing is everyone's birthright. I'm trying to break this hold that being smiley and cheery has on what people think the good life is.
When a nanotech company matures and becomes a real business, it becomes something else. It becomes a biotech company or a cleantech company or a memory chip company. Nanotechnology has fueled the core innovations in electronics and energy.
Building and launching rockets has been a lifelong hobby that my son and I share. We regularly travel to Nevada's Black Rock Desert to launch rockets.
Beyond self-driving cars, I think all airplanes should go pilotless. Get the pilots out of there. Even better, have no cockpit at all, and turn it into a nice lounge with a bar. Why give people the illusion of control with a steering wheel?
Since the Moon has no atmosphere, it presents a unique orbital opportunity - we could fly incredibly close to the surface while staying in lunar orbit.
When I was 11, I went to space camp at the Space Center in Texas, near where I grew up. There, I met video-game-industry pioneer Richard Garriott, better known to gamers everywhere as 'Ultima' creator Lord British.
Charging a fee for an online service is a good way to lose 90 percent of your customers.
The bad news is that most traditional VCs have a youth bias that they will state very overtly. You always wonder if that's a self-fulfilling prophecy or if it's something about the nature of those businesses.
Venture capital is a dynamic and people-driven business.
Something new will always be the source of growth in Silicon Valley.
While, in general, life satisfaction goes up with wealth, beyond the safety net more and more wealth brings very radically diminishing returns on life satisfaction.
I'd stay away from investments in a variety of sectors that are capital intensive. Anyone who says we need $100 million before we know if what we're doing makes sense and the customers want it - that's not going to work.
History has proven time and again that downturns are the best time to invest in new start-ups. You get good deals and find a better environment for start-ups to grow.
Go to the moon - that's my dream.
Statistical physics or Newtonian physics gives way to quantum physics. Very unusual properties of matter emerge at that scale, and you can think about building products in a very different way. You can think about interfacing to biology in a very different way.
Technology business increasingly becomes difficult to predict because technology itself is accelerating in change, and human nature and markets are more stagnant and static. But the dynamic engine of technological innovation continues unabated.
Truly original thinkers tend not to be entrepreneurs who've spent 10 years at Cisco and can be trusted to know what they're doing. They tend to be 26 years old and highflying. They often have a very childlike mind, with some naivete.
We're impressed by people who don't know what can't be done.
We only invest in businesses that reduce labor.
Steve Jobs now rests with the sublime satisfaction of symbolic immortality.
Back when I was a student, I had Steve Jobs over to my house for a fireside chat with the GSB High Tech Club.
There are many good ideas out there that never get an audience.
There was a time and a place when a pure content start-up had a chance, and that time has passed.
If you ask any VC what it takes to be successful, you'll get a description that sounds a lot like himself. There's a preference for self-similar individuals.
If your startup is only in the development or idea stage, there is almost no better predictor of failure - I mean, utter failure, scorched-earth bankruptcy - than raising too much money in the first round.
Without disruptions, startups can't survive.
We believe strongly that all meaningful change comes from entrepreneurs.
By the time people came to realize that free, Web-based email was indeed a hot idea, Hotmail was adding 1 million new subscribers a month.
Firms that claim domain focus are late movers.
I can't invest in areas of comfort.
Because of the rate of technology change, forecast horizons are shrinking.
IT is permeating more industries. Moore's Law knocks down simulation capabilities. We don't need wind tunnels anymore, for example. You can run experiments more quickly.
Being slick is not the right answer.
Before SpaceX, no space company was worth a second meeting.
Hotmail grew its base faster than any company I can think of.
One very interesting framework for a company to succeed over time - beyond just business logic and analytics - is, do they have a reason why the best graduates in engineering programs will flock to them versus competitors?
I've always been a fan of space exploration, and I filled our entire office with space artifacts.
Elon Musk is an incredibly prolific entrepreneur, having come up with, or been at the founding team of Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity, PayPal, all different industries that seem to have nothing to do with each other.
We look for companies that are unlike anything we've ever seen before, with a bold vision to change the world and run by passionate entrepreneurs who get you jumping out of your seat.
It is quite moving to hold a piece of Mars in your hands and to reflect on its incredible interplanetary journey, and the science that gives confidence as to the origin of this unusual rock.
I love what I do. I love to learn.
I've actually come to respect the most irritatingly challenging people I've worked with as really valuable in improving group decision-making and what to do and what to invest in.
Eventually, all cars are going to be autonomous.
Elon Musk is an incredible leader and entrepreneur. I have known him since 1995 when he first came to Silicon Valley.
The concept of a 'job' is pretty recent. If you go back a few hundred years, everyone was either a slave or a serf, or living off slave or serf labor to pursue science or philosophy or art.
No politician has a 50-year horizon.
I do lament how many investors focus on all the short-term sugar buzz of some marginal improvement in something - nothing history books are ever going to be written about. In many cases, these are quick and easy ways to make money.
I taught myself HTML.
Hotmail went from zero to 12 million users with zero marketing steps. Not a penny was spent on sales and marketing, which was astounding. It showed us the power of the network effect.
Steve Jobs was my hero.
I started programming Apples in seventh grade.
SpaceX lowered the cost of going into space by 10x.
A big part of green tech will be organisms that eat waste.
Every new industry has exuberance in advance of reality. The techies get carried away. There is a period of despair. Then the pendulum swings the other way, and people see the long term potential. It's like when the Internet bubble crashed.
There is no correlation between a weak IPO market and an impact on early-stage VCs.
One tech-related concern with religion is that it appears to be a positive feedback loop to the accelerating rich-poor gap, as the disenfranchised opt out of modernity.
In chemicals, Synthetic Genomics is one of my real loves.
The economies of the future are information.
I don't really care what the venture industry thinks.
If I want to make a product that is appealing to consumers, like a piece of clothing or a video game, that's fad driven. Some companies do it, and I don't know how they do it, but it's generally a bad place to invest.
The beauty of compounding iterative algorithms - evolution, fractals, organic growth, art - derives from their irreducibility.
I love photography. I love rockets.
By day, I'm a venture capitalist. On weekends, I love rockets.
