Indian,Businessman
In a marathon, if you run too fast, you get exhausted. If you run too slow, you never make it.
There's no harm being a copycat. If someone else is doing a good job, copy. It's free.
Culture is about the mindset of people, and we are very happy to have a strong combined mindset of people.
When a lion doesn't get its prey, it remains hungry. When the prey saves himself, he has not won, but has saved his life.
I was not very keen on joining the family business... there were 14 family members working together, and it worried me that I would not have enough individuality.
My view is that, as management, the focus has to be on having a strategy and executing it. As you do the strategy and execution, it is important to communicate it consistently.
It is possible that the digital world may change the need for physical branches. We will continue to add branches incrementally, but we will reach a point - whether it is 1,500, 1,800 or 2,000 branches - where we will say enough is enough.
I am a believer in the journey and enjoying the journey.
If what you create does not outlive you, then you have failed.
My view is make Indian manufacturing competitive, and if it is competitive, it can serve customers or consumers anywhere.
I keep wondering at night, 'Will I have a bank the next morning, or will some technology company be doing banking without needing a bank?'
The trouble with opportunity is, it never announces when it comes. It's only after it's gone, you'd realize that you missed it.
The ability to scale up is hard. So the best model for us is concentrated India, diversified financial services, and through this, we can get significant scale on an Indian platform.
If companies are able to raise equity from the market, then their problems for financing incomplete projects will come to end. Investment cycle in the capital market can kick-start with the money of savers and investors.
A lot of family members worked in the joint commodities family business. It was a classic case of capitalism at work and socialism at home.
It's true that I have always been very comfortable with numbers.
I would have loved to have been a cricketer.
There is socialism in the family that conflicts with meritocracy. And that bothered me.
Growth should take care of the fear of job losses. People will be challenged to do different things. For people who are not up to it, purely based on objective assessment, that's a different issue, which, you do it anyway.
For me, the real thing is make, serve and list in India. Which means we need manufacturing, we need services, and we need financial markets.
Historically, in India, the strange fact was that the equity owner was not taking as much hit as the lender. Therefore, if we restore the first principle of economics, that first the equity owner needs to take the hit and then the lender, we will get a good solution.
A lot of our fiscal deficit went to fund consumption and really did not get used to build investment and infrastructure. The trouble is, you can get a spurt in GDP growth, which may not be sustainable. I would much rather build the gradient of a long-term marathon.
As long as there is cash, and the economy is running, all is well. But as a bank, we'll have to test, experiment, try a hundred different things. A few may work, a few may fail, but we have to experiment and try.
Technology is an enabler; you have to be at the cutting edge of technology - there is no choice.
Younger customers are the future, but older customers have the money. So you need both: one for the present, and the other for the future.
Our view is that younger customers love our digital offering, our mobile banking applications and so on. Older customers expect relationship managers and want much more personal attention in terms of their needs.
