South African,Athlete
God made me the way I am, and I accept myself. I am who I am, and I'm proud of myself.
It's all about the hard work, knowing your strengths and weaknesses. You work on what you know you can do best. I have speed.
I think I have made a difference. I have meant a lot to my people. I have done well. They are proud of me. And that was the main focus. I was doing it for my people, the people who support me.
I am not a fake. I am natural. I am just being Caster. I don't want to be someone I don't want to be. I don't want to be someone people want me to be. I just want to be me. I was born like this. I don't want any changes.
I am an athlete, and I focus more on the issues that concern me: training, perform, eat, sleep.
When you walk out of your apartment, you think about performing; you do not think about how your opponent looks. So I think the advice from me to everybody is just to go out there and have fun.
I am a dreamer. And what I dream of is to become Olympic champion, world champion, world record holder.
The thing I'm afraid of the most with the 800m is injuries. That's why I don't normally like to run in a group: I prefer to be in front, just in case someone pushes me with their spikes. I don't like stuff like that.
I don't like fame; I prefer to have no profile. But this is not possible for me.
People are always asking me for pictures, signing autographs, everywhere I go. Before, it used to irritate me, but I've learned to handle the situation. I cannot run away unless I lock myself in my room and never go out.
Yes, I learned history at school; I know everything about apartheid. My dad, he bought the books about it, stuff like that. But I just move on with my life. It's completely different for me.
I think sports are meant to unite people.
Times don't matter but medals matter.
I've always liked to be on my own, since I was young. I like the sound of a quiet place. It helps me focus.
When I am in that lane, and I hear, 'Caster Semenya from South Africa,' I always know I am doing it for my people. They love and support me, and I will always do them proud; I will always put them first. Without them, I am nothing.
I could never give up athletics. Running is what I will always do. Even if, maybe, the authorities could have stopped me from running in 2009, they could not have stopped me in the fields. I would have carried on with my running; it doesn't matter. When I run I feel free, my mind is free.
