South African,Playwright
I'm fascinated by how much has changed from one generation to another. There are young people growing up now for whom apartheid is just a distant memory and the idea of military service is an abstract notion.
Traveling is one of few zones of experience where you are not directly plugged into the world around you. You're not part of the society you're passing through.
I work by hand, with a fountain pen, in bound notebooks I buy in India.
I wrote large chunks of 'The Impostor' and 'The Good Doctor' on a beach in Goa.
Unrequited affection is very painful for the lover, but it can have unexpected, creative consequences.
While apartheid was in operation, the set-up was a gift for writers if you were looking for a big theme.
Literature at its fullest takes human nature as its theme. That's the kind of writing that interests me.
I should confess that I'm woefully under-read in South African fiction.
Perhaps cliche is nothing more than the weight of the past pinning down your mind. In this sense, imaginative freedom is a way of finding the future, though it isn't so easy to do.
I first went to India because of my interest in yoga, hoping to go to the Iyengar Centre in Pune for a while. That didn't work out, but I ended up on a beach in Goa, writing.
I've been wanting to write a book about what goes into creating a novel, and the story behind 'A Passage to India' is especially interesting.
Real obsession needs an unconscious motivation behind it.
Something in a writer's brain needs to watch everything with a detached, amoral eye.
There aren't a lot of 'Aha!' moments in writing.
I like to believe that if you pay close attention to the sentences as they unfold, they will draw you in rather than pushing you away.
India I have visited a great many times, though there is a lot about it I will never understand.
'Arctic Summer,' as you might know, is the title of Forster's one unfinished novel.
Most writers battle with periods of being blocked; it's almost an occupational hazard. But in the writing of his last and greatest novel, 'A Passage to India,' E. M. Forster got stuck for nine years.
I think there's something very dark in the South African psyche. I think we live a lot of the time in a state of a very low-grade civil war; the levels of violence in South Africa are extremely high. In a way, the civil war that never happened is being played out in a covert way, so we live with a lot of very ugly things.
South Africa is highly politicised; even small issues become politicised, and it becomes quite bitter.
I long for a South African society that's free of ideological forces - no society can ever really be free of ideological forces - but I wish it was free of power.
I think the impulse took shape in early childhood when I was very ill with lymphoma for a number of years. I spent a lot of time in hospitals and sick-rooms, being read to by various relatives, and I learned to associate books with love and attention.
Any radical change or trauma always makes for interesting subject matter, but then all stories deal, to some extent, with the disjuncture between past and present.
Rian Malan was one of the first younger writers to perceive and write about a darkness in the South African psyche that goes deeper than mere politics. To some extent, that's my territory, too.
It's expected of novels that they should explain the world and create the illusion that things are ultimately logical and coherent. But that's not what I see around me. Often, events remain mysterious and unresolved, and our emotions reach no catharsis.
I go for long walks in Newlands Forest in Cape Town, and I go to the Turkish baths on Sunday mornings.
