South African,Athlete
Mondays are a good day to make statements, not Friday.
When you get to the tee on a really long par 5, I know what you're feeling. You want to let the shaft out on the driver and try to bomb it down there. I get the same feeling. But a big tee shot is not always the best strategy, especially on a long hole.
Right before I start the putter back, I think about making solid contact. This brings your attention to the back of the ball and helps keep your head still at impact, which is a must. Many amateurs take a peek down the line too soon, and that can cause all sorts of mis-hits.
Swinging harder with a longer club almost always leads to bad shots.
Grip pressure - not mechanical flaws - is the biggest factor when you're nervous. You unconsciously grip it tighter, which keeps you from making a smooth swing with a natural release. Keep your grip pressure light, and you'll be surprised how much your mechanics stabilize.
For all the fun, don't forget: I always knew when to put my golf balls down and practice.
I've got my life. I'm very serious about my business. I've got my family. And I've got my game.
There have been so many majors that got away, starting at Riviera in '95, taking a three-shot lead into the final round of the PGA and not winning.
There's so much more to life than golf. Family is always first.
When I stay athletic with good posture and get the club away in a good position, I get through it better.
I have to believe that if I keep doing what I'm doing, the results will reflect that, and I'll give myself plenty more opportunities to win.
I never thought I'd be comfortable living outside South Africa, but we love London. Our two kids were born here.
You don't have to be long off the tee, and we know the amazing effect an Open crowd can have if you're on your game and how they can lift you.
It is just a crazy life as a sportsman. My daughter, Sam, wants to go into tennis, and I tell her, 'No, you don't want to go into professional sport.'
I'd like to win the Masters and the PGA and complete the career Grand Slam.
I'm sure you have a hole at your course where you love to hit the tee shot. You can't wait to get up there and bomb away because the fairway is wide, or the hole always plays downwind.
Make a conscious effort to loosen your hands and let your arms feel soft when you're at address. Take the club back a bit shorter, and feel as if you're cracking a whip on the way down - not tensing up to smash something hard.
Your longest drives will come when you feel you're swinging at 75 percent.
Throughout my career, I've been sponsored by several different equipment companies - Lynx, Titleist, Callaway.
I use a 1994 South African 5 rand coin to mark my ball. It reminds me of my '94 U.S. Open win at Oakmont.
Something I've really enjoyed learning more about is course design.
Unless it's a dead-straight short putt, you should focus on a spot somewhere along the line you want to roll the ball on.
You should never get set over the ball and then aim your putter face. If you do it in that order, you can easily lose sight of your intended line. Instead, aim the face down your line first, then settle your body into position.
Before you take your address, while you're still reading the putt, imagine the ball tracking on the line you've chosen and falling into the cup. If you don't believe you can make every putt, why bother trying?
In 2002, the 2000 Engelbrecht Els wine was released in South Africa and received high ratings.
I prefer old-world wines like Lafite Rothschild and Margaux.
If you can hit your 3- and 5-woods with confidence from the fairway, par 5s become birdie opportunities, and 420-yard par 4s are a lot less scary.
