German,Writer
I see the world being slowly transformed into a wilderness; I hear the approaching thunder that, one day, will destroy us too. I feel the suffering of millions. And yet, when I look up at the sky, I somehow feel that everything will change for the better, that this cruelty too shall end, that peace and tranquility will return once more.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.
Human greatness does not lie in wealth or power, but in character and goodness. People are just people, and all people have faults and shortcomings, but all of us are born with a basic goodness.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
I have a family, loving aunts, and a good home. No, on the surface I seem to have everything except my one true friend. All I think about when I'm with friends is having a good time. I can't bring myself to talk about anything but ordinary everyday things. We don't seem to be able to get any closer, and that's the problem.
Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction.
Despite everything, I believe that people are really good at heart.
The final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit.
Writing in a diary is a really strange experience for someone like me. Not only because I've never written anything before, but also because it seems to me that later on neither I nor anyone else will be interested in the musings of a thirteen-year-old schoolgirl.
I simply can't build my hopes on a foundation of confusion, misery and death... I think... peace and tranquillity will return again.
Although I'm only fourteen, I know quite well what I want. I know who is right and who is wrong. I have my opinions, my own ideas and principles, and although it may sound pretty mad from an adolescent, I feel more of a person than a child. I feel quite independent of anyone.
I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.
He who has courage and faith will never perish in misery!
No one has ever become poor by giving.
I don't want to have lived in vain like most people. I want to be useful or bring enjoyment to all people, even those I've never met. I want to go on living even after my death!
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
I must uphold my ideals, for perhaps the time will come when I shall be able to carry them out.
When I write, I can shake off all my cares.
This morning I lay in the bathtub thinking how wonderful it would be if I had a dog like Rin Tin Tin. I'd call him Rin Tin Tin too, and I'd take him to school with me, where he could stay in the janitor's room or by the bicycle racks when the weather was good.
If I haven't any talent for writing books or newspaper articles, well, then I can always write for myself.
I live in a crazy time.
And finally I twist my heart round again, so that the bad is on the outside and the good is on the inside, and keep on trying to find a way of becoming what I would so like to be, and could be, if there weren't any other people living in the world.
