German,Actor
Eating is my main hobby now, and most of what I do on the weekend revolves around that.
I always try to start my weekend by running on the beach, which is great fun here in Barcelona.
I enjoy passing time in my house. I'll get up, head out on the terrace, think about what to do, fool around oiling the floorboards or hanging pictures askew.
I'm learning with my mom how to cook more Spanish food. I'm trying to make a good paella, but that's a real art.
My first languages are German and Spanish because I was brought up by a Spanish mother and a German father, so I always spoke both languages at home. I'm very thankful that I was brought up in a bilingual house.
We Germans should know that we're good at constructing cars, and we have a lot of good qualities. But we're not the funniest.
My parents always went to rallies and demonstrated against certain things; my generation, we often have a political conscience, but we're not that involved.
When I was a kid, we all knew who Niki Lauda was. He was a hero, a living legend in Germany. Everybody knows him.
I would love to spend a year living in New York; I've wanted to do that since I was 18. I'll be really disappointed if I'm 50 and haven't done something like that.
I'm always nervous doing auditions - to be honest, I hate it. I always envy the actors who are so cool and cold-blooded when they go in for an audition, especially if it's for a part that you would really love to play.
I started to do theater when I was a little boy at school, and then, I think because my father was a documentary filmmaker and worked for German television, I was of course fascinated by what he did. Then when I was around 15, I did my first movie.
My special thing as a kid was to play dead because I thought I was really good at it. When I was 7 or 8, I even did it in the bathroom with a hair dryer in the bathtub. I realized that I was good at it because each time my mom would scream.
Well, my first languages are German and Spanish because I was brought up by a Spanish mother and a German father, so I always spoke both languages at home. I'm very thankful that I was brought up in a bilingual house.
I started to do theater when I was a little boy at school, and then, I think because my father was a documentary filmmaker and worked for German television, I was of course fascinated by what he did.
When I was around 15, I did my first movie. I was at a kids' agency, and the third time I was invited to an audition, they offered me a little part in some kiddie thing, and I earned my first money. I was very proud that I could buy my first mountain bike with my own money.
When I was a kid, we all knew who Niki Lauda was. He was a hero, a living legend in Germany. Everybody knows him. And he's still very present on TV because he's commenting for Formula One.
If you play a real character who's famous and still alive, it makes things easier if you have the luck to have a good relationship with them.
I have one car that works; it's fast and safe: an Audi 5. And I have two old cars that never work: an old Peugeot convertible, and an Alfa Romeo Giulia.
When I went to the 'Rush' audition, I was blown away by the script. I thought it was fantastic.
A dream my girlfriend and I have is to move to New York for a year or two because we just love the city. I would take some acting classes.
I live between Barcelona and Berlin. Staying in Spain over the winter and Berlin for spring and summer is an ideal combination.
I was lucky to start working when German cinema was having an interesting moment. Now the quality is going downhill again because they're insisting on doing comedies. We should know by now that we make good cars but we're not the funniest people.
