German,Model
I don't know about style. I know about my personal style.
With modeling, you pose. You want to look your best all the time. With acting, you have to be aware of the camera, but the more you show your imperfections, the better you're going to be.
Critics can be harsh and I think it's going to take me a long time to make people see what I have inside of me and that I really put my guts into movies and that I'm not superficial and that I'm not just a pretty face.
I don't want to let my life as a woman pass me by. There's a time to work, there's a time to be young and crazy, and there should be a time to enjoy motherhood. I'm actually looking forward to that.
I grew up loving actresses or actors who were very classy but who seemed a little bit mysterious because you couldn't grasp what they're really thinking. I mean, Grace Kelly always looked impossibly glamorous, yet you could always see there was something behind her eyes.
I grew up loving actresses or actors who were very classy but who seemed a little bit mysterious because you couldn't grasp what they're really thinking.
I am a better person when I let myself have the time for romance and for love.
The only song I can sing is 'Lady in Red' so that must tell you how great it must have been.
I do give myself a break in my personal life but I think in work, if you don't push yourself you get bored and want to do something else.
In Paris, I rent a bike in the street and cycle around, and in L.A. I live up in the hills so I go hiking a lot.
I think they went with the idea that people know the story pretty much- knowing that he's going to take her when she's going to go with him. Also, the movie is really focused on Achilles and Hector and their battles.
I like to stay fit by being generally active.
I would do anything for a part, nearly anything. Being in movies doesn't mean being pretty.
Her beauty didn't do her any good and she couldn't use it in any positive way or manipulative way. I just hope that people will look and see and believe in that hope of love, that hope of freedom, even if it was just for a limited time.
But quite honestly, personally, I was much more concerned - I mean, there's not much I can do about my appearance obviously other than spending four hours in hair and makeup.
I don't know how you prepare for something like that. I cannot imagine living in a fishbowl like that. I don't live here so I don't know it will be that bad anyway because I live in Paris and we don't have that sort of phenomenon there. So I don't know, we'll see what happens.
I love Nic Cage. He was so much fun to work with.
I made a French film called 'Merry Christmas' which is a very European film. It's a World War I piece.
I play a curator, the most American part you can think of. My work is to protect the Declaration of Independence. I work at the National Archives in Washington.
I really feel like the first day I went to drama school and I went up on stage, that I found my vocation. It's kind of a cliched thing to say but I really feel like it was what I was meant to do.
It must have been so impossible to think about it and dare to do that, so they feel compassionate for her. I don't think the movie would work otherwise.
It's quite a famous story that takes place on Christmas Eve, and the Germans, French, and Scottish are trying to make peace one night and they bury their dead and they play football. I play a German opera singer, in German, which I never have so I am really excited about that.
Looking back at it now, I really feel like it was a gift because I don't know if I have the talent to become a prima ballerina. It's such a hard job to have. I don't have any regrets about it.
Orlando's a really cool guy. They hired him for 'Lord of the Rings' out of drama school. He's very new at this still and doesn't have a lot of experience. So we were in this together and we've tried to help each other out. We felt very equal which was good.
What I really tried to do with Helen was make her show this sad side of her. She was married off at 16, was so young and living in this castle that can't leave because of how she looks, and married to a man she hates and three times her age.
I don't have any romantic ideas about marriage. Trust me. A white dress... ? No. It's not something for me.
Modeling is so... not superficial. Well, I guess it is. But it's boring.
I'm not a very good impersonator, my friends maybe, but not famous people.
What counts in Hollywood is box office. It doesn't really matter what people think of you as an actor because, as long as you have been in a movie that has made money, you will always get another job.
Strong brows give me character.
I'm on time even when I try not to be.
When I was younger - it might be a romantic idea - I always thought I might go crazy.
I feel as if sometimes women can't deal with what's going on and they have no one around who actually understands.
You can learn any accent you want. It's a fascinating thing.
I like the idea of accessibility, coming from a lower-middle-class background myself, I feel like beauty and products should be accessible to all women over the world.
Being German, I think we don't really express a lot of things.
I don't have to work just to work anymore. More interesting parts come my way, so I can afford to say, 'I don't want to make that.'
I'm not one of those women who thinks beauty is a curse.
It's taken me a long time to realize that my own life is far more interesting than any part I'll ever play.
In between films I like to travel and hope to visit every continent before I become a mother.
I consider myself a 'local' actor in France. I started out in France, I went to drama school in France and the French film community was very welcoming to me when I was a young actress.
The ultimate art form of fashion is couture. I completely geek out when it comes to couture. It shows fashion as it used to be. I don't know how many people can actually afford the clothes, but in a way, that's beside the point.
I'm not a snob.
You should be smart enough to know that you don't know everything. But you have to believe in yourself. I certainly do.
I've worked with actors who were very helpful and a lot better than I was.
I think Charlize Theron is just as good when she is looking really pretty in a movie as when she gains 10 pounds and puts on a nose. I applaud her - good for her that she doesn't care. But she's just as good, whether she's pretty or not.
It's maybe hard to believe, but as a kid I really had a lot of self-doubts. My father was very ill - he was an alcoholic - so there were a lot of things that built up for me. And because I was going to a Catholic school in a small German town, a lot of it was suppressed. I was angry and didn't know how to get it out.
I realized through my personal travels how little I know about certain conflicts, because I was too vain or self-absorbed to ask the questions. That's been the focus while I'm in my thirties - to become an accomplished woman, rather than some actress.
When I turned 30, I realized how ignorant I really was. I always thought I had a very accomplished life.
Family is becoming more and more important to me.
My sport is biking. I'm not much of a gym person, but I like being outside - hiking, canoeing, camping.
I find that classical music helps put me in a place that is very calming and allows me to express emotion through my body. I played clarinet as a child, so I guess I have a bit of a musical ear.
Above all, I dislike vulgarity.
