German,Dramatist
Art is the right hand of Nature. The latter has only given us being, the former has made us men.
Art is the daughter of freedom.
Keep true to the dreams of your youth.
Great souls suffer in silence.
The strong man is strongest when alone.
Revenge is barren of itself: it is the dreadful food it feeds on; its delight is murder, and its end is despair.
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.
He who has done his best for his own time has lived for all times.
No emperor has the power to dictate to the heart.
Against stupidity the very gods themselves contend in vain.
Dare to err and to dream. Deep meaning often lies in childish plays.
Of all the possessions of this life fame is the noblest; when the body has sunk into the dust the great name still lives.
Disappointments are to the soul what a thunderstorm is to the air.
It is often wise to reveal that which cannot be concealed for long.
To gain a crown by fighting is great, to reject it divine.
Power is the most persuasive rhetoric.
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.
Who dares nothing, need hope for nothing.
It is criminal to steal a purse, daring to steal a fortune, a mark of greatness to steal a crown. The blame diminishes as the guilt increases.
Every true genius is bound to be naive.
Opposition always inflames the enthusiast, never converts him.
There is room in the smallest cottage for a happy loving pair.
The rich become richer and the poor become poorer is a cry heard throughout the whole civilized world.
Utility is the great idol of the age, to which all powers must do service and all talents swear allegiance.
With stupidity the gods themselves struggle in vain.
It is easy to give advice from a port of safety.
Votes should be weighed not counted.
Full of wisdom are the ordinations of fate.
The world is ruled only by consideration of advantages.
To save all we must risk all.
Will it, and set to work briskly.
It is difficult to discriminate the voice of truth from amid the clamor raised by heated partisans.
I am better than my reputation.
It hinders the creative work of the mind if the intellect examines too closely the ideas as they pour in.
The universe is one of God's thoughts.
A merely fallen enemy may rise again, but the reconciled one is truly vanquished.
It does not prove a thing to be right because the majority say it is so.
Freedom can occur only through education.
The key to education is the experience of beauty.
In the society, where people are just parts in a larger machine, individuals are unable to develop fully.
Live with your century; but do not be its creature.
The history of the world is the world's court of justice.
