German,Statesman
We must take care that globalization does not become something people become afraid of.
Any degree of unemployment worries me.
I can't let important policy decisions hinge on the fact that an election is coming up every 90 days.
This question about Iraq has gotten personal.
There's no conflict between the social-welfare state and open markets.
Germany is very free-trade oriented.
A market that's as open as possible is the precondition for a successful economy, and a successful economy is the precondition to being able to pay for social security.
Next, we will create a modern immigration law.
We are seeing significant growth in foreign investment in Germany.
As far as missile defense is concerned, a very thorough consultation process is underway.
The question of feasibility, the question of cost, the question of including partners elsewhere in the world, the question of the effect of this project on arms agreements - all these issues are in discussion.
One effect could be that the huge atomic arsenal created in the cold war could be reduced significantly.
We made a decision that monetary policy will be made by an independent European Central Bank.
Any debate among politicians about monetary policy is counterproductive.
A common currency imposes on us a duty to cooperate more on policy.
Indeed, the creators of the euro envisioned it as an instrument to promote political union.
Whatever the details of union may be, there's no doubt we need more policy coordination in Europe.
Germany is in favor of integration precisely because we don't want dominance.
Naturally we are aware of the strength of our economy and naturally we don't want to downplay it.
We really believe our national interests are identical with European interests.
We want to change the way we help unemployed people find jobs. We want to be faster and more goal oriented.
We want to encourage those who are able to work, no question.
If I correctly understand the goal of American policy, one wishes Russia to be a partner.
My impression is that American policy speaks not of antagonism but rather partnership.
As far as my relationship with President Putin is concerned, it's fine.
I am not the German Tony Blair. Nor am I the German Bill Clinton. I am Gerhard Schroeder, chancellor of Germany, responsible for Germany. I don't want to be a copy of anyone.
