German,Politician
I don't want to give myself grades. I will leave evaluation of my achievements to history.
Germany is our fatherland; Europe is our future.
If one has no compass, when one doesn't know where one stands and where one wants to go, one can deduce that one has no leadership or interest in shaping events.
Isolated decisions, however well-founded they might seem to the individual, and national go-it-alone moves must belong to the past. They should not be the 21st-century method of choice, particularly because the consequences of the European community's actions must often be carried collectively.
I have been underestimated for decades. I have done very well that way.
Two decisions have damaged the stability both of the euro and of Europe: the premature admission of Greece to the euro area and the breach and subsequent weakening of the stability and growth pact.
We all need Europe, not just those of us in Europe. And we Germans need Europe more than the others. Germany is the country with the longest border, the most neighbours, and is, by population and economic strength, the number one in Europe.
Where is Germany now and where does it want to go? It's a question being asked by our partners and allies abroad. We have to return - urgently - to our old dependability. We have to make clear for others what we stand for, where we're headed, and that we know where we belong.
In a democracy, if you don't get the votes, nothing else is possible, no matter how wonderful your dreams.
You didn't just pay lip service to the goal of overcoming the division of Europe and Germany... Rather, you put yourself at the forefront of those who encouraged us on the way to unity.
Where there is no will, no rules or laws can help.
We were united not only by political respect for each other, but also by deep mutual sympathy as people.
Nations with a common currency never went to war against each other. A common currency is more than the money you pay with.
Peace must be more than the absence of war.
Russia is Germany's most important neighbor in the East, and it will remain so.
For me it is completely clear that our air bases in Germany would be available to the Americans.
George Bush was for me the most important ally on the road to German unity.
The army is under orders to defend every place.
The Christian Democrats always made you feel like the poor relation.
If a Chancellor is trying to push something through, he must be a man of power. And if he's smart, he knows when the time is ripe. In one case - the euro - I was like a dictator... The euro is a synonym for Europe.
Political life is like this - elections go back and forth. Representative democracy can only be successful if one sits down and says, 'That's it. I will connect myself,' - as I did - 'connect my existence to a political project.' Then you automatically have in your party a lot of people who say, 'If that fails, so do I'.
My childhood ended in 1942. I was 12, and for the next three years, I lived under incessant bombings. It was a life of constant fear.
I experienced Nazism as a child. Like many of my generation, I was motivated by the desire to prevent another war at any price.
People in Tel Aviv can not imagine, but in 1990, here in Leipzig or Dresden, whoever wanted to buy a car had to wait 14 years. The East Germans worked like people in the West, but the fruits of their labor were harvested by a criminal regime.
The most important rule of the new Europe is: There must never again be violence in Europe.
Gorbachev's legacy is that he called time on communism, partially against his will, but in fact, he finished it off. Without violence. Without bloodshed. Beyond that, I am struggling to think of much else in terms of real legacy.
