German,Philosopher
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
In law a man is guilty when he violates the rights of others. In ethics he is guilty if he only thinks of doing so.
Experience without theory is blind, but theory without experience is mere intellectual play.
Two things awe me most, the starry sky above me and the moral law within me.
Morality is not the doctrine of how we may make ourselves happy, but how we may make ourselves worthy of happiness.
Always recognize that human individuals are ends, and do not use them as means to your end.
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
It is beyond a doubt that all our knowledge begins with experience.
Seek not the favor of the multitude; it is seldom got by honest and lawful means. But seek the testimony of few; and number not voices, but weigh them.
Happiness is not an ideal of reason, but of imagination.
He who is cruel to animals becomes hard also in his dealings with men. We can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals.
To be is to do.
Out of timber so crooked as that from which man is made nothing entirely straight can be carved.
Thoughts without content are empty, intuitions without concepts are blind.
May you live your life as if the maxim of your actions were to become universal law.
Religion is the recognition of all our duties as divine commands.
But although all our knowledge begins with experience, it does not follow that it arises from experience.
Live your life as though your every act were to become a universal law.
A categorical imperative would be one which represented an action as objectively necessary in itself, without reference to any other purpose.
If man makes himself a worm he must not complain when he is trodden on.
Ingratitude is the essence of vileness.
Immaturity is the incapacity to use one's intelligence without the guidance of another.
What can I know? What ought I to do? What can I hope?
It is not necessary that whilst I live I live happily; but it is necessary that so long as I live I should live honourably.
All thought must, directly or indirectly, by way of certain characters, relate ultimately to intuitions, and therefore, with us, to sensibility, because in no other way can an object be given to us.
Even philosophers will praise war as ennobling mankind, forgetting the Greek who said: 'War is bad in that it begets more evil than it kills.'
