German,Philosopher
The task of art today is to bring chaos into order.
Technology is making gestures precise and brutal, and with them men.
The joke of our time is the suicide of intention.
If time is money, it seems moral to save time, above all one's own, and such parsimony is excused by consideration for others. One is straight-forward.
Estrangement shows itself precisely in the elimination of distance between people.
Dialectic thought is an attempt to break through the coercion of logic by its own means.
For a man who no longer has a homeland, writing becomes a place to live.
In the end, glorification of splendid underdogs is nothing other than glorification of the splendid system that makes them so.
Work while you work, play while you play - this is a basic rule of repressive self-discipline.
Freedom would be not to choose between black and white but to abjure such prescribed choices.
Today self-consciousness no longer means anything but reflection on the ego as embarrassment, as realization of impotence: knowing that one is nothing.
Art is permitted to survive only if it renounces the right to be different, and integrates itself into the omnipotent realm of the profane.
A German is someone who cannot tell a lie without believing it himself.
Horror is beyond the reach of psychology.
There is no love that is not an echo.
Intelligence is a moral category.
Tact is the discrimination of differences. It consists in conscious deviations.
Truth is inseperable from the illusory belief that from the figures of the unreal one day, in spite of all, real deliverance will come.
Exuberant health is always, as such, sickness also.
The first and only principle of sexual ethics: the accuser is always in the wrong.
Wrong life cannot be lived rightly.
Modernity is a qualitative, not a chronological, category.
He who matures early lives in anticipation.
The poor are prevented from thinking by the discipline of others, the rich by their own.
Art is magic delivered from the lie of being truth.
In many people it is already an impertinence to say 'I'.
Life has become the ideology of its own absence.
The good man is he who rules himself as he does his own property: his autonomous being is modelled on material power.
In his state of complete powerlessness the individual perceives the time he has left to live as a brief reprieve.
The individual mirrors in his individuation the preordained social laws of exploitation, however mediated.
Insane sects grow with the same rhythm as big organizations. It is the rhythm of total destruction.
History does not merely touch on language, but takes place in it.
He who integrates is lost.
Only a humanity to whom death has become as indifferent as its members, that has itself died, can inflict it administratively on innumerable people.
Thinking no longer means anymore than checking at each moment whether one can indeed think.
Because thought has by now been perverted into the solving of assigned problems, even what is not assigned is processed like a problem.
The culture industry not so much adapts to the reactions of its customers as it counterfeits them.
If across the Atlantic the ideology was pride, here it is delivering the goods.
All satire is blind to the forces liberated by decay. Which is why total decay has absorbed the forces of satire.
Everything that has ever been called folk art has always reflected domination.
In psycho-analysis nothing is true except the exaggerations.
The recent past always presents itself as if destroyed by catastrophes.
Lies are told only to convey to someone that one has no need either of him or his good opinion.
He who stands aloof runs the risk of believing himself better than others and misusing his critique of society as an ideology for his private interest.
The hardest hit, as everywhere, are those who have no choice.
Once the last trace of emotion has been eradicated, nothing remains of thought but absolute tautology.
No harm comes to man from outside alone: dumbness is the objective spirit.
In the age of the individual's liquidation, the question of individuality must be raised anew.
A pencil and rubber are of more use to thought than a battalion of assistants. To happiness the same applies as to truth: one does not have it, but is in it.
The specific is not exclusive: it lacks the aspiration to totality.
Proletarian language is dictated by hunger. The poor chew words to fill their bellies.
Anti-Semitism is the rumour about the Jews.
When all actions are mathematically calculated, they also take on a stupid quality.
