Czechoslovakian,Writer
Business has only two functions - marketing and innovation.
The sound of laughter is like the vaulted dome of a temple of happiness.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
Optimism is the opium of the people.
Dogs are our link to paradise. They don't know evil or jealousy or discontent.
Listening to a news broadcast is like smoking a cigarette and crushing the butt in the ashtray.
To sit with a dog on a hillside on a glorious afternoon is to be back in Eden, where doing nothing was not boring - it was peace.
Those who consider the Devil to be a partisan of Evil and angels to be warriors for Good accept the demagogy of the angels. Things are clearly more complicated.
Happiness is the longing for repetition.
Nudity is the uniform of the other side... nudity is a shroud.
There is nothing heavier than compassion. Not even one's own pain weighs so heavy as the pain one feels for someone, for someone, pain intensified by the imagination and prolonged by a hundred echos.
Mysticism and exaggeration go together. A mystic must not fear ridicule if he is to push all the way to the limits of humility or the limits of delight.
No matter how much we scorn it, kitsch is an integral part of the human condition.
When I was a little boy in short pants, I dreamed about a miraculous ointment that would make me invisible. Then I became an adult, began to write, and wanted to be successful. Now I'm successful and would like to have the ointment that would make me invisible.
To be a writer does not mean to preach a truth, it means to discover a truth.
Only a literary work that reveals an unknown fragment of human existence has a reason for being.
The novelist teaches the reader to comprehend the world as a question. There is wisdom and tolerance in that attitude. In a world built on sacrosanct certainties the novel is dead.
The stupidity of people comes from having an answer for everything. The wisdom of the novel comes from having a question for everything.
The light that radiates from the great novels time can never dim, for human existence is perpetually being forgotten by man and thus the novelists' discoveries, however old they may be, will never cease to astonish.
No great movement designed to change the world can bear to be laughed at or belittled. Mockery is a rust that corrodes all it touches.
All great novels, all true novels, are bisexual.
The struggle of man against power is the struggle of memory against forgetting.
The worth of a human being lies in the ability to extend oneself, to go outside oneself, to exist in and for other people.
Metaphors are dangerous. Love begins with a metaphor. Which is to say, love begins at the point when a woman enters her first word into our poetic memory.
How goodness heightens beauty!
Without realizing it, the individual composes his life according to the laws of beauty even in times of greatest distress.
In order to make the novel into a polyhistorical illumination of existence, you need to master the technique of ellipsis, the art of condensation. Otherwise, you fall into the trap of endless length.
I remember that the day I finished 'The Angels,' part three of 'The Book of Laughter and Forgetting', I was terribly proud of myself. I was sure that I had discovered the key to a new way of putting together a narrative.
