Japanese,Director
We get strength and encouragement from watching children.
I am an animator. I feel like I'm the manager of a animation cinema factory. I am not an executive. I'm rather like a foreman, like the boss of a team of craftsmen. That is the spirit of how I work.
Animators can only draw from their own experiences of pain and shock and emotions.
Plants exist in the weather and light rays that surround them - waving in the wind, shimmering in the sunlight. I am always puzzling over how to draw such things.
I like underwater life.
It would be wonderful if I could see the end of civilization during my lifetime.
Watching John Lasseter's films, I think I can understand better than anyone that what he's doing, is going straight ahead with his vision and working really hard to get that vision into film form. And I feel that my understanding this of him is my friendship towards him.
I create women characters by watching the female staff at my studio. Half the staff are women.
I think we should stop using nuclear power plants because it's an old system that we can't control.
My process is thinking, thinking and thinking - thinking about my stories for a long time.
I think Tokyo is going to sink under water soon. All those stupid high-rise buildings will sink and maybe all the traffic will be gone. And everything will be peaceful and quiet.
Is someone different at age 18 or 60? I believe one stays the same.
I'd like more of the world go back to being wild.
I don't intentionally make deep movies.
I think it's really good for a family or children to have a dog, cat, bird or whatever to grow up with.
When a man is shooting a handgun, it's just like he is shooting because that's his job, and he has no other choice. It's no good. When a girl is shooting a handgun, it's really something.
I do all my work by storyboard, so as I draw the storyboard, the world gets more and more complex, and as a result, my North, South, East, West directions kind of shift and go off base, but it seems like my staff as well as the audience, doesn't quite realize that this has happened. Don't tell them about it.
I don't like games. You're robbing the precious time of children to be children. They need to be in touch with the real world more.
I get inspiration from my everyday life.
Humans have both the urge to create and destroy.
I can't do a film after having debated it. I am unable to do a film while discussing it with my team. I issue directives. I do not achieve it otherwise.
We live in an age when it is cheaper to buy the rights to movies than to make them.
I never read reviews. I'm not interested. But I value a lot the reactions of the spectators.
It seems like everything that we see perceived in the brain before we actually use our own eyes, that everything we see is coming through computers or machines and then is being input in our brain cells. So that really worries me.
Sometimes I test myself saying, 'If I get a death sentence if I don't make this movie, would I still make this movie?'
I'm not a collector.
