Japanese,Designer
Genetic engineering is a result of science advancement, so I don't think that in itself is bad. If used wisely, genetics can be beneficial, but they can be abused, too.
There are so many games where you fight aliens or zombies, and they have very high-fidelity graphics, but they don't ask the question of why the events are happening.
Games shouldn't only be fun. They should teach or spark an interest in other things.
I am tremendously excited to introduce a unique 'Metal Gear Solid' experience to a new audience of gamers as well as collaborate with my mentor in game design, Mr. Miyamoto, on 'Metal Gear Solid: The Twin Snakes' for Nintendo GameCube.
There are many museums dedicated to technology, artistic endeavors, music, and that sort of thing. From that perspective, I think games really do have a place as a kind of collaborative art or a synthesis of all these various aspects into a whole, and that, in itself, can be perceived as art.
As a creator, I always want to betray fans' expectations.
My goal is to make a player think, 'I want to reenter this world of lies tomorrow.'
I don't really want to be a celebrity.
I try to watch a movie a day, if not more, and through movies, I learned about so many different political themes I hadn't been interested in and cultural things I hadn't been aware of and economic factors I hadn't thought about.
I want to show people how there are variations and different interpretations of good and evil.
The painter has total control over what they're showing to the viewer.
I have always had a fascination about what's inside a human being.
If it weren't for Miyamoto-san, I wouldn't be where I am.
I always observe the people who pass by when I ride an escalator. I'll never see most of them again, so I imagine a lot of things about their lives... about the day ahead of them.
I always say, 'This will be my last 'Metal Gear.'
'Metal Gear Solid' is, for the most part, an infiltration game. You go somewhere, you execute your mission, then you go back. Those are your actions as the player.
My games are rather stressful games, where you have to play for a long time.
One of my first dreams when I was a child was becoming a painter.
Japanese players do not like being thrown into an arena in which they are given very little instruction. You can head in any direction, 360 degrees. They say, 'What am I supposed to do? Give me hints. Provide me service instead of just throwing me into this arena.'
I believe that this cooperation between Nokia and Konami will form the perfect match to share the vast potential of mobile entertainment content with users all around the world.
Personally, I'm not too fond of remakes.
What I'm really trying to do is create unique characters.
Even when people abroad see me, I'm often asked about a 'Zone of the Enders' sequel.
My biggest failure is 'Metal Gear.' It's my biggest failure and my biggest success.
I don't like necessarily that people think 'Metal Gear' defines me. I love 'Metal Gear,' don't get me wrong. But as a creator, I really want to work on other projects, including new games.
Every time I make a new game, I put all of my effort completely into that game. It's like putting all your effort into a new child that's being born. Once the project is done, I can step back and look at it objectively, which is when I can see a lot of flaws. That's when I start to make a new game that tries to fix some of those flaws.
I believe the game should really feel what the players are feeling and change according to that.
When I was a child, there really weren't very many video games, but I do have memories of 'Pong.' Maybe it was 'Pong.' It was a home system in Japan, so maybe it wasn't the real 'Pong.' It was just sort of a Japanese game that was similar to 'Pong.'
My parents were born in the 1930s, and they experienced the air raids on Tokyo.
