German,Physicist
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious.
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
The only source of knowledge is experience.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
Joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
Pure mathematics is, in its way, the poetry of logical ideas.
You can't blame gravity for falling in love.
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.
Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.
No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong.
Our task must be to free ourselves by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree.
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.
The value of a man should be seen in what he gives and not in what he is able to receive.
The hardest thing to understand in the world is the income tax.
Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts.
Solitude is painful when one is young, but delightful when one is more mature.
There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle.
Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions.
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either.
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them.
A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin; what else does a man need to be happy?
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor.
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.
As far as I'm concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue.
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity.
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind.
You can never solve a problem on the level on which it was created.
Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized.
Technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal.
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
An empty stomach is not a good political adviser.
Small is the number of people who see with their eyes and think with their minds.
The faster you go, the shorter you are.
The devil has put a penalty on all things we enjoy in life. Either we suffer in health or we suffer in soul or we get fat.
We cannot despair of humanity, since we ourselves are human beings.
Love is a better teacher than duty.
I do not believe that civilization will be wiped out in a war fought with the atomic bomb. Perhaps two-thirds of the people of the earth will be killed.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
Most people say that it is the intellect which makes a great scientist. They are wrong: it is character.
Information is not knowledge.
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once.
There is no logical way to the discovery of these elemental laws. There is only the way of intuition, which is helped by a feeling for the order lying behind the appearance.
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed.
I shall never believe that God plays dice with the world.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
The process of scientific discovery is, in effect, a continual flight from wonder.
Only one who devotes himself to a cause with his whole strength and soul can be a true master. For this reason mastery demands all of a person.
The distinction between the past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion.
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives.
People love chopping wood. In this activity one immediately sees results.
Morality is of the highest importance - but for us, not for God.
Never lose a holy curiosity.
Knowledge of what is does not open the door directly to what should be.
Never do anything against conscience even if the state demands it.
I do not believe in immortality of the individual, and I consider ethics to be an exclusively human concern with no superhuman authority behind it.
I think and think for months and years. Ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.
The grand aim of all science is to cover the greatest number of empirical facts by logical deduction from the smallest number of hypotheses or axioms.
All that is valuable in human society depends upon the opportunity for development accorded the individual.
Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn one's living at it.
He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead; his eyes are closed.
I do not believe in the God of theology who rewards good and punishes evil.
I am a deeply religious nonbeliever - this is a somewhat new kind of religion.
In matters of truth and justice, there is no difference between large and small problems, for issues concerning the treatment of people are all the same.
Sometimes one pays most for the things one gets for nothing.
The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead.
I used to go away for weeks in a state of confusion.
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination.
That deep emotional conviction of the presence of a superior reasoning power, which is revealed in the incomprehensible universe, forms my idea of God.
I am not only a pacifist but a militant pacifist. I am willing to fight for peace. Nothing will end war unless the people themselves refuse to go to war.
God does not play dice.
In order to be an immaculate member of a flock of sheep, one must above all be a sheep oneself.
Human beings must have action; and they will make it if they cannot find it.
Confusion of goals and perfection of means seems, in my opinion, to characterize our age.
It is my conviction that killing under the cloak of war is nothing but an act of murder.
The high destiny of the individual is to serve rather than to rule.
God may be subtle, but he isn't plain mean.
To the Master's honor all must turn, each in its track, without a sound, forever tracing Newton's ground.
Force always attracts men of low morality.
I very rarely think in words at all. A thought comes, and I may try to express it in words afterwards.
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.
We shall require a substantially new manner of thinking if mankind is to survive.
Memory is deceptive because it is colored by today's events.
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized.
One strength of the communist system of the East is that it has some of the character of a religion and inspires the emotions of a religion.
Politics is for the present, but an equation is for eternity.
The gift of fantasy has meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge.
He who joyfully marches to music in rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would suffice.
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible.
Most of the fundamental ideas of science are essentially simple, and may, as a rule, be expressed in a language comprehensible to everyone.
It should be possible to explain the laws of physics to a barmaid.
You ask me if I keep a notebook to record my great ideas. I've only ever had one.
It is only to the individual that a soul is given.
I want to know all Gods thoughts; all the rest are just details.
We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality.
Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools.
God always takes the simplest way.
Nothing is more destructive of respect for the government and the law of the land than passing laws which cannot be enforced.
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
If I were not a physicist, I would probably be a musician. I often think in music. I live my daydreams in music. I see my life in terms of music.
It was the experience of mystery - even if mixed with fear - that engendered religion.
Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
It stands to the everlasting credit of science that by acting on the human mind it has overcome man's insecurity before himself and before nature.
Too many of us look upon Americans as dollar chasers. This is a cruel libel, even if it is reiterated thoughtlessly by the Americans themselves.
The unleashed power of the atom has changed everything save our modes of thinking and we thus drift toward unparalleled catastrophe.
We still do not know one thousandth of one percent of what nature has revealed to us.
There could be no fairer destiny for any physical theory than that it should point the way to a more comprehensive theory in which it lives on as a limiting case.
Mozart's music is so pure and beautiful that I see it as a reflection of the inner beauty of the universe.
Concern for man and his fate must always form the chief interest of all technical endeavors. Never forget this in the midst of your diagrams and equations.
The man of science is a poor philosopher.
You cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war.
It gives me great pleasure indeed to see the stubbornness of an incorrigible nonconformist warmly acclaimed.
I have just got a new theory of eternity.
Occurrences in this domain are beyond the reach of exact prediction because of the variety of factors in operation, not because of any lack of order in nature.
The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one.
All these primary impulses, not easily described in words, are the springs of man's actions.
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while.
True religion is real living; living with all one's soul, with all one's goodness and righteousness.
I cannot imagine a God who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation and is but a reflection of human frailty.
I want to go when I want. It is tasteless to prolong life artificially. I have done my share; it is time to go. I will do it elegantly.
There comes a time when the mind takes a higher plane of knowledge but can never prove how it got there.
Isn't it strange that I who have written only unpopular books should be such a popular fellow?
The road to perdition has ever been accompanied by lip service to an ideal.
