Indian,Statesman
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
Teaching is a very noble profession that shapes the character, caliber, and future of an individual. If the people remember me as a good teacher, that will be the biggest honour for me.
If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun.
Never stop fighting until you arrive at your destined place - that is, the unique you. Have an aim in life, continuously acquire knowledge, work hard, and have perseverance to realise the great life.
Science is a beautiful gift to humanity; we should not distort it.
To succeed in your mission, you must have single-minded devotion to your goal.
If a country is to be corruption free and become a nation of beautiful minds, I strongly feel there are three key societal members who can make a difference. They are the father, the mother and the teacher.
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation.
You have to dream before your dreams can come true.
You see, God helps only people who work hard. That principle is very clear.
Excellence is a continuous process and not an accident.
Small aim is a crime; have great aim.
If four things are followed - having a great aim, acquiring knowledge, hard work, and perseverance - then anything can be achieved.
To become 'unique,' the challenge is to fight the hardest battle which anyone can imagine until you reach your destination.
Poetry comes from the highest happiness or the deepest sorrow.
When we tackle obstacles, we find hidden reserves of courage and resilience we did not know we had. And it is only when we are faced with failure do we realise that these resources were always there within us. We only need to find them and move on with our lives.
Life is a difficult game. You can win it only by retaining your birthright to be a person.
Man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success.
The youth need to be enabled to become job generators from job seekers.
Creativity is the key to success in the future, and primary education is where teachers can bring creativity in children at that level.
Let me define a leader. He must have vision and passion and not be afraid of any problem. Instead, he should know how to defeat it. Most importantly, he must work with integrity.
Where there is righteousness in the heart, there is beauty in the character. When there is beauty in the character, there is harmony in the home. When there is harmony in the home, there is order in the nation. When there is order in the nation, there is peace in the world.
My message, especially to young people is to have courage to think differently, courage to invent, to travel the unexplored path, courage to discover the impossible and to conquer the problems and succeed. These are great qualities that they must work towards. This is my message to the young people.
Great dreams of great dreamers are always transcended.
Science has revealed that the human body is made up of millions and millions of atoms... For example, I am made up of 5.8x10 27 atoms.
Almost half of the population of the world lives in rural regions and mostly in a state of poverty. Such inequalities in human development have been one of the primary reasons for unrest and, in some parts of the world, even violence.
Regarding marriage, it - somehow, it didn't happen. One fellow in such a big family not getting married is not an issue.
For me, there are two types of people: the young and the experienced.
As a child of God, I am greater than anything that can happen to me.
Rameswaram has, since antiquity, been an important pilgrimage destination.
Smart habitation is an integrated area of villages and a city working in harmony and where the rural and urban divide has reduced to thin line.
In a democracy, the well-being, individuality and happiness of every citizen is important for the overall prosperity, peace and happiness of the nation.
Those who cannot work with their hearts achieve but a hollow, half-hearted success that breeds bitterness all around.
English is necessary as at present original works of science are in English. I believe that in two decades times original works of science will start coming out in our languages. Then we can move over like the Japanese.
Why are we, as a nation so obsessed with foreign things? Is it a legacy of our colonial years? We want foreign television sets. We want foreign shirts. We want foreign technology. Why this obsession with everything imported?
Educationists should build the capacities of the spirit of inquiry, creativity, entrepreneurial and moral leadership among students and become their role model.
When you look at the light bulb above you, you remember Thomas Alva Edison. When the telephone bell rings, you remember Alexander Graham Bell. Marie Curie was the first woman to win the Nobel Prize. When you see the blue sky, you think of Sir C.V. Raman.
Small aim is a crime.
While children are struggling to be unique, the world around them is trying all means to make them look like everybody else.
Tell me, why is the media here so negative? Why are we in India so embarrassed to recognise our own strengths, our achievements? We are such a great nation. We have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them. Why?
Developing nations want to become developed nations.
Building capacity dissolves differences. It irons out inequalities.
Science is global. Einstein's equation, E=mc2, has to reach everywhere. Science is a beautiful gift to humanity, we should not distort it. Science does not differentiate between multiple races.
Today, India is a nuclear weapons state.
When I took over as president, I studied the Constitution, and the more I studied it, the more I realised that it does not prevent the president of India from giving the nation a vision. So when I went and presented this vision in Parliament and in legislative assemblies; everyone welcomed it, irrespective of party affiliations.
My view is that at a younger age your optimism is more and you have more imagination etc. You have less bias.
India has to be transformed into a developed nation, a prosperous nation and a healthy nation, with a value system.
Over the years, I had nurtured the hope to be able to fly; to handle a machine as it rose higher and higher in the stratosphere was my dearest dream.
The President's post should not be politicised. Once a president is elected, he is above politics.
A teacher should have a creative mind.
We should remember that there are nations which meet more than 30 to 60% of their power requirements through the nuclear power system.
I have met 18 million youth, and each wants to be unique.
Medical costs are of concern, both in developing and developed countries.
There is not enough funding for basic sciences in India. We have to invest in a big way, and I am pushing that idea.
One of the more difficult tasks for me as president was to decide on the issue of confirming capital punishment awarded by courts... to my surprise... almost all cases which were pending had a social and economic bias.
All the scientists and technologists should work in appropriate region, specifically the rural technologies, to transform Indian rural sector.
All wars signify the failure of conflict resolution mechanisms, and they need post-war rebuilding of faith, trust and confidence.
I'm not an expert on the arms race.
Unless India stands up to the world, no one will respect us. In this world, fear has no place. Only strength respects strength.
For 2,500 years, India has never invaded anybody.
What is politics? Political system is equal to development politics plus political politics.
New markets could be created by rural potentials, which could lead to rise in the employment.
We have not invaded anyone. We have not conquered anyone. We have not grabbed their land, their culture, their history and tried to enforce our way of life on them.
An economically peaceful and prosperous Sri Lanka is the dream of youth of the nation. My message for the youth is to collectively work for an inclusively developed Sri Lanka.
The Bay of Bengal is hit frequently by cyclones. The months of November and May, in particular, are dangerous in this regard.
India's trade deficit is because of excess of import over exports.
For success of any mission, it is necessary to have creative leadership. Creative leadership is vital for government, non-governmental organisations as well as for industries.
Widespread use of antibiotics promotes the spread of antibiotic resistance. Smart use of antibiotics is the key to controlling its spread.
I firmly believe that unless one has tasted the bitter pill of failure, one cannot aspire enough for success.
God is everywhere.
The wealth of information now available at the click of a finger amazes me.
We must think and act like a nation of a billion people and not like that of a million people. Dream, dream, dream!
I was a disadvantaged child from a non-educated family, yet I had the advantage of being in the company of great teachers.
Nations consist of people. And with their effort, a nation can accomplish all it could ever want.
When grand plans for scientific and defence technologies are made, do the people in power think about the sacrifices the people in the laboratories and fields have to make?
The world has today 546 nuclear plants generating electricity. Their experience is being continuously researched, and feedback should be provided to all. Nuclear scientists have to interact with the people of the nation, and academic institutions continuously update nuclear power generation technology and safety.
My 2020 Vision for India is to transform it into a developed nation. That cannot be abstract; it is a lifeline.
Writing is my love. If you love something, you find a lot of time. I write for two hours a day, usually starting at midnight; at times, I start at 11.
Every nation has to follow a certain policy: Commercial, trade, various other types of policies.
There are a number of women who have brought about immense change in society.
Today, India consumes about 682 watts per capita, far lesser than developed nations. As India develops, it will definitely require a lot more energy.
I was in high school when Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru unfurled India's flag in New Delhi.
It means, people who are in high and responsible positions, if they go against righteousness, righteousness itself will get transformed into a destroyer.
One lesson that every nation can learn from China is to focus more on creating village-level enterprises, quality health services and educational facilities.
When a nation is surrounded by weaponized nations, she has to equip herself.
How accurately can the law fix the crime? There has to be a mechanism for very fast action. The law is like this: catch them and punish them.
We must get rid of fossil fuels by developing injection systems for automobiles, which can run on bio-fuel.
Wherever I go, as long as I get a hot vegetable dish, I am okay. If I am in Gujarat, I have Gujarati food. If it's Shillong, it's northeastern.
The government, whether state or central, is elected. That means we have a responsibility to elect the right kind of leaders.
Measuring nuclear yield depends on multiple parameters - the location and number of instruments, the geology of the area, the location of the seismic station in relation to the test site.
