Statesman
A good person can make another person good; it means that goodness will elicit goodness in the society; other persons will also be good.
When people have compassion, friendship, and unity, they speak and think in a constructive way to ensure national independence and prosperity.
They say that a kingdom is like a pyramid: the king on top and the people below. But in this country, it's upside down.
Nature is something outside our body, but the mind is within us.
If Thai citizens still hold this harmony in their hearts, there is hope that in whatever the situation, Thailand will surely get through it safely and with stability.
There may be some people in the country who forget to perform their duty. You should set an example by doing your job with honesty and faithfulness.
Without unity, the country will face disaster.
We need to inspire and give each other confidence so that the work we do will be fruitful for the well-being of the people and the stability and security of the country.
If they want to write about me in a good way, they should write how I do things that are useful.
We must use the wrath of nature as our teacher.
It is a duty of everyone to cooperate and help each other.
I became inspired while I was listening to music on the radio. I felt the music in my head sounded better, so I turned off the radio and scribbled it down on a piece of paper. I remember that it was in May. People liked that song. They said it was beautiful. I felt overjoyed.
When I was young, we had nothing. The carpets and upholstery in the palace were full of holes. The floors creaked. Everything was so old. Yes, we had a piano, an upright given to us by the Fine Arts Department. But it was out of tune.
I know things, but I shut my mouth. They don't want me to speak, so I don't speak.
Thailand was built on compassion.
People get angry at others who express a different opinion, while, in fact, they should be angry at themselves. But we must be angry at ourselves the most when we say something today, only to say something else tomorrow.
My mother praised me when I did something good, and then the next moment, she would say, 'Don't float.' She put me in a balloon and then pricked it.
Bangkok is a toilet without a flush.
Section 7 of the Constitution doesn't grant a power for the king to do whatever he wishes.
In Thailand's history there have been dissensions from time to time, but in general, unity has prevailed.
My philosophy has been to take things day by day. When I talk about this philosophy, it makes people perhaps a little surprised.
The will to work of everyone in the country is the best guarantee of national survival.
There is an English saying that the king is always happy, or, 'happy as the king' - which is not true at all. But I can be as happy as a king if all of you know what is right and what is wrong and cooperate to fix things.
Everyone must correct his own self; this is something more difficult to cope with, but it is not impossible.
It is true, there are many bad people; there are more of them than in the past, but that is because there are more people, meaning the population has tripled; there must be three times more bad people.
Goodness is something that makes us serene and content; it is magnificent. Those who are not good are evil.
Support each other as is needed to achieve goals for the benefit of the people and the nation's security.
