American,Statesman
People have the right to protest - that's what democracy is all about. I have no problem with people exercising their democratic rights.
The essence of America - that which really unites us - is not ethnicity, or nationality or religion - it is an idea - and what an idea it is: That you can come from humble circumstances and do great things.
There are those who would draw a sharp line between power politics and a principled foreign policy based on values. This polarized view - you are either a realist or devoted to norms and values - may be just fine in academic debate, but it is a disaster for American foreign policy. American values are universal.
The problem here is that there will always be some uncertainty about how quickly Saddam can acquire nuclear weapons. But we don't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud.
I would even say that my parents, and their friends in our community, thought of education as a kind of armor against racism.
We need a common enemy to unite us.
That was a sin: to consider yourself victimized or not able to control your destiny or your fate - that was the one cardinal sin in our community.
When people don't have a hopeful vision before them or the possible resolution of their difficulties by peaceful means, then they can be attracted to violence and to separatism.
You aren't going to be successful as a diplomat if you don't understand the strategic context in which you are actually negotiating. It is not deal making. It's not.
One thing that education can do is it can provide us with an opportunity to understand one another better, and so while I've spent a lot of my time in the world of politics, I've always felt that it is really not politics that will solve this for us.
Today's headlines and history's judgment are rarely the same.
The day has to come when it's not a surprise that a woman has a powerful position.
My father joined our party because the Democrats in Jim Crow Alabama of 1952 would not register him to vote. The Republicans did.
The people of the Middle East share the desire for freedom. We have an opportunity - and an obligation - to help them turn this desire into reality.
We are not race blind. Of course we still have racial tensions in this country. But the United States of America has made enormous progress in race relations, and it is still the best place on Earth to be a minority.
I will never forget the bright September day, standing at my desk in the White House, when my young assistant said that a plane had hit the World Trade Center - and then a second one - and a third, the Pentagon.
Success is not assured, but America is resolute: this is the best chance for peace we are likely to see for some years to come - and we are acting to help Israelis and Palestinians seize this chance.
I've found that in places where women have not really been afforded full rights yet - for instance, in the Middle East - even very conservative politicians in the region will say, 'You know, my daughter would really like to meet you,' or, 'Would you send a note to my granddaughter?'
When you're doing collaborative music, the relationship that forms is a very bonding kind of experience.
After all, when the world looks to America, they look to us because we are the most successful political and economic experiment in human history.
There was no silver bullet that could have prevented the 11 September attacks. There was nothing demonstrating or showing that something was coming in the United States. If there had been something, we would have acted on it.
Some governments choose to cooperate with the United States in intelligence, law enforcement, or military matters. The co-operation is a two-way street. We share intelligence that has helped protect European countries from attack, helping save European lives.
What you know today can affect what you do tomorrow. But what you know today cannot affect what you did yesterday.
I got the chance to be the secretary of state; I'm an international relations specialist. It doesn't get better than that.
When I talk to students - and I still think of myself more than anything as a kind of professor on leave - they say, 'Well, how do I get to do what you do?'... And I say, 'Well, you have to start out by being a failed piano major.' And my point to them is don't try to have a 10-year plan. Find the next thing that interests you and follow that.
Foreign policy simply cannot be judged by today's headlines that chalk up victories and defeats like so many box scores in the sports sections.
I'm saying there is no way that I will do this, because it's really not me. I know my strengths, and governor Romney needs to find someone who wants to run with him. There are many people who will do it very, very well, and I'll support the ticket.
The U.S. has since the end of World War II had an answer - we stand for free peoples and free markets, we are willing to support and defend them - we will sustain a balance of power that favors freedom.
My mom was a teacher - I have the greatest respect for the profession - we need great teachers - not poor or mediocre ones.
I don't see myself in any way in elective office.
Believe it or not, I loved acid rock in college - and I still do.
If you love Russia, you have to love Godunov.
If I'd been a better long-term planner, I'd still be in music, as a musician someplace. So I'll take it one step at a time.
There isn't a doubt that Iran constitutes the single most important single-country strategic challenge to the United States and to the kind of Middle East that we want to see.
Hamas is a little more than an enemy of the United States. Hamas, of course, is a terrorist organization - listed by Europeans as a terrorist organization.
Frankly, as secretary of state, if somebody treats you badly because you're a woman, it's your fault - not theirs.
We were spending American blood and treasure to liberate the people of Afghanistan from one of the most brutal regimes on the face of the earth. That we would not use that moment to press for women's rights seems to me unthinkable.
We will have to stand up for and promote the power and promise of free markets and free peoples, and affirm that American preeminence safeguards rather than impedes global progress.
What has always made our country special is that it doesn't matter where you come from; it matters where you're going. Our job is to make certain the pathways are open to both our boys and our girls.
My parents elected me president of the family when I was 4. We actually had an election every year, and I always won. I'm an only child, and I could count on my mother's vote.
I remember, when I was 6 years old, we were having an event at school where different dolls were on display. I said that the tallest doll needed to be on the end, and my little friend said to me, 'Oh, you're just so bossy.' I remember thinking that wasn't a good thing. But I kept insisting the doll had to be on the end anyway.
I could read music before I could read.
Football is like war. It's about taking territory.
I'm not a politician.
The idea the president of the United States was warned that Al-Qaeda was going to attack the United States and did nothing about it - really? Do you think any president of the United States, if he had even an inkling there was going to be an attack, they wouldn't have moved heaven and earth to try to stop it?
What the United States has done is to be open to people who are fleeing tyranny, who are fleeing danger, but we have done it in a very careful way that has worked for us.
I think my father thought I might be president of the United States. I think he would've been satisfied with secretary of state. I'm a foreign policy person, and to have a chance to serve my country as the nation's chief diplomat at a time of peril and consequence, that was enough.
I am a professor at Stanford; I am a happy professor at Stanford. That's where I'm staying.
I know a lot of very stable gay couples.
I have enormous respect for people who do run for office.
Great powers can't get tired, because the international order is not self-governing.
Let me let you in on a little secret. There is no such thing as an international community. There are self-maximizing, self-interested states that will push their interests as far as possible.
I'm quite content to spend my life helping young people find themselves. I've had my fill of politics.
I'm a very happy university professor... the best thing about being a university professor is that you see young people as they're being shaped and molded toward their own future, and you have a chance to be a part of that.
I think golf can be one of those places where we act and we hope that people act as we would like them to act all the time.
When you're on a golf course, a couple of things are very interesting. No matter who you're with and who you're playing with, people want each other to do well.
I would like to attract more minorities into the game. But it's extremely important that this golf look like - that golf look like America.
I wish someone had put a golf club in my hands, not skates on my feet. It is a really great game for business. It's a great game for making connections.
I think there are still unanswered questions about Benghazi. I think there are unanswered questions, and they could be easily answered. But I think they need to be answered.
We can have a new vision, one even greater than the system they gave us after World War II. Everyone can pursue happiness and freedom and peace.
I believe that while race-neutral means are preferable, it is appropriate to use race as one factor among others in achieving a diverse student body.
I am very fond of Jeb Bush. He's a friend; he was a terrific governor of Florida. I worked with him on some immigration and education issues.
We can't afford to leave Afghanistan to the Taliban and the terrorists.
I've been in enough positions to respect people with different views.
You go to war when there is a security threat, and Saddam Hussein was seen as a threat to our interests and our security.
My dad was not someone who you would strike with a billy club and he wouldn't strike back. It just wasn't in him.
I'm actually - believe it or not, for an academic - an aural learner.
If it is not possible for me to go somewhere and to be willing to encounter people with different views, then I'm really not doing my job.
