American,Statesman
There is always room at the top.
Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of man. When tillage begins, other arts will follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of civilization.
When tillage begins, other arts follow. The farmers, therefore, are the founders of human civilization.
One country, one constitution, one destiny.
How little do they see what really is, who frame their hasty judgment upon that which seems.
God grants liberty only to those who love it, and are always ready to guard and defend it.
I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned.
I was born an American; I will live an American; I shall die an American.
Keep cool; anger is not an argument.
Falsehoods not only disagree with truths, but usually quarrel among themselves.
We have been taught to regard a representative of the people as a sentinel on the watch-tower of liberty.
Liberty exists in proportion to wholesome restraint.
On the diffusion of education among the people rest the preservation and perpetuation of our free institutions.
Let it be borne on the flag under which we rally in every exigency, that we have one country, one constitution, one destiny.
There is no refuge from confession but suicide; and suicide is confession.
A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures.
Whatever makes men good Christians, makes them good citizens.
It is my living sentiment, and by the blessing of God it shall be my dying sentiment, independence now and independence forever.
Liberty and Union, now and forever, one and inseparable.
The people's government, made for the people, made by the people, and answerable to the people.
Man is a special being, and if left to himself, in an isolated condition, would be one of the weakest creatures; but associated with his kind, he works wonders.
The materials of wealth are in the earth, in the seas, and in their natural and unaided productions.
What a man does for others, not what they do for him, gives him immortality.
There is nothing so powerful as truth, and often nothing so strange.
The most important thought that ever occupied my mind is that of my individual responsibility to God.
The contest for ages has been to rescue liberty from the grasp of executive power.
