Statesman
A revolution is a struggle to the death between the future and the past.
Something must be done to save humanity! A better world is possible!
They talk about the failure of socialism but where is the success of capitalism in Africa, Asia and Latin America?
A revolution is not a bed of roses.
I find capitalism repugnant. It is filthy, it is gross, it is alienating... because it causes war, hypocrisy and competition.
Men do not shape destiny, Destiny produces the man for the hour.
The revolution is a dictatorship of the exploited against the exploiters.
Christ didn't choose the rich to preach the doctrine; he choose 12 poor ignorant workers - that is, he chose the proletariat of the times.
Sorry, I'm still a dialectical materialist.
North Americans don't understand... that our country is not just Cuba; our country is also humanity.
I began revolution with 82 men. If I had to do it again, I do it with 10 or 15 and absolute faith. It does not matter how small you are if you have faith and plan of action.
If you calculate 15 minutes a day to shave, that is 5,000 minutes a year spent shaving.
The people respect and believe in men who fulfill their duty.
Soon, I'll be like all the others. The time will come for all of us, but the ideas of the Cuban Communists will remain.
The fact is, when men carry the same ideals in their hearts, nothing can isolate them - neither prison walls nor the sod of cemeteries. For a single memory, a single spirit, a single idea, a single conscience, a single dignity will sustain them all.
The people of Egypt are an intelligent people with a glorious history who left their mark on civilization.
Condemn me. It does not matter. History will absolve me.
Reactionaries often describe both Marx and Lenin as theorists, without taking into consideration that their utopias inspired Russia and China - the two countries called upon to lead a new world which will allow for human survival if imperialism does not first unleash a criminal, exterminating war.
I am Fidel Castro and we have come to liberate Cuba.
The revenues of Cuban state-run companies are used exclusively for the benefit of the people, to whom they belong.
The equal right of all citizens to health, education, work, food, security, culture, science, and wellbeing - that is, the same rights we proclaimed when we began our struggle, in addition to those which emerge from our dreams of justice and equality for all inhabitants of our world - is what I wish for all.
The Arab population of Palestine are victims of genocidal actions; their lands are confiscated or deprived of water supplies in the semi-desert areas, and their homes are destroyed with heavy wrecking equipment.
Nothing in the world is irreversible, not even capitalism.
I am not a communist and neither is the revolutionary movement.
At times, I've referred to Christ's miracles, and have said, 'Well, Christ multiplied the fish and the loaves to feed the people. That is precisely what we want to do with the Revolution and socialism.'
Never have we stolen the intelligences of other peoples. On the contrary, in Cuba we have trained tens of thousands of doctors and other top-level professionals, for free, in order to send them back to their own countries.
Chinese combatants, men and women, inheritors of a millennial culture, are people of uncommon intelligence and an invincible spirit of struggle.
Born to a tribal Bedouin family of nomadic desert shepherds in the region of Tripoli, Gaddafi was profoundly anti-colonialist. It is affirmed that his paternal grandfather died fighting against the Italian invaders when Libya was invaded by them in 1911.
It doesn't sound too good to say I am the son of a landowner, so let us rather say I am the grandson of exploited Galician peasants.
Venezuela, given its extraordinary educational, cultural, and social developments, and its vast energy and natural resources, is called on to become a revolutionary model for the world.
I am a Marxist Leninist and I will be one until the last day of my life.
The Soviet Union, the socialist camp, the People's Republic of China, and North Korea helped us resist, with essential supplies and weapons, the implacable blockade of the United States, the most powerful empire ever to exist.
Following the missile crisis, detente started to gain ground between the United States and the Soviet Union, so the international political climate improved after that.
In my next incarnation, I want to be a writer.
The prestige of the international financial institutions rates less than zero.
No one even knows one percent of the fabulous history of Man; but thanks to history, we know about occurrences that go beyond the limits of the imaginable.
The death of Abdel Nasser on September 28, 1970, was an irreversible setback for Egypt.
You may agree or not with Gaddafi's political ideas, but no one has the right to question the existence of Libya as an independent state and member of the United Nations.
Experience acquired in the heroic battle against Batista's tyranny showed that the enemy, no matter what his strength, could not defeat the Cuban people.
I don't think anyone has been slandered more than the Jews.
I can assure you that my first and foremost interest is my country.
How can we help President Obama?
The universities are available only to those who share my revolutionary beliefs.
No thieves, no traitors, no interventionists! This time the revolution is for real!
Nature teaches us that tens of billions of light years may have passed, and life in all of its expressions has always been subjected to an incredible combination of matter and radiation.
I will never retire from politics, the revolution, or the ideas I have.
Cynicism is something which has become symbolic of imperial policy.
The squandering of oil and gas is associated with one of the greatest tragedies, not in the least resolved, which is suffered by humankind: climate change.
I was born in a territory called Biran, in the eastern region of Cuba. It's known by that name, although it has never appeared on a map.
Senator McCain is Israel's most unconditional ally in Mossad's machinations, something that even his worst adversaries would have been able to imagine. McCain participated alongside this secret service in the creation of the Islamic State, which has appropriated a considerable part of Iraq as well as a third of Syria, according to its affirmations.
England was the first true colonial power to use its dominion over a large part of Africa, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, North America, and many Caribbean islands, in the first half of the 20th century.
The human being is a strange mixture of blind instinct, on one hand, and conscience, on the other.
Capitalism is using its money; we socialists throw it away.
I think that a man should not live beyond the age when he begins to deteriorate, when the flame that lighted the brightest moment of his life has weakened.
I would not vote for the mayor. It's not just because he didn't invite me to dinner, but because on my way into town from the airport there were such enormous potholes.
I neither will aspire to nor will I accept, the position of president of the council of state and commander in chief.
There is nothing that compares to the Holocaust.
Some time ago, the United States was an English colony. If an Englishman were asked if the United States would be independent, he would have said no, that it would always be an English colony.
I don't think it is so difficult to solve the problems between Cuba and the United States; it all depends on whether there is a dialogue, a discussion, or if the prejudices and hatred of people like the extremists and terrorists from the Cuban community, who try to impose their policies, prevail.
I believe Karl Marx could have subscribed to the Sermon on the Mount.
Our position is that we do not accept conditions of any kind which may affect the independence and sovereignty of our country just with the view to solve economic problems existing between the United States and Cuba.
We are proud of the history of our country; we learned it in school and have grown up hearing of freedom, justice and human rights.
Homeland or death! Socialism or death! We shall overcome!
I am a just man.
The existing world economic order constitutes a system of plundering and exploitation like no other in history. Thus, the peoples believe less and less in statements and promises.
On one occasion, I accompanied my father to Pinares de Mayari. I was eight or nine years old. How he enjoyed talking when he left the house in Biran! There he was the proprietor of the land where sugar cane, pasture, and other agricultural crops were planted.
I almost laughed about the Machiavellian plans of the presidents of the United States.
At the age of 6, a teacher full of ambitions, who taught in the small public school of Biran, convinced my family that I should travel to Santiago de Cuba to accompany my older sister who would enter a highly prestigious convent school. Including me was a skill of that very teacher from the little school in Biran.
Without a tutor to help me in the study of Marxism-Leninism, I was no more than a theorist and, of course, had total confidence in the Soviet Union.
To our brothers in Latin America and the world, we must convey that the Cuban people will overcome.
None of us is designed for the role we must assume in a revolutionary society, although Cubans had the privilege of Jose Marti's example.
Defending peace is the duty of all.
Any negotiated, peaceful solution to the problems between the United States and peoples, or any people of Latin America, which does not imply force or the use of force, must be addressed in accordance with international principles and norms.
Cuba never had advisors in Vietnam. The military there knew very well how to conduct their war.
General Giap was one of the most brilliant military strategists of our era, who in Dien Bien Phu was able to place missile launchers in remote, mountainous jungles, something the yankee and European military officers considered impossible.
Twenty-six million Russians died in the defense of their homeland against the Nazis.
Xi Jinping is one of the strongest and most capable revolutionary leaders I have met in my life.
We are political animals, as, not without reason, affirmed Aristotle, who perhaps influenced humanity's thinking more than any other ancient philosopher through his almost 200 treatises, according to reports, of which only 31 have been preserved.
No political event can be judged outside of the era and the circumstances in which it took place.
Our Revolution emerged where it was least expected by the empire, in a hemisphere where it was used to acting like an all-powerful master.
Cuba came to be the last country to get rid of Spanish colonialism and the first to shake off the heinous imperialist tutelage.
For revolutionary Cubans, to cooperate with other poor and exploited peoples has always been a political principle and a duty towards humanity.
Marx and Engels never talked about murdering the bourgeois. According to the old bourgeois concept, the judges were the ones who judged, and the executioners were the ones who executed.
Even in the United States, the enslavement of African descendants continued until the presidency of Abraham Lincoln. That brutal form of slavery was abolished there hardly thirty years before it was abolished in Cuba.
During the second half of the twentieth century, I had the privilege of living through years of intensive erudition, and I realized that Canadians, located in the northernmost region of this hemisphere, were always respectful towards our country.
NATO's brutal military alliance has become the most perfidious instrument of repression known in the history of humankind.
Chavez, who came out of the ranks of the Venezuelan Army, is methodical and tireless. I have observed him over the course of 17 years, since his first visit to Cuba. He is an extremely humanitarian and law-abiding person; he has never taken revenge on anybody.
Many things shall change in Cuba, but they shall change because of our efforts and despite the United States. Perhaps that empire shall crumble first.
The unyielding resistance of the Cuban patriots is symbolized by our 5 Heroes. They shall never back down! They shall never surrender!
Every citizen has the real right to receive general education and professional training at no cost, something that the United States has not been able to ensure for all its inhabitants.
As we know, while our species remains alive, everybody has the sacred duty to be optimistic. Ethically, any other behaviour wouldn't be admissible.
The United States never stopped conspiring against the Arab world, which holds the largest oil reserves on the planet.
Mubarak was oppressing and pillaging his own people. He was an enemy to the Palestinians and an accomplice of Israel, the sixth nuclear power on the planet, associated with the war-mongering NATO group.
The United States is supplying the most modern and sophisticated weaponry to Israel to the tune of billions of dollars every year.
Peoples do not defy repression and death, nor do they remain for nights on end protesting energetically, just because of merely formal matters.
Oil has become the principal wealth in the hands of the great Yankee transnationals; through this energy source, they had an instrument that considerably expanded their political power in the world.
When at just 27 years old, Qaddafi, colonel in the Libyan army, inspired by his Egyptian colleague Abdel Nasser, overthrew King Idris I in 1969, he applied important revolutionary measures such as agrarian reform and the nationalization of oil.
The last time I visited Qaddafi was in May of 2001, 15 years after Reagan attacked his rather modest residence where he took me to show me how it had been left.
The traditional stand adopted by the Cuban Revolution, which was always opposed to any action that could jeopardize the life of civilians, is well known.
Although we resolutely supported the armed struggle against Batista's tyranny, we were, on principle, opposed to any terrorist action that could cause the death of innocent people.
The world has not yet reached the point which, in my view, is an essential condition for the survival of our human species: access by all the peoples to the material resources of this planet.
I see Libya as a member of the Non-Aligned Movement and a sovereign State of the nearly 200 members of the United Nations.
When the Revolution triumphed in 1959, our island was a true Yankee colony. The United States had duped and disarmed our Liberation Army. One couldn't speak of developed agriculture, but of immense plantations exploited on the base of manual and animal labour that in general used neither fertilizers nor machinery.
The U.S.S.R. had absolutely nothing to do with the triumph of the Cuban Revolution.
The Revolution did not assume a socialist nature because of support from the U.S.S.R.; it was the other way around: support from the U.S.S.R. was produced by the socialist nature of the Cuban Revolution. To such a degree, that when the U.S.S.R. disappears, Cuba keeps on being socialist.
