American,Statesman
Negotiation is not a policy. It's a technique. It's something you use when it's to your advantage, and something that you don't use when it's not to your advantage.
There's no such thing as the United Nations. If the U.N. secretary building in New York lost 10 stories, it wouldn't make a bit of difference.
Reform is not a one-night stand.
It's not natural disasters that are to blame for the deprivation of the North Korean people, but the failed policies of Kim Jong Il.
Just as the Security Council was largely irrelevant to the great struggle of the last half of the twentieth century - freedom against Communism - so too it is largely on the sidelines in our contemporary struggles against international terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
I'm obviously aware that people are quite focused on the economy rather than foreign policy issues, but that is something that should and can be altered as people see the nature of the threats around the world that we face.
Well, you could take several stories off the buildings of most U.S. government agencies and we'd all probably be better for it too.
North Korea is going to get away with keeping its nuclear weapons.
There is no such thing as the United Nations.
My priority is to give the United States the kind of influence it should have.
There is no patriotic obligation to help advance the career of a politician who is otherwise pursuing interests that are fundamentally antithetical to your values. That's not the call of patriotism.
We estimate that once Iraq acquires fissile material - whether from a foreign source or by securing the materials to build an indigenous fissile material capability - it could fabricate a nuclear weapon within one year.
Diplomacy is not an end in itself if it does not advance U.S. interests.
I don't do carrots.
I haven't given up on the possibility that sweet reason will prevail.
In the United States, there is a broadly shared view that the U.N. is one of many potential instruments to advance U.S. issues, and we have to decide whether a particular issue is best done through the U.N. or best done through some other mechanism.
The U.N. is one of many competitors in a marketplace of global problem solving.
Everybody pursues their national interests. The only one who gets blamed for it is the United States.
A lot of people have said to me, 'That's a great idea, running for president. You'll get booked for more speeches. You can write a book.'
I don't think I would have to run a campaign that's financed like General Motors.
You don't need to spend tens of millions of dollars on political consultants to tell you what you think when you already know what you think.
I don't think Hamas will be satisfied simply ruling the Gaza Strip.
There's no doubt that Iran funds and supplies Hamas with weapons.
Obviously, you make preparations before you engage in any meeting.
I've been in the government bureaucracy, I've practiced law, I've done a lot of different things.
I think that, especially among conservatives, there's a clear understanding that there are three legs to the conservative stool. There are the free-market economics conservatives, the social conservatives, and the national-security conservatives.
Every country has an aspect to it that rubs up people the wrong way.
I am not a professional politician.
My philosophy is not a bean-counting, accounting 'look at this.' It is a philosophy that smaller government is better government, and government that is closer to the people is best of all.
I would not run as a one-issue candidate. Anybody who does that is declaring himself to be marginal.
I think that Ronald Reagan had it right, being against abortion except in certain limited, defined circumstances.
People don't like to talk about victory and defeat anymore.
There is no excuse for waste, fraud, and abuse in the Defense Department budget.
