Statesman
I support the view that free trade in goods and services is a win-win situation. I'm not so convinced that free flows of capital without restriction is a win-win situation.
I always tried to be correct, not politically correct.
If you deprive yourself of outsourcing and your competitors do not, you're putting yourself out of business.
The original communitarianism of Chinese Confucian society has degenerated into nepotism, a system of family linkages, and corruption, on the mainland. And remnants of the evils of the original system are still found in Taiwan, Hong Kong, and even Singapore.
China is not going to become a liberal democracy; if it did, it would collapse. I do not believe you can impose on other countries standards which are alien and totally disconnected with their past.
The problem is to keep the monkey mind from running off into all kinds of thoughts.
You need a certain standard of literacy, moral and ethical values, to be able to run a one man, one vote system.
The ultimate test of the value of a political system is whether it helps that society to establish conditions which improve the standard of living for the majority of its people.
Freedom of the news media must be subordinated to the overriding needs of Singapore, and to the primacy of purpose of an elected government.
How do I comfort myself? Well, I say, 'Life is just like that.'
I've got one grandson gone to MIT. Another grandson had been in the American school here. Because he was dyslexic, and we then didn't have the teachers to teach him how to overcome or cope with his dyslexia, so he was given exemption to go to the American school. He speaks like an American. He's going to Wharton.
The exuberance of democracy leads to undisciplined and disorderly conditions which are inimical to development.
You either use the Internet or you are backward.
I would not score very highly on religious value.
If Singapore is a nanny state, then I am proud to have fostered one.
I had some very powerful minds working with me.
I know if I rest, I'll slide downhill fast.
Well if done a lot of hard work to try and get people to act rationally, the fact that weve had 15 deviant Muslims, plus 5 or 8 others that got away does not mean that all Muslims are deviant or extremists.
Countries that are agricultural can, at a low standard of living, sustain themselves. You can be self-sufficient; the money economy is a relatively insignificant part of the total economy. Singapore never was an agricultural country.
Let the historians and the Ph.D. students work out their doctrines. I'm not interested in theories per se.
Peace and security both in Europe and in the Pacific still depend on a balance of power.
If you are going to lower me into the grave, and I feel something is wrong, I will get up.
The enduring lesson is war is a disaster. Whoever wins, tremendous loss of life, property - a set back for civilisation.
The difficult part was getting the people to change their habits so that they behaved more like first world citizens, not like third world citizens spitting and littering all over the place.
I'm not guided by what Human Rights Watch says.
From 1945 to 1991, China was engaged in a series of wars that nearly broke them. This generation has been through hell: the Great Leap Forward, hunger, starvation, near collision with the Russians - the Cultural Revolution gone mad. I have no doubt that this generation wants a peaceful rise.
Latecomers to industrial development have had to catch up by finding ways of closing the gap.
The values that East Asian culture upholds, such as the primacy of group interests over individual interests, support the total group effort necessary to develop rapidly.
I can feel the gradual decline of energy and vitality. And I mean generally, every year, when you know you are not on the same level as last year. But that's life.
