Argentinian,Statesman
There is more that unites us than divides us.
Fortunately, we Argentines have decided to change. We believe politics needs to be led by public servants with a vocation to give and construct.
The only situation that I can't be in favour of is the lack of respect to human rights in Venezuela.
The state is going to be present where it has to be for every Argentine, especially for the neediest of us.
Argentina is ready to take its place. Its a big country with a lot of talent.
Venezuela's government must work toward achieving a true culture of democracy for our region. There's no room for persecution based on ideological reasons or for thinking differently.
We need to build an Argentina with zero poverty.
I'm focused on giving Argentinians better opportunities.
Argentines have billions of pesos overseas because they didn't trust in the state.
Argentina has decided to take its place in the global landscape. We need important companies of the world to finance and construct roads, ports, waterways, energy, trains. We're a huge country that only depends on trucks today. It's impossible.
The world is under siege, in conflict, but it is enthusiastic about Argentina.
All transitions are hard. We took over a country beaten down by lies and corruption.
Let's learn to consume the least amount of energy possible.
I don't believe in populism.
You either respect people's liberties, or you don't.
I'm obsessed about lifting the greatest number of Argentines possible out of poverty as quickly as possible.
I have obeyed the law. I have nothing to hide.
There can be no activist judges from any political party.
The Argentine government is convinced of Mrs. Malcorra's conditions and capacities that will allow her to amply carry out the functions of the role of Secretary General of the United Nations.
Argentina wants to have good ties with the entire world.
Israeli suffering has to be understood.
I'm a great singer.
Dancing is like - it's another way of communicating, no?
If you have a problem, you have to recognize it and solve it.
I have the luck to choose what to do in my life.
If we Argentines dare to unite, we will be unstoppable.
