Statesman
Political leaders still think things can be done through force, but that cannot solve terrorism. Backwardness is the breeding ground of terror, and that is what we have to fight.
Sometimes it's difficult to accept, to recognise one's own mistakes, but one must do it. I was guilty of overconfidence and arrogance, and I was punished for that.
What we need is Star Peace and not Star Wars.
Sometimes people ask me why I began perestroika. Were the causes basically domestic or foreign? The domestic reasons were undoubtedly the main ones, but the danger of nuclear war was so serious that it was a no less significant factor.
We could only solve our problems by cooperating with other countries. It would have been paradoxical not to cooperate. And therefore we needed to put an end to the Iron Curtain, to change the nature of international relations, to rid them of ideological confrontation, and particularly to end the arms race.
The world will not accept dictatorship or domination.
A society should never become like a pond with stagnant water, without movement. That's the most important thing.
I am a Communist, a convinced Communist! For some that may be a fantasy. But to me it is my main goal.
It is better to discuss things, to argue and engage in polemics than make perfidious plans of mutual destruction.
If not me, who? And if not now, when?
Sometimes when you stand face to face with someone, you cannot see his face.
My life's work has been accomplished. I did all that I could.
The soviet people want full-blooded and unconditional democracy.
America must be the teacher of democracy, not the advertiser of the consumer society. It is unrealistic for the rest of the world to reach the American living standard.
I believe, as Lenin said, that this revolutionary chaos may yet crystallize into new forms of life.
It would be naive to think that the problems plaguing mankind today can be solved with means and methods which were applied or seemed to work in the past.
Imagine a country that flies into space, launches Sputniks, creates such a defense system, and it can't resolve the problem of women's pantyhose. There's no toothpaste, no soap powder, not the basic necessities of life. It was incredible and humiliating to work in such a government.
Every country should conduct its own reforms, should develop its own model, taking into account the experience of other countries, whether close neighbours or far away countries.
I paid too heavy a price for perestroika.
I think God has some mechanism that he uses to punish those that make mistakes.
You cannot put Russia down on its knees and hold it there because Russia will ultimately pull out.
Without perestroika, the cold war simply would not have ended. But the world could not continue developing as it had, with the stark menace of nuclear war ever present.
Ex-Presidents of the United States get state subsidies. Not so in Russia. You get no government support.
There should be competition and exchanges between different countries, but there are certainly certain universal values, and that is freedom and democracy.
Certain people in the United States are driving nails into this structure of our relationship, then cutting off the heads. So the Soviets must use their teeth to pull them out.
If people don't like Marxism, they should blame the British Museum.
