Russian,Statesman
If you live among wolves you have to act like a wolf.
I once said, 'We will bury you,' and I got into trouble with it. Of course we will not bury you with a shovel. Your own working class will bury you.
The press is our chief ideological weapon.
Whether you like it or not, history is on our side. We will bury you!
Politicians are the same all over. They promise to build bridges even when there are no rivers.
The purpose of the United Nations should be to protect the essential sovereignty of nations, large and small.
If you live among dogs, keep a stick. After all, this is what a hound has teeth for-to bite when he feels like it!
Even now we feel that Stalin was devoted to Communism, he was a Marxist, this cannot and should not be denied.
Do you think when two representatives holding diametrically opposing views get together and shake hands, the contradictions between our systems will simply melt away? What kind of a daydream is that?
If one cannot catch a bird of paradise, better take a wet hen.
Bombs do not choose. They will hit everything.
The more bombers, the less room for doves of peace.
What innocence, may I ask, is being played here when it is known that this virtuous damsel has already got a dozen illegitimate children?
But life is a great school. It thrashes and bangs and teaches you.
When you are skinning your customers, you should leave some skin on to heal, so that you can skin them again.
Call it what you will, incentives are what get people to work harder.
Support by United States rulers is rather in the nature of the support that the rope gives to a hanged man.
If you start throwing hedgehogs under me, I shall throw a couple of porcupines under you.
Economics is a subject that does not greatly respect one's wishes.
He who cannot eat horsemeat need not do so. Let him eat pork. But he who cannot eat pork, let him eat horsemeat. It's simply a question of taste.
If you cannot catch a bird of paradise, better take a wet hen.
When it comes to combating imperialism we are all Stalinists.
We say the name of God, but that is only habit.
Don't you have a machine that puts food into the mouth and pushes it down?
I want to talk to these people because they stay in power and you change all the time.
What the scientists have in their briefcases is terrifying.
