Brazilian,Designer
When a sketch comes into this three-dimensional form and everybody contributes, it's really fantastic.
Brazil is not what you see but what you feel. Once you spend time here - a week, two weeks - you get in the vibe. It's really intoxicating.
Milan, for me, is a city of discovery. You can find some amazing gardens behind some great houses; I also love finding beautiful galleries and incredible shops, but you have to explore. And the food is amazing.
I'm not an artist. I'm a fashion designer of clothes.
Each season I strive to design a forward-thinking and effortless collection with a very clean minimalist aesthetic.
My parents had a factory, so I was linked to the textile and fashion industry.
All the Tauruses I know have this connection to the earth and the environment. We are very curious people, very loyal, very aware of and respectful of our surroundings. Also, we're stubborn, but that's our way. We understand what we want, which is not bad.
I'm inspired by many things, from landscapes to textiles. Art and architecture always influence my design process.
I'm so not interested in gossip. It just gives me the creeps. I love the work; I love what I do. If somebody sends me an interview that has any connotation of something that's not interesting or genuine, I'm not interested. I really detach myself from it.
I do go back to Brazil once a year. I miss my family.
I don't love reading so much, but I love book shopping.
I hate to sound esoteric, but there is something about a house that leads you to that one chair, that one corner, where you just sit and feel comfortable.
Right after high school, I moved to Rio and took classes to become a technician for a manufacturing factory where you had to figure out how to produce 3,000 pairs of jeans. But in Rio, I was by myself, which was very liberating, being so young. I got to do my own thing.
I wonder if I would have been less organic of a designer without my background. Maybe I would be more academic about designing, more methodical. I want things to be a certain way, and I'm very precise, but school itself wasn't that relevant for me.
My mom, she was unbelievable. She ran the whole town. She was like the mayor. There would be 15 people eating at our lunch table. She'd drag people from the street.
I came to New York when I was 21, 22. I couldn't speak English. I knew I wanted to go to fashion school.
I wanted to be involved with fashion, though I didn't know what being a designer meant.
I hope the average woman feels she needs practicality but with a little bit of fantasy. Otherwise, it's just not fashion.
I never liked sleeping; I always think I am missing something.
I drape a lot. I cut. I have to touch. For me, it's almost impossible to start without that.
I just hate people who are lazy. To be on my team, you have to have energy and a sense of wanting to learn. That really excites me.
I have no tolerance for boredom. I spend so many hours in the office, and I still love it.
I get so much inspiration from my travels, but I also started an exercise where I write down so many words every week. Then I begin crossing them off. We create a grid of words and also images, but words for me are more ample because you can interpret them your own way.
I don't listen to music when designing. We create in silence. I go through a torturous process because everything has to be precise and right.
People don't really go to museums in Rio. I shouldn't say it's not sophisticated, but, you know, they go to the beach.
Rio was a period of my life, and then, poof, I'm gone. I was very young living here, just kind of floating. New York was a foundation for everything I do today. Rio was the bridge.
