Brazilian,Architect
Humanity needs dreams to be able to survive the miseries of daily existence, even if only for an instant.
Right angles don't attract me. Nor straight, hard and inflexible lines created by man.
Form follows beauty.
For me beauty is valued more than anything - the beauty that is manifest in a curved line or in an act of creativity.
Architecture is my work, and I've spent my whole life at a drawing board, but life is more important than architecture. What matters is to improve human beings.
Architecture will always express the technical and social progress of the country in which it is carried out. If we wish to give it the human content that it lacks, we must participate in the political struggle.
Curves are the essence of my work because they are the essence of Brazil, pure and simple.
Surprise is key in all art.
The challenge of a cathedral is very good for architectural inventiveness.
The artistic capability of reinforced concrete is so fantastic - that is the way to go.
It is not with architecture that one can disseminate any political ideology.
There is no reason to design buildings that are more basic and rectilinear, because with concrete you can cover almost any space.
I search for surprise in my architecture. A work of art should cause the emotion of newness.
My work is not about 'form follows function,' but 'form follows beauty' or, even better, 'form follows feminine.'
I am a Brazilian before I am an architect. I cannot separate the two.
Architecture is invention.
Sometimes I lose a whole morning waiting on journalists and other people who look for me. But I always find some time for reading, talking to my friends and feeling what is happening in this world.
I enter my studio at 9 a.m. I have lunch here, I return right away to my work and I go out to dinner at 8 p.m. My daily tasks vary very much.
It was the drawing that led me to architecture, the search for light and astonishing forms.
I think of myself as no more than 60. What I could do at 60, I can still do now.
When I was very little my mother said I used to draw in the air with my fingers. I needed a pencil. Once I could hold one, I have drawn every day since.
I pick up my pen. It flows. A building appears. There it is. There is nothing more to say.
Of course, I have given my engineers some headaches over the years, but they go with me. I have always wanted my buildings to be as light as possible, to touch the ground gently, to swoop and soar, and to surprise.
When students leave college, they are like children who know nothing about the problems of life, and don't have a political stance.
I like talking to priests, to Catholics. Everyone has their beliefs.
