American,Musician
I'm fiercely independent, but I'm also terrified of being alone.
I don't date my girlfriend because she's a model. I date her because I love her.
Nobody has it all, but for me to even come close is amazing.
Yoga carves you into a different person - and that is satisfying physically.
'The Voice' is built on positivity. Once we started filming, I knew that America was really going to love it.
And I think I have a distinct voice.
It's sweet that I don't have to do my laundry.
Before I go on stage I pretend that everyone loves me.
I don't think any relationship responds well to pressure.
I'm intelligent enough to survive happily and be compassionate. If I were too smart, I would realize all the ills of the world.
Playing a show before thousands of people is a highly unnatural state and when I get on the mat to do an hour of yoga before the show, I come out physically relaxed.
I have a high self-opinion - I don't need to hide that. I don't need to be self-deprecating.
I've always felt a little misrepresented in the world.
Nothing wrong with making money.
Yoga takes what you have and molds and sculpts it, which is a much more natural way to look and feel.
Peer pressure plays a huge role in people's desire to get married.
In real life, I am emotionally confused, which enables me to write songs. I'm a Pisces, and they say that Pisces are very sensitive. If men were just honest with themselves, they would see that they all have that side.
I love music videos, I really do. I think it's kind of sad that it's a dying art form.
I don't know if it's possible to live the rock 'n roll lifestyle and still be romantic.
Seriously, 'Honey Boo Boo' is the decay of Western civilization. Just because so many people watch the show doesn't mean it's good.
I never got down with conveying a larger-than-life vibe.
People see you on TV every day, they start knowing your name. You know, I was always just the guy from Maroon 5 until I became myself.
Stevie Wonder is just one of those guys that completely delivers everything that you want to be true about Stevie Wonder. He's an amazing human being, and the fairytale exists with that man.
Let's face it, I only practice yoga because the classes are always packed with beautiful women.
I'm extremely fascinated by marriage. I want to study marriage. I want to learn about it. I want to know it. I want to figure out whether or not I want to do it. I'm not just going to leap into it, because that's not good for anybody.
Furnishing a home is no different than going into the studio and making music. You want to make sure you've pared down all the extra details so that in the end, every stitch has a context uniquely yours.
