English,Musician
My life is full of drama, and I don't have time to worry about something as petty as what I look like.
Heartbreak can definitely give you a deeper sensibility for writing songs. I drew on a lot of heartbreak when I was writing my first album, I didn't mean to but I just did.
My voice went recently, never happened before, off like a tap. I had to sit in silence for nine days, chalkboard around my neck. Like an old-school mime. Like a kid in the naughty corner. Like a Victorian mute.
I wanted to be a singer forever. But it's not really my cup of tea. Having the whole world know who you are.
I've never been more normal than I am now.
I don't make music for eyes. I make music for ears.
I'm really happy to be me, and I'd like to think people like me more because I'm happy with myself and not because I refuse to conform to anything.
Sometimes my songs wander off a bit and are not always coherent.
I have insecurities of course, but I don't hang out with anyone who points them out to me.
I'm scared of audiences. One show in Amsterdam I was so nervous, I escaped out the fire exit. I've thrown up a couple of times. Once in Brussels, I projectile vomited on someone. I just gotta bear it. But I don't like touring. I have anxiety attacks a lot.
You have to prioritize what you stress about when you have a child.
I don't write songs about a specific, elusive thing. I write about love, and everyone knows what it is like to have your heart broken.
In five years' time I'd like to be a mum. I want to settle down and have a family, definitely sooner rather than later. I'd like to have finished my second album too, maybe even my third. I'd like a sound that sticks around that other people are inspired by and that people know is me.
You can't complain about your dressing room or you'll look like Celine Dion.
I am never writing a breakup record again, by the way. I'm done with being a bitter witch.
I like having my hair and face done, but I'm not going to lose weight because someone tells me to. I make music to be a musician not to be on the cover of Playboy.
I'm like Johnny Cash. I only wear black.
I like looking nice, but I always put comfort over fashion. I don't find thin girls attractive; be happy and healthy. I've never had a problem with the way I look. I'd rather have lunch with my friends than go to a gym.
I no longer buy papers or tabloids or magazines or read blogs. I used to. But it was just filling up my day with hatred.
I'm nervous whenever I perform.
I don't like going to the gym.
There will be no new music until it's good enough and until I'm ready.
I love a card. You know, cards? At birthdays? I collect them.
I was about to meet Beyonce, and I had a full-blown anxiety attack. Then she popped in looking gorgeous, and said, 'You're amazing! When I listen to you I feel like I'm listening to God.'
Sometimes with pop music, you have to see it to love it. With soul music, it's sparse. There's nothing that's pretentious or planned. It's just so gutsy.
It's never been an issue for me - I don't want to go on a diet, I don't want to eat a Caesar salad with no dressing, why would I do that? I ain't got time for this, just be happy and don't be stupid. If I've got a boyfriend and he loves my body then I'm not worried.
In the songs I can still be really really direct but in interviews when I'm explaining my songs I shouldn't be so direct about who they're about.
My body doesn't have any rhythm, you know. I've got quite good rhythm when I'm singing but my feet are very much two left feet.
I just want to make music, I don't want people to talk about me. All I've ever wanted to do was sing. I don't want to be a celebrity. I don't want to be in people's faces, you know, constantly on covers of magazine that I haven't even known I'm on.
I can't write another breakup record. That would be a real cliche.
I don't want people confusing what it is that I'm about. I just stand there and sing. And I don't do stunts or anything. if I wanted to do all that, I don't think I'd get away with it.
Even if I did have, you know, a 'Sports Illustrated' body, I'd still wear elegant clothes.
There is nothing that would upset me more than my dad being bribed by the press. It's like, 'Just let them run it, then. Don't you give them ammunition.'
Crying is really bad for your vocal cords.
I am quite loud and bolshie.
I no longer buy papers or tabloids or magazines or read blogs. I used to.
I don't write songs about a specific, elusive thing.
If I were a writer and not a singer in 10 years, I don't know how I'd feel about writing really personal songs and getting someone else to sing them.
The thought of someone spending $20 to come and see me and saying, 'Oh, I prefer the record and she's completely shattered the illusion' really upsets me. It's such a big deal that people come give me their time.
I don't date celebrities.
I can't believe I did a peace sign on TV - like Ringo Starr!
I love love songs. But I love pop music as well: Girls Aloud, Kylie, the Spice Girls, East 17, Mika.
My worst fear is my music won't connect with the public.
Americans are always mortified when I tell them this, but in England, it's a tradition to put your plaques and photographs and awards and gold records and stuff in your bathroom. I don't know why.
I think it's shameful when you sell out. It depends what kind of artist you wanna be, but I don't want my name anywhere near another brand.
I don't want to be in everyone's face. I'm a big music fan, and I get really pissed off when it gets like that... and I don't want people to get like that with me.
I will not do festivals. The thought of an audience that big frightens the life out of me.
I'd love to be an artist always, but if no one wants me, I'd love to write songs for other people, be a manager, nurture new talent.
I don't want to be a celebrity. I don't want to be in people's faces, you know, constantly on covers of magazine that I haven't even known I'm on.
I have never been insecure, ever, about how I look, about what I want to do with myself. My mum told me to only ever do things for myself, not for others.
I want to go and see things as a fan again. I am a fan, but I can't remember what it feels like to be a fan anymore. Because I've become an artist. I've become the artist.
