British,Musician
When you have a creative mind it doesn't stop going.
One of the reasons I got really fat when I left home was because I thought rich people ate white bread and Spam. I also thought they could get processed meals, because we never did, so that was exciting.
Instead of thinking that's a nice tune, you start thinking is it the right pace, is it the right tempo? That is the death nell for artists.
The thing with me is, I'm both untidy and I hate mess. But I'm not untidy in communal spaces, like living rooms. My bedroom is havoc.
Within three months I had gone from being this black sheep of the town to suddenly becoming a pop star.
If you think about it, I was at college, and then three months later, I was a massive pop star. It's stress-making, especially when you're a bit of an oddball as I was, the black sheep left to your own devices, and then suddenly everyone's interested in you.
I wanted to act when I was young. When I was 12, I asked the head of English at my school, 'Can I audition?' and he said, 'What would we want you for?' And I remember going, 'Oh yeah. Why would they want me?'
Yazoo was Vince's sound ultimately. At the time Vince and I got together he had only recorded one album with Depeche and Depeche were to go on to greater things.
When you make a lot of money for a record company, they don't want you to evolve. Growing older, you naturally do.
When you have kids, it limits you. That was a choice I made.
When you find yourself on stage singing and you are embarrassed about what you are singing in front of your peers, then you have to think about your priorities.
There has always been a feeling with people that they love my singing but not always the choice of material.
There are a lot of people who can now see me as an artist for the first time.
The press Yazoo were receiving were focused on the voice, This obviously was about trends.
The press gave me a voice too quickly, and that could have unsettled a man who had every right to feel he should be in control of the thing he had created.
It wasn't like I felt I was on a wave. It was just so easy. It is only afterwards that I thought I really had a bit of good luck going on there with Yazoo.
It is not about writing those hits again. I am sure I could write them, but it is about the sensibilities.
I wasn't good at being affable. You get beyond that and realise the attraction in any human being has more to do with what they give to someone rather than just being face candy.
I was writing and I have three kids. I was occupying my time with them but it was difficult.
I was a single parent, and I was prohibited from working.
I have never had another job and I don't have a mortgage.
I have never done any other job. I have sung in bands since I was 15. I left school completely unqualified. I have no other training.
I had been with the label since I was 21. The label wanted shiny pop but I didn't. I found a little independent and we've got all these great reviews in England and now it has gone gold.
I came from a small town and at school in one class there was me, a member from Depeche Mode and someone who went on to join The Cure. That was all in one class of 30 kids.
Personally I think women look better with a bit of chub on them.
I threw away the whole of my working history, my photograph albums, diaries and stage clothes. Shoving big, ugly discs on walls is a bit like rubbing people's faces in it, saying 'I am considerably richer than you.' It is completely unnecessary.
I just think that when you've been singing for 30 years, which I have been, you just want to find different things you can do with your voice. It's a constant journey. It's not like any one album that you make is who you are. It just reflects that particular day.
One of the things I wanted to do with 'The Turn' was write a production of songs that could be stripped down to one or two instruments if you chose to do it.
I think with all records, it's the starting out that is the difficult stage.
