American,Musician
I wasn't a very good teacher.
I don't really know that there's any real rules for songwriting.
I'm not into cold weather, I like warm weather.
Across the board, from my mother to my father to my aunts and uncles, everybody has always given me a lot of love.
I love vinyl, man.
I love when people are coming up and they're working hard and you can see that they're really focused on the process to their music. I really dig that. As a musician, it's nice to see people who really care about the process.
Country artists have advantages all over the place. The radio support is incredible. The fanbase is rabid, all over.
Songwriting isn't always something that's directly proportionate to the experience.
Understanding where your food comes from, trying to bolster local farmers and local economies and having a better connection to the food around you and the people around you, only good can come of that. I love to be involved with things like that.
I think most of the time when people have big disagreements and big misunderstandings, when time lessens that blow it creates a deeper understanding for both people.
Every time I write a song I feel really lucky and kind of surprised. Not surprised that I wrote it, but just surprised that things exist that you don't know about.
Genre, to me, is not all that important, and it never has been.
I don't know anything about music theory at all. Zero. But I don't really need to.
There's nothing but spirit in music. That's all it is. Yeah, there's a lot of intellectual elements to it, but no matter how you approach it, it's all spirit.
You never really get a chance to sit down with the people you love, unless you really make an effort to do it. It doesn't just happen naturally anymore.
I'm not a mass-appeal artist.
I live a pretty anonymous life.
The cool thing about being a songwriter, or a writer, I guess, in general, you can take on a lot of different things, experience a lot of different things, just by writing about them.
I love what I do, so I don't mind working.
I don't really know what 'folk music' means anymore.
I can relate to soul, R&B... whatever people want to call me is fine. I just hope it makes them feel something.
I do not go on my Wikipedia page. There's just too much weird information on there for me to pick apart.
There's not a whole lot of media interest in me other than just the records that I make.
The closest place that I feel like I come to having religious moments is always musical.
I don't know anyone who is a writer who isn't influenced by the relationships in their life.
You need a strong sense of 'otherness' to be able to create in your life.
