American,Musician
I love my cats more than I love most people. Probably more than is healthy.
Music is therapy for me. It's my outlet for every negative thing I've ever been through. It lets me turn something bad into something beautiful.
You can't control all the crazy stuff that happens to you. All you can control is the way you handle it.
I refuse to accept Pluto's resignation as a planet.
Honestly I just wear what I like. You know why? 'Cause I can, I'm a rock star.
My darlings, if I can't write dark, epic music, I can't live!
I wanted to be a veterinarian until I saw a video of a vet performing surgery on a dog. Then I decided I wanted to be a pianist.
Something that's fun for me is a challenge. When you have a challenge and you take on that challenge and succeed, that's the best feeling.
Whether it's a relationship or what you're wearing, or how much you weigh and what you said when you didn't mean it, like - it's hard to be totally under the microscope.
There's nothing sexy about skin and bone. You gotta have some junk in the trunk.
I've always been a very passionate, sometimes overly emotional person. Sometimes things affect me more than they should.
We've all fallen, but at the same time we're not broken. There is the hint that we are going to get up again.
Evanescence fans aren't the popular kids in school. They aren't the cheerleaders. It's the art kids and the nerds and the kids who grow up to be the most interesting creative people.
If people are making fun of you then you're probably doing something right.
I love sushi. But after too much of it, it just starts to taste like a dead animal that hasn't been cooked.
I never really did abandon my true self. It's not like I invented this imaginary person and started to be her.
Life can be tough sometimes. But I think it just starts with admitting, 'Okay, the world's not perfect, how do we live our lives within that and not be miserable?'
There are people hell-bent on the idea that we're a Christian band in disguise, and that we have some secret message. We have no spiritual affiliation with this music. It's simply about life experience.
I write by myself initially. That's the way I've always written, just working on pure thought by myself. Then I bring it to the table with whoever I'm collaborating with.
Everyone knows a lot about me without actually knowing me at all.
I think it's important to realize that we're all just human. I mean, nobody is supernatural.
My biggest dream from the beginning - besides Evanescence - is scoring film and writing music for film.
When you're miserable, you don't want anyone around you to be happy.
Success gave me confidence as an artist. And now I'm able to do what I want without anybody thinking it's dumb.
I was always a drama queen. I remember playing in the kitchen, trying to get my mom to think I was dead and call the police. When she didn't, I would cry. I was always theatrical. I don't think any of my relatives are surprised.
I'm not ashamed of my spiritual beliefs, but I in no way incorporate them into this band.
I dream crazy vivid dreams. Like, entire movies. And sometimes I write songs about them.
