American,Musician
It was darn nigh impossible for women in rock in the '70s. There wasn't a mold if you were a woman and you were in the entertainment in the '70s. You were probably a disco diva or a folk singer, or simply ornamental. Radio would play only one woman per hour.
I like The White Stripes and I like the kinda twang American thing right now.
Back when we were first making records, you didn't just make the music, you put a great deal of energy into the way it looked, and every word that was written on the whole thing.
I like the way remixes sound. Some of them are really creative.
I don't think we'll ever use the same sound techniques.
I don't think we will use the 80s glossy sound again.
At that time a lot of young men didn't want to go to the war and kill. This guy that I fell in love with was one of those so he escaped to Canada and I followed him.
I think the theme of the album probably was just that it was our first record.
Led Zeppelin, you can't find a better band to pay homage to.
You have to also provide a video for it, look a certain way and big hair... If you're a woman it's even more strange with fake fingernails and corsets and all this stuff that was big in the 80s.
People can't just listen to the music and have their own imagination and take them where they wanna go.
You noticed from last night, we only did two from the 80s. And our set's two hours long.
I guess we decided to make a new record 3 years ago when Nancy was done scoring for Almost Famous.
I don't think we ever clash but we do become frosty.
I've got two sisters and they're both married and they're both much more settled into the way things are.
I'm a little bit more unusual so I consider myself as the black sheep.
Fleetwood Mac are more like a folk-rock band.
Heart has always been a rock band. It's always been hard-rock.
It's a really bad idea to be in a band and get involved with each other.
No way, because there's love relationships, there's sex relationships and then there's the band.
We're not like Alice In Chains where somebody dies and the band breaks up.
