American,Musician
Everything you say and do is having an impact on others.
Everybody has to find out: who are you? What do you believe in?
Misfits aren't misfits among other misfits.
You say something stupid and the next morning you're in the headlines.
There's just no quiet in Vegas.
Here's proof that if you live long enough, anything is possible.
I feel that after all those horrible reviews and jokes, I wasn't crazy all these years to stand up for the music I believe in. This album has proven that somewhere in the human race, the human heart is still racing and breaking and I am so grateful.
The shows at the Hilton are the most exciting shows I've ever done. The stage is huge, but the theater is intimate, so we can have a magnificent production and still connect with the audience.
No one person or material thing could ever come close to the feeling I get when the music is right.
Whenever there was a choice between music and anything else, music won hands down every time.
I am a musician. My passion for music has obliterated everything in its path for my entire life.
My goal was always to be involved in music that would outlive me. And maybe that's actually happening.
Sneakers are not my thing.
For a Jewish guy, I've recorded a lot of Christmas albums.
What we hear now is great-sounding records with great-sounding grooves and loops. And the sound of these records is irresistible, but the craft of songwriting is just about over. That's why, whenever I get an opportunity to do an album full of standards, I jump at it because I miss it.
You know, when I did 'American Idol' the three times, I tried to tell these kids you have to tell the story of the lyric.
I love any opportunity I have to make music.
You can't possibly prepare for what happens to you the day you hit No. 1 and people treat you differently.
I didn't want to be treated like a 'star.' I fought it constantly, and I think I was rude.
I come from nowhere Brooklyn, New York. Williamsburg, Brooklyn. These days Williamsburg is kind of a hip area, but when I grew up there, the taxi drivers wouldn't even go over the bridge, it was so dangerous.
My hair was slicked down with a part. But that was before I discovered the blow-dryer. Now I'm fabulous.
The public needs to know - they need to know as much about atrial fibrillation as they do about cancer and diabetes.
Atrial fibrillation has been the low man on the totem pole and so we're just trying to get more visibility about this particular disease and how dangerous this could be.
I was the Justin Bieber of the '70s. Really, I was.
These days, with 'American Idol' and all the other reality shows, young people become famous overnight, and that can be very difficult to handle, the way photographers follow you around and study your every move.
QVC has been very good to me.
