American,Musician
You're definitely a different person at different stages in your life.
Life is short and if you're looking for extension, you had best do well. 'Cause there's good deeds and then there's good intentions. They are as far apart as Heaven and Hell.
You look like gold. I've been fooled before, but now I know I've made the mistake in the past. But now I, now I know the difference from gold and brass.
I really feel like the sky is the limit with the Innocent Criminals today.
I grew up listening to spiritual music, Blind Willie Johnson and folk.
My head works in music, so there's always music there.
Genetics do play a role in how you consciously or subconsciously manifest your true self.
I'm really looking forward to, not more of the same, but a continual growth.
Sometimes I may be totally arrogant, sometimes I may totally be the most humble guy you've ever met, sometimes I may be in between. But that's life. Who isn't like that? What's the big deal if I had an arrogant moment.
It will make a weak man mighty. it will make a mighty man fall. It will fill your heart and hands or leave you with nothing at all. It's the eyes for the blind and legs for the lame. It is the love for hate and pride for shame. That's the power of the gospel.
You have to do what you believe in.
We went for the best overall feel on each song. There are no musical overdubs at all. It's a true live record; it's one of the few true live records out there.
We figured you could download live shows for days, so we decided to go for a cream-of-the-crop approach, but not just take the best vocal or the best performances.
The music is in the lead here, and a large part of this, I have no idea what I'm doing. I feel a closer bond with the craft of songwriting, stronger than I ever have.
The Blind Boys are truly the deepest well of American musical heritage you can discover.
That happens every time I get behind a guitar, regardless of what I'm saying, 'cause music is freedom and being free is the closest I've ever felt to being spiritual.
Sometimes I think to talk too much about music almost cheapens it.
So it's not so much that I set out to do something different, it's just that the songs themselves require their own individual voice and attention.
Right now I'm listening to a lot of different things but I listen to a lot of classical music. Eventually I would like to compose and perform classical.
If it comes out sounding like Dixieland jazz or classical or punk or rock or even slightly metal, that's because that's where I'm going to find inspiration.
If I'm inspired and music inspires me, then I will continue to play it.
If I fall, I fall. I'll rise up like anybody else.
I'm not going to do the Ben Harper house record or the Ben Harper drum 'n' bass record.
I refuse to make uninspired music.
I refuse to age disgracefully in rock 'n' roll.
I really feel there's no limitation on what this band can do in the studio or on the stage. That's an empowering feeling - that we can bring a song to life.
