American,Musician
There's nothing wrong with being a loser, it just depends on how good you are at it.
Making mistakes is a lot better than not doing anything.
Punk has always been about doing things your own way. What it represents for me is ultimate freedom and a sense of individuality.
I never thought being obnoxious would get me where I am today.
School is practice for the future, and practice makes perfect. But nobody's perfect, so why practice?
Minority is about being an individual. It's like you have to sift through the darkness to find your place and be that individual you want to be your entire life.
Punk is not just the sound, the music. Punk is a lifestyle.
We're not a political band. We don't want to tell people what to do or what to think. We just want to tell them to think.
I don't want to live in an ivory tower, being the songwriter who just turns inward.
The thing about punk is that there are purists. Once you start going outside of that, they don't think what you're doing is punk rock.
There are always young bands playing in their garages. A lot of punk rock is not going to be in the mainstream. It's below the radar. The beauty of it is that you're not supposed to always know. It's subterranean.
If journalists ask you again and again about the same bands, you'll end up saying you hate them just because you're so fed up with being asked all those stupid questions.
For some young people, their first experience ever hearing punk rock music was playing the Green Bay Packers on 'Madden'.
A punk concert isn't fun without a pit.
I'm a father. It isn't just my life any more. I don't want my kid finding bottles in the house or seeing his father completely smashed.
I sound like an Englishman impersonating an American impersonating an Englishman.
A lot of punk rock is not going to be in the mainstream. It's below the radar. The beauty of it is that you're not supposed to always know. It's subterranean.
When I signed that major-label contract when I was 20 years old. I did it because I wanted to play music for the rest of my life. That's every 20-year-old's dream - to do whatever the hell you want.
I'm very monogamous.
Our passion is our strength.
Music - that's been my education. There's not a day that goes by that I take it for granted.
I think it's your own choice if you turn from an angry young man to a bitter, old bastard.
In every song I write, whether it's a love song or a political song or a song about family, the one thing that I find is feeling lost and trying to find your way.
The first time that you escape from home or the small town that you live in - there's a reason a small town is called a small town: It's because not many people want to live there.
I sort of enjoy the fact that I'm misunderstood most of the time. That's fine.
Moshing and broken glass just don't go together.
