British,Musician
I live in a house that was built in 1480. It has a moat around it. It is like a little baby castle.
The Stones always tried to do the odd smaller gig when they could.
I love to play smaller crowds with the Rhythm Kings.
I'm always shy in front of an audience, so I'm always at the back, in the shadows, just doing it. I don't like the front, the adulation.
I have no restrictions, no limits, no musical history to live with.
If you are any competent musician, if you have creative ideas, ideas of songs, of arrangements, in a band like the Stones, where these 2 people do all the things, there is no freedom.
You're always frustrated, you don't have the chance to do a song on the album, like the Beatles did with Ringo and George, or like Led Zeppelin, where everybody was given a chance to contribute. There never is a chance with the Stones.
I didn't want to stay in the Stones, and be stuck in a position having to play a music I didn't like anymore and that restricted me from doing all the others things I'm interested in because of time.
I don't make any money.
But why is it that in music, anything more than 5 years old - apart from a few hits - is never played on radio to the young public?
Because of the fashion, the young people don't have any access to the history of music, unless people like me revive it. There are very few people to revive it, because you can't earn any money doing it.
I always say that I am very proud of the work that I did with the Rolling Stones and that I am also proud of what I have done with the Rhythm Kings.
I had a wonderful time with the Stones but after 31 years, I thought it was time to move on.
I have very interesting hobbies like archeology and photography.
I always listen to a lot of different music when I am working on a project.
I always got great respect as a bass player.
With the Rhythm Kings, I can involve myself in arranging and producing the music as well as the choice of songs.
I am much more my own man than I was when I was with the Stones.
I was listening to music long before rock 'n roll.
The first records I heard were from Dizzy Gillespie and people like that.
My first record I owned was by Les Paul.
I have found two Roman sites in the area that I live in.
You never know what your next dig is going to find.
I open events for museums and I do charity work and photography.
Everything had to be done in-between Stones time.
I think anyone would want to see their favorite band in a small club over a large stadium.
