American,Musician
A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom.
Take care of all your memories. For you cannot relive them.
No one is free, even the birds are chained to the sky.
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
You're going to die. You're going to be dead. It could be 20 years, it could be tomorrow, anytime. So am I. I mean, we're just going to be gone. The world's going to go on without us. All right now. You do your job in the face of that, and how seriously you take yourself you decide for yourself.
A mistake is to commit a misunderstanding.
Inspiration is hard to come by. You have to take it where you find it.
I'll let you be in my dreams if I can be in yours.
Yesterday's just a memory, tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be.
All I can do is be me, whoever that is.
A poem is a naked person... Some people say that I am a poet.
I think of a hero as someone who understands the degree of responsibility that comes with his freedom.
You hear a lot about God these days: God, the beneficent; God, the all-great; God, the Almighty; God, the most powerful; God, the giver of life; God, the creator of death. I mean, we're hearing about God all the time, so we better learn how to deal with it. But if we know anything about God, God is arbitrary.
I accept chaos, I'm not sure whether it accepts me.
The land created me. I'm wild and lonesome. Even as I travel the cities, I'm more at home in the vacant lots.
There is nothing so stable as change.
He not busy being born is busy dying.
I am against nature. I don't dig nature at all. I think nature is very unnatural. I think the truly natural things are dreams, which nature can't touch with decay.
People seldom do what they believe in. They do what is convenient, then repent.
I define nothing. Not beauty, not patriotism. I take each thing as it is, without prior rules about what it should be.
Being on tour is like being in limbo. It's like going from nowhere to nowhere.
I kinda live where I find myself.
Well, the future for me is already a thing of the past.
I have dined with kings, I've been offered wings. And I've never been too impressed.
I'm more of an adventurous type than a relationship type.
Don't matter how much money you got, there's only two kinds of people: there's saved people and there's lost people.
I consider myself a poet first and a musician second. I live like a poet and I'll die like a poet.
In the dime stores and bus stations, people talk of situations, read books, repeat quotations, draw conclusions on the wall.
To live outside the law, you must be honest.
Colleges are like old-age homes, except for the fact that more people die in colleges.
A song is anything that can walk by itself.
I really didn't consider myself happy or unhappy.
You just don't wake up one day and decide that you need to write songs.
Folk music is a bunch of fat people.
I'm inconsistent, even to myself.
A lot of people don't like the road, but it's as natural to me as breathing.
It's not easy to define poetry.
Nothing can affect my voice, it's so bad.
Here's the thing with me and the religious thing. This is the flat-out truth: I find the religiosity and philosophy in the music. I don't find it anywhere else.
I like America, just as everybody else does. I love America, I gotta say that. But America will be judged.
The songs are my lexicon. I believe the songs.
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing. I do it because I'm driven to do it.
I've never written a political song. Songs can't save the world. I've gone through all that.
I can't see myself singing the same song twice in a row. That's terrible.
I'm not a playwright.
I don't think I've ever been an agnostic. I've always thought there's a superior power, that this is not the real world and that there's a world to come.
I'm just glad to be feeling better. I really thought I'd be seeing Elvis soon.
Basically you have to suppress your own ambitions in order to be who you need to be.
What good are fans? You can't eat applause for breakfast. You can't sleep with it.
I don't think I'm tangible to myself.
I'm not the kind of cat that's going to cut off an ear if I can't do something.
I never saw myself as a folk singer.
I became interested in folk music because I had to make it somehow.
I'm mortified to be on the stage, but then again, it's the only place where I'm happy.
I realize I don't do a very good job in keeping up to date, but I try to.
I'm sick of giving creeps money off my soul.
My range is limited.
My father probably thought the capital of the world was wherever he was at the time. It couldn't possibly be anyplace else. Where he and his wife were in their own home, that, for them, was the capital of the world.
Anybody can be specific and obvious. That's always been the easy way. It's not that it's so difficult to be unspecific and less obvious; it's just that there's nothing, absolutely nothing, to be specific and obvious about.
If I wasn't Bob Dylan, I'd probably think that Bob Dylan has a lot of answers myself.
Some formulas are too complex and I don't want anything to do with them.
I felt like I might as well have been living in another part of the solar system.
At times in my life the only place I have been happy is when I am on stage.
I say there're no depressed words just depressed minds.
I can't act!
Having these colossal accolades and titles, they get in the way.
The people in my songs are all me.
Death to me means nothing as long as I can die fast.
You learn from a conglomeration of the incredible past - whatever experience gotten in any way whatsoever.
You can't do something forever.
You can't imagine parlor ballads drifting out of high-rise multi-towered buildings. That kind of music existed in a more timeless state of life.
Look, when I started out, mainstream culture was Sinatra, Perry Como, Andy Williams, Sound of Music. There was no fitting into it then and of course, there's no fitting into it now.
People have different emotional levels. Especially when you're young.
I can't stand to see myself on television.
My songs always sound a lot better in person than they do on the record.
