American,Musician
I'm loving N.Y., and words can't even describe how happy I am to be here.
I was born with no money. So when people talk about Bow Wow being rich his whole life, I don't know where they get that.
Dealing with the fame and going from nothing and becoming something where everyone wants a piece of you, your life changes in a day.
People ask for this life, but they don't really understand what comes with it. People just see the outside and that looks good - big houses, cars, girls, but you never see how the person is feeling deep down inside. Me personally, being a man, I'm going to feel better displaying all of this and pouring my heart out on each record.
When I see my own people going through the tough times, it's a wake-up call. I hope my influence can impact someone else's decision to get out here and vote.
I'm not turning my back on music anytime soon, but it's just a blessing to have options open. A lot of artists just have rap, and that's it. But once rap stops, it's hard to get into that Hollywood circle; it really is. It's a whole 'nother beast that people think they're ready for, but they're really not.
I can take all the negative energy and turn it into a positive simply by purging my soul through music. That's how powerful music can be.
I worked with Snoop, but I would love to work with him again, but DMX... I would love to work with him as well... I met him in Atlanta; I went to one of his concerts; I would love to do a song with him. I respect him and really like his music.
I'm trying to become a young CEO, to brand myself in television and movies.
I'm coming for Ryan Seacrest - I want to be the black Ryan Seacrest for BET. I want to host, I want to produce, I want to do everything for the network.
The whole point of the game is not to stick with one thing, because when that one thing ends, then what are you going to do? For me, I have movies, '106 & Park,' music, and other things to fall back on.
I feel like I just want to enjoy life and spend time with my daughter who is about to turn two, which is full-time job and the hardest job I've ever had in my life.
At the end of the day, I want to spend time with my daughter, and this schedule enables me to do that while still having fun hosting '106 & Park.' I'm not really eager to get back into music just yet; I'm really eager to get into another movie before I put out an album.
I don't prepare for my roles. I don't watch movies to get inspired. I don't dig deep. I'll never be that type of actor, and I doubt that I ever will be.
I'm in a 'I can do whatever' phase. I'm taking this '106 & Park' opportunity into full force. I'm really focused on doing my best with it. This is my 'Fresh Prince' moment. I want to be the black Ryan Seacrest of film, TV, and more.
It's weird because every movie that I do is always a role that reminds me of a role that 'Pac would have done. And when 'Pac did 'Juice,' he was young - probably like 21, 22 - something like that. And that's my favorite actor. I know it might be weird to say, but he was talented on screen, and that's who I studied.
It's sad that my daughter will get attention because of her daddy. I'm already watching her run around the house and pick up microphones. It's scary.
Guys like Todd Bridges never overcame being a child star. You can't have any big failures. I've always felt regular. I played organized ball at the rec league. At 13, they told me I sold 3 million copies. I didn't know what that meant.
You got to keep all your weaknesses away, and my weakness is women. I love women too much. Which has definitely road-blocked me. I just try my best to channel my energy to other things and remain focused while making my work as fun as everything else.
All these Lil' rappers, I'm just kind of getting real irritated by it. I said, 'You know what? Drop the Lil'. Forget it. I'm Bow Wow.
To the world, I'm Bow Wow. When I leave here and I go to L.A., and I go to my daughter's house and I sit with her, I feel like Shad. I'm not Bow; I'm 'Daddy.' It's, like, the illest feeling in the world. I feel like I'm away from everything.
Music is the reason I'm doing movies; I do credit that. But acting is an escape route for me.
I loved playing a dramatic role. There's a side of me a lot of people don't know, and when I do dramatic roles, it just all comes out.
LL Cool J was a rapper-turned-actor, and I also relate to him because he was sort of a ladies' man and had a female fan base, but yet he's a positive dude. You never read about him getting into trouble or going to jail.
I don't take for granted all the blessings that I have, and as soon as I heard about Computers for Youth, I really wanted to be involved. Anyone who knows me knows how much time I spend on computers. I'm a computer addict. Every young person deserves to have a computer in his or her home.
Me and Lucas Black are actually starring in that movie 'Fast and the Furious 3: Tokyo.' It's gonna be hot and different. My first action movie, so it's gonna be great.
