American,Musician
I grew up with my little brother, and we were raised by my grandmother. I was an insider for real. I stayed in the house a lot, writing songs or playing video games, watching TV, or chilling with my girlfriend.
The Joker is my favorite villain of all time.
Sometimes my life is moving so fast that I forget what's going on. I'm just going with the pace or going with the flow. Like, I don't really stop and try to pay attention to things for too long.
If there's three boxes that say 'Single', 'In a Relationship,' and the third one says 'Getting Money', I'd check the third one.
I can't just wear whatever when I go out because somebody might want to take a picture. People are, like, taking pictures of me in my car when I'm driving. It's crazy. I kind of hate it sometimes.
Everybody's family plays them music, and my grandma used to play a lot of old-school stuff, like Ron Isley and Gladys Knight. Earth, Wind & Fire is the one I started paying attention to. My uncle introduced me to R&B, like Dru Hill, 112 and all those dudes.
I like anime, but one of my favorite animes, and one of the most popular animes out there - Dragon Ball Z. That's the one that I watch the most. I don't watch all the crazy stuff like Bleach, One Piece.
One of my first purchases after I signed to RCA was a BMW. I was driving on the highway, and I heard 'Don't' come on. It was a real moment.
I'm in R&B/Soul, and I feel like all my music is R&B driven. Even some of the songs that are more rap have an R&B feel, so I'm with that.
I can't wait to see someone else from Louisville make a hit song 'cos that'd be dope. I can only imagine how J Cole would feel if somebody just came out of Fayetteville and started booming with some crazy records.
Maybe I was just born with a little bit of vocals or natural talent, but I feel like I taught myself.
I want to inspire people to change the world. That's something that I feel that I'm meant to do here... really going to change the world. I asked God to make me immortal so I can do it.
I grew up with my little brother, and we were raised by my grandmother. I was an insider for real. I stayed in the house a lot, writing songs or playing video games, watching TV, or chilling with my girlfriend. It wasn't until 9th grade that I got into music. This guy in school heard me singing around the hallway to girls and stuff.
I read an article in 'Forbes' entitled 'Six Ways To Achieve Any Goal,' and it really inspired me and helped me get to where I am today.
If I had to compare myself to another artist, I wouldn't. I feel like my lyrics are really strong. I'm good at painting pictures and telling picture stories.
You would think, because I stayed to myself and I was shy, that I'd be a good student, but actually, I was a bad student. I was in detention a lot, mainly for cutting, being late to class. I was in tardy hall a lot. I hate the idea of homework. I don't get it.
I'm a low-key guy. So I like going to places and not being known. So it's weird when people are saying, 'Oh, it's you.'
I'm from Louisville, Kentucky, and nobody gets out of there. So I'm like, how am I gonna get out of there? Nobody else can. So it took some time. The struggle made me realize I didn't really want to be 'normal' anymore.
I listen to a lot of songs, and they aren't talking about anything. I don't connect with them. I'll listen to something like Musiq Soulchild's 'Just Friends,' and I'm like, 'Wow, I really feel what he's talking about.' That's how I want people to feel about my music.
Some people are really proud of me, and some don't like it. I don't really know what to tell those people. It's like people that don't know me or people that aren't even my friends saying I've changed. I have two friends - exactly two friends. It's like, how can someone that's not even my friend say I've changed?
Michael B. Jordan is actually cool. He's like the homie. I'm actually talking to him. He reached out to me a while ago and just showing love for the music after 'TRaPSOUL' dropped.
My little brother and grandma told me I could sing. I used to sing in church, too. Not like in the choir or anything, but for people around the church... on the church bus going home and Christmas plays.
I always laugh when I listen to my old stuff. I was just trying way too much back then. Doing too many harmonies and too many runs and all the crazy stuff. Rapping all funny and animated.
I just started mimicking what I heard and singing along to it.
I was working at Papa John's full-time. I had just quit my part-time job at UPS. I was there for two years.
It was right after I dropped the song 'Don't,' and it started to go viral a little bit. That's when I was like, 'Alright, I might have something here.' Actually, I wasn't even going to quit my job, but Timbaland called me - we have a mutual friend - and he was like, 'Yo man, you need to work in Miami.'
My uncle introduced me to R&B, like Dru Hill, 112 and all those dudes. Eventually, he put me on Omarion's first album, and that was the first album that made me want to start singing.
I feel like I can do anything. There's nothing that I can't do. I couldn't make music once upon a time, you know what I mean? But I got in the studio every day, and I tried to get better.
I used to cut school sometimes and record songs.
The other day, I woke up, and somebody sent me a screenshot, and it was Sylvester Stallone, Rambo himself. Tweeting my song. 'Rambo.' And I went absolutely nuts in my hotel. Like, I was jumping on the bed screaming.
It wasn't until 9th grade that I got into music. This guy in school heard me singing around the hallway to girls and stuff. The girls liked it. One day, he was like, 'Come to my crib. I got a studio. Come and record a hook for me.' I recorded the hook on the 'Lovers & Friends' beat - Usher.
I used to sing in church, too. Not like in the choir or anything, but for people around the church... on the church bus going home and Christmas plays.
Somebody who really inspired me to wanna start writing songs is The-Dream, so if The-Dream was to hit me up and be like, 'Yo you wanna do this?,' I'd be all for it. I would love that, actually.
People try to change up my method, but I'm gonna keep doing it the same way I've been doing it: going in the room by myself and making a song.
I just want to make $100 million and retire.
I read an article in Forbes entitled 'Six Ways To Achieve Any Goal,' and it really inspired me and helped me get to where I am today. Now everything is completely different - but I'm still not satisfied.
