American,Musician
When I see old friends, I'm very excited.
Deja vu is one of the weirdest things that happens to me. It boggles my mind.
A big problem for me was opening for Limp Bizkit and Linkin Park, two bands that wouldn't exist if it weren't for me, straight up!
The Butcherettes are led by a female singer, and they're sort of wild.
To write lyrics and sing stuff used to be a real chore for me, especially before this 'Diamond Eyes' record. I was spending years making records.
I used to second guess myself all the time. I can sit there and work in circles when I'm nervous about what I'm doing.
For me, the best part of being in a band is playing shows, all the raw energy.
A lot of people deal with things that are bad. Once you've been through something, you grow from it and you take a lot in. You can always turn it into something positive.
I just happened to wind up in a metal band when I was 15.
I've always had a deep passion for a lot of early electronic and sampled music.
Anything I do with Team Sleep, I'd do with Deftones as well.
A chance to work with the guys from Isis sounded like a lot of fun. I've always been into the atmospheric sounds they had created with that project and felt my sense of melody would meld well with theirs.
I've always tried to stay clear of being labeled, putting a label on what type of music that I make.
I grew up listening to so much different pop and stuff other than just aggressive music.
I have this natural want to... when things sound very easy and straightforward, something inside me always makes me want to take a left turn. If it comes to me and it's too simple, there has to be a more complicated route. I will complicate things like that at times.
I love some electronic music. I'm not a big fan of dubstep, but there is so much good electronic music out there.
A band like Depeche Mode would go out and record them hitting a trash can with a steel rod or something and recording it. And that would be one of their sounds of the drums. I love the creativeness of that kind of really raw sampling.
I grew up in the eighties; that's probably why I like some of the earlier electronic from Kraftwerk to all throughout new wave and things like that.
When you're younger, you have a lot more aggression.
When you hear the first five seconds to a song and you've pretty much heard the whole song, that's kind of a bummer.
I have a feeling a lot of the records I grew up listening to and the records I still like, as hard as musicians worked making them, I feel like they were really enjoying what they were going through. They weren't just going through the process. You can tell that with certain things that you listen to.
I don't watch TV. In my spare time, if I have any, I want to make music.
I think a lot of bands are influenced by religious symbolism and not even necessarily Christianity or Catholicism.
Religion, in any form, is always interesting to me because of how powerful it is. Not even the religion itself, but to the people that follow it... The effect that it has had on people's minds.
I went to see Mogwai at the Fillmore, and that was both the loudest and quietest concert I've ever been to.
I always enjoy rhythms and melodies, but I always use my voice as more of an instrument and less of a soapbox for me to say or to preach.
