American,Musician
My favorite thing about motherhood is the outpouring of love that is non-judgmental and beautiful. My daughter just makes me happy, and she motivates me to be a kid again.
I enjoy being happy every day, and hopefully you can hear my happiness in my music. Life is beautiful.
The will to never give up and to be fearless. That's what I have.
I'm a grown woman. The haters are definitely wrong if they think I care.
I enjoy my fun time and everything like that but I love what I do.
I have to have a little bit of time to myself right before whatever it is that I have to do because most of the time I'm sitting in my head convincing myself to calm down, all right, show down.
If there's an inkling of abuse, I have to move on. Even jealousy - seems cute it first, but if they're getting in my head, it's not right for me. It's okay to be alone. It's okay to be single. The right thing will come along.
Once upon a time, the homemaker was just Mom, but now we've evolved and come to a place where we're celebrating grandmas, grandpas, moms, dads - all the people that keep it safe and clean for our kids - and the overall health for ourselves so we can continue to function and do the variety of things we all do.
I'm not too hard on myself about dieting and exercise. Some stars are a little too bony for me. What happened to the booty?
I think chatbots are the future of engagement between a fan and a brand or celebrity.
I'm up all night, and then next thing you know, it's the morning, and I'll sleep, like, three hours. I'm a night owl. I'm usually in the studio at night working, and then I get home, I'm on my phone looking at Instagram pictures and buying stuff.
I would just love to do something where I'd have to train and work really hard and do one of those types of action movies, which a lot of women are doing now.
When its time to go off to work, or work out, I have a great support system: a great nanny and friends who offer to help out whenever they can.
I don't like peanut butter and jelly that much.
I'm happiest when I'm with my daughter and I don't have any distractions with my phone going off.
My biggest lesson I've learned about love is to keep on loving. Love is love; it's amazing. It's fine. It hurts. It's probably one of the best experiences in life.
For the longest, I was slightly naive when it came to the real world. There were a lot of fears I was afraid to conquer that were just holding me back from standing up for myself or taking chances.
I am not greedy, so I would gladly give a song to someone else to sing if it makes more sense.
That's my fun time so, to me, doing my homework, studying on what I do, watching the movies, listening to music, all that inspires me so I focus a lot on that and practice.
I do love pears. All types of pears. Not too firm, not too soft; they have to be at the right time of their life.
The most challenging part of playing Magenta was knowing that there have been so many great Magentas before me, including Patricia Quinn in the original 'Rocky Horror Picture Show'.
I've teamed up with Pine Sol to celebrate the makers of home.
'We Are Pop Culture' is my clothing line for women that started with just T-shirts. The clothing line is urban street wear. It's for women that feel confident in their own skin and want to express themselves. The whole idea is to play with modern pop culture and previous pop culture using art and sayings.
The writing process is more... it becomes a case of more like a diary for me. I mean, I write stuff down all day whenever I'm experiencing something that I think would be important for me to look at later on. You know, whether it be for writing lyrics or just for a memory, like, 'Oh, my gosh, I can't believe I was feeling that way at that time'.
I'm happy that I took time off to become a mom and raise my daughter properly and build a bond between the two of us.
There hasn't been one highlight that stands out... but touring and performing has been great.
Still, to this day I go back and listen to music that inspires me to write now.
I have two sisters, so there is the three of us, and we're very close. We've been best friends since I pronounced it when I was ten and they were four and five.
I go in full with my heart.
I'm very passionate, and I care about the people that are around me.
Women, we're all coming together.
At 18, I finally came into a relationship with a record label. My family got back on its feet. I was happy.
I'm here to save someone. I really want to help other people, especially the youth.
I know that my dad not being in my life made a huge impact on me.
My mom was a cheerleader and had me as a teenager. I remember her giving me some pom-poms and teaching me how to do some splits when I was 3 or 4.
I make a great lasagna. I also like making piccadillo. It's a Cuban dish with ground beef, tomato sauce, garlic and olives served over rice, with plantains. My ex-husband and all my boyfriends love it.
I have had fear in the past, yes. I've learned to fight it. But I still have my moments. I just have to remind myself that fear is all within your mind, and that you're only holding yourself back when you give in to it. Even fear of success can be scary.
Staring down the barrel of a gun is the scariest thing you could ever experience. It's not funny. It's not for the movies.
When you have something special, it's like everybody picks apart words. They'll pick apart a moment in a picture and take something that's special and trash it.
I'm not afraid to blame myself for any of my own faults or just to analyze things in a different way, but I don't overanalyze, either.
If you want to page me, It's OK! I've actually had guys tell me they were fans from the 'Kim Possible' days. And I've met people who still have the 'Kim Possible' theme song as their ringtone.
My real last name is Flores, and Milian is actually my mom's maiden name. So it's not made up, which is cool; it runs in the family. And it actually worked out better for my career to have the last name Milian, because Flores kept me in a little box, and no one really associated me with the last name Flores.
I was definitely a 'Full House' fan.
Working with John Stamos is a ton of fun. He's just the biggest sweetheart - and he's just still gorgeous as can be. Such a hottie!
I've been a fan of 'Rocky Horror'... my mom let me see it at a really early age.
It takes a big man and a big woman to actually say, like, 'Okay, I'm in love with you, but I can't keep forcing it - it's only pushing us apart'.
I feel like if you don't put too much expectations and too much high hopes into things, everything will fall into place.
I have a lot of respect for the musical theater plays.
I have always been a multitasker when it comes to my career; I've been an actress, a singer and everything because I love to do what I do.
As a mom, that's at the forefront of everything in my mind, so I'm always trying to balance, whether it's bringing Violet to work or, the second I am done working, getting home to her.
Even if I am just sleeping with her or just watching cartoons in bed, I know Violet values that. I try to make the most of every moment and just make it special with her, because its what matters to me most.
There's nothing better than that feeling of new chemistry when you're so into someone, and you could care less about what anyone else thinks... and there's butterflies! It's a real feeling that people experience.
I guess NBC must have noticed that one of my main staples is social media. So, when they approached me for 'The Voice,' I thought, 'Why not be the first one to do it?'
I'm an entertainer, period. But I'd probably have to say my passion is in singing. I'm willing to go broke singing.
I want Violet to be proud of every little thing that is her - her hair, her body. We're all different, and from early on, I've always said she has a very confident personality, and I want her to maintain that.
I sang the 'Kim Possible' song for their cartoon series 'Kim Possible'.
I felt like by doing 'Turned Up,' it was something for my fans. It would be a great outlet for me to come out musically and really step up my game.
It takes a lot of work to be a great mother, a great daughter, and a great friend. All those things take effort, and I think, after having my daughter, she opened up this fearlessness within me, and I'm setting an example for her.
When it comes to my career and investing into myself, I'm going to be very particular and meticulous about how I'm doing things so that I can reach the level of success that I want. I'm also going to take some chances, because who better for me to invest in than myself?
A great script might come my way, and I could be in the middle of music. So, it's a huge choice that I have to make - if I'm going to go do a movie or if I'm going to turn it down - because it could be an opportunity that could send my career through the roof, and you never know.
There are a lot of options when it comes between music and acting. For me, because I'm so passionate about my music career, you have to be extremely passionate when you have opportunities like films and real money actually coming to you compared to with music.
I have a fan base that goes everywhere from 5 to - I don't even know what age, but grown adults.
At the end of the day, I'm Violet's mom, and I want the best for her.
I'm not one of those girls who gets with somebody for the jewelry.
My father's in the military, so we moved a lot. I was born in Jersey but grew up in Maryland until we moved to L.A. to pursue my acting career. Music came into it after that.
I was in musical theater when I first started, so there was always both acting and singing. But as far as getting a record deal, that took time. The majority of that time, I was acting.
With my first single, 'AM to PM,' I was just this cute 18-year-old. But 'cute' didn't get me older roles, and 'cute' wasn't selling records. I wanted people to see that I'd grown up, so I did 'Dip It Low.'
My 'Chili Palmer' was my mother. Her name is Carmen Milian, and she's my manager. Before getting into music, we actually educated ourselves, and I went to college for music as a business and learned the business side, and she read a lot of books.
My mom has gone out of her way in her personal life. She's been with me on the road. She's had to deal with people giving her the 'that's the mom' and arguing. Just little things as a businesswoman.
F. Gary Gray, I think, is one of the best directors I've ever worked with in my life, and I'd love to work with him again.
Janet Jackson - I enjoy her style and her dancing.
I like a family guy. He must be fun, must like to go out, and has to respect his mom... my family is very important, so it should be likewise for him.
Keep the faith; work hard: practice does make you perfect. Do what you can, and meet the right people to make it work.
In the world's eyes, what they know of me is from the blogs. What they know is from the media.
'Dip it Low' is pretty highly requested for me. I get that a lot.
I was a Tina Turner fan growing up.
I will always do music, and now - with where the world is going with social media and people dropping stuff for free and doing this and doing that - there's no excuse.
I'm doing everything in my power to be a great mother. I wish I could be with her throughout the day, because I'm always working, but I make sure that whether it's the morning or nighttime, I make it extra special.
Growing up, I had an internal struggle with my body because I was really chubby. My sisters were younger, and they were all skinny and all cute. As a teen, I definitely had, like, an extra 30 pounds of weight.
It's weird what a last name will do. I changed it to 'Milian,' and next thing you know, I was working and getting auditions and stuff, and it was crazy.
Instagram. Pictures. Lots of pictures! I don't really care to read everyone's thoughts.
I've always loved 'Umbrella.' Funny enough, my ex-husband wrote that, and I'm not saying it was meant for me or anything - people will start twisting this - it is Rihanna's song! But I've always loved it.
I had a really great performance with Steven Tyler in the movie 'Be Cool.' I performed 'Cryin',' so we recorded the song beforehand. But I didn't get to meet him until I hit the stage with him, and we had a live performance with 30,000 people in the audience, and that was for the movie.
Violet is my everything. She's the sweetest little girl in the whole world. She inspires me. I'm glad that we have such a close relationship because she makes me laugh and shows me how great life can be every day.
I would love to do an indie film, as I've grown to have a more serious side.
'Shelby Star' is going great. We shot a music video, and I'm building an app and some other things for the project.
Love is what really fuels you, and that goes for relationships with a spouse or with family. Love is a beautiful thing.
From singing to acting to songwriting to mom to fashion designer! It's been quite an evolution.
Every little thing I've done so far has been a dream of mine, and I've been able to accomplish it. It's still a dream every day.
I'm all about 'molde de arroz con picadillo'.
Shoutout to Latinas! You've been great at supporting me, and I appreciate you!
Usher and Shakira are so humble and easy to get along with.
I've got Christian Louboutin' s 6 1/4-inch Equestria boots. I wear them so much, I turned the red bottoms brown!
Channing Tatum. He's a cutie-pie, but he's also got swag. Before him, my crush was Brad Pitt forever!
That's the greatest thing: an experience you can grow from.
I'm more vocal about my ideas in person and music.
I've always felt a certain guilt to have them labeled as 'Christina's sisters' or, 'That's Christina's mom' but them looking for the respect to be named Elizabeth and Danielle and Carmen.
You bring your children onto this earth thinking, 'Okay, I want to make sure that by that time, I'm gonna be good and that they'll be okay.' But it's like, every day we're worried, 'Are we gonna be good?' Things change constantly, so you just gotta push, and you gotta work to the core.
I would love to go to a restaurant on the beach. And that could be in Miami or that could be in Malibu or Bahamas, Mexico.
I love 'Latina'! You guys have always been so supportive of me and my career. Now I have my family, and it's just awesome.
The new idea for me now is creativity. I like to express myself.
I just got tired of waiting for things to happen through other people when so many other people are taking chances on following their dreams.
Everything inspires me, but when it comes to chemistry, and when it comes to the ups and downs of relationships, that's what's real for people.
When I go home, I still have to clean my room; I still have to do the dishes. We have somebody come every now and then to do that stuff, but my mom still makes me clean before she comes.
I make a lot of my own clothes. I don't like wearing the same thing everybody else wears.
Lil Wayne and I are really close. We have a really close, personal relationship, and I really like him a lot. We have a great chemistry.
I'm a fan of Rihanna. I have all her albums. I love her music; she's a great performer. We've both gone on to great things. It's all love.
This pro football player once sent me 100 teddy bears, asking me to fly to one of his games and go to dinner. I didn't do it - it was just too weird.
Since high school, I've always been super into photography. I event went to Valley College for photography.
My mom and I always had a great bond. It was always a natural friendship bond since early on. My mom was 18 when she had me.
Violet speaks Spanish and understands it. She loves Cuban food! My mom is very good at teaching her about our culture, whether it be the food or Spanish or explaining to her that she's Cuban.
Women need each other. Be there for each other, and don't feel threatened.
I really stay away from products that are not silicon-based, and I really stay away from parabens.
I do my best to use all-natural type of products. I find that Perricone has really nice face cream. I find they have good facial products. Whenever I have a pimple, their products clear them up and make my skin nice and clean. Also, Kiehl's Ultra Facial Oil-Free Gel-Cream.
The only thing that I stress out about is, how am I going to make sure that I balance out my time for motherhood?
Social media has allowed fans and celebrities to really engage and have an organic interaction with each other. Ever since I've had the opportunity to use social media, all the way back to the days of chat rooms, I found I was able to really understand what the fans wanted, communicate with them, and share my lifestyle.
When it comes to brands and having the opportunity to be an entrepreneur, social media has really become a great outlet for people to become their own boss.
I've always loved Jennifer Lopez, and I think, as an entertainer, she is a great example of a strong woman that is also very levelheaded and cool and produces her own content.
