American,Musician
I love to exercise outside in the fresh air and sun: hiking, swimming, stand-up paddleboarding, and jogging.
Bob Marley is a huge influence. I love reggae music, but I also love the purpose of the songs he writes and the style of the music - it takes your worries away and makes you feel good, and I think that's what music is about.
Talking with my friends and family every day helps keep me grounded and connected to home. They are the most important things to me.
I like how my body feels when I'm in shape; I love how it feels after I work out each day. Fitting in the clothes I like to wear comfortably and living a healthy lifestyle is important to me.
I usually end up falling for one of my really good guy friends because I know everything about them, and you fall in love with their personalities, and it makes them become attractive to you in your eyes.
I don't take relationships too seriously, but everyone else seems to. And when you get your heart broken, it's like the end of the world. And I look at it as that was one moment in your life, one chapter. That person helped you grow and figure out what kind of person you want to be with in the future.
I didn't want to call and schedule shows or call and make people listen to my music. Luckily, my friends and family really stayed on me and made me put myself out there.
Being a musician is a job - it is just a really fun one!
And when I perform on my own tour, I have to talk myself into going out on that stage every single night.
I pay attention to how I look but I don't let it go too far.
I was always shy and had a huge fear of being onstage.
Writing is my therapy. My feelings build up inside of me and then I sit down and write a song.
I think the older you get, the more you know about life, and the more you learn about yourself and you become comfortable in your own skin. So the older I'm getting, the more fun I'm having.
Songwriting is like a therapy, it's a connection that you have with another person, and I'm not scared of it at all for some reason.
Whenever I'm on tour and I'm in my hotel room and I'm writing and playing my guitar, I go in the bathroom and I record whatever I'm writing in there. It's just what I love to do.
I'm always shy and timid when I write in front of people.
Well, I started writing songs about three years ago when I learned to play the guitar, but I've been singing since I was eleven.
When I turned 19 I kinda realized that I needed to write my own songs instead of singing songs written by other people.
