American,Musician
All I've ever wanted is a nice truck, and that's what I got.
I want people to know that I'm not just 'Chillin' It.' I'm a real person. There's heartbreak and trials, and I hope I put that in my music.
That's why I fell in love with country music: it made me feel something.
I like the songs that are fun, that aren't gonna change the world - I've some of those - but even something like, 'You Should Be Here,' that was my chance to say, 'Look, this is me, too. I'm just a normal person.'
I try to live every day and realize that there are so many folks working hard to try to get to where I am and how fortunate that I am.
When you find what you love, and you find people that will support you, you're living the dream whatever you do.
There's families all across the country that miss people, but there's nothing like military families.
I'm a Georgia Southern boy.
All I ever wanted to do was write songs, and I just dreamed of putting out an album and having a single that maybe did alright.
If I start putting too much pressure on myself, that's something my mama is there to help with.
The older I get, the more special time with family gets.
I know that a lot of our troops like country music. I would love to do anything I could to just help them out.
I'm just glad to be singing songs that touch people.
I started to sing after high school, and I may have dreamed about being Randy Travis a time or two.
Growing up, all I did was play sports. I always loved music, but I never even thought I'd be on stage one day.
After I went to college, I realized that no matter how much I loved sports, I was ready to have fun, and that was right when I started to sing.
I was a business major, but the more I played music and the more I got into songwriting, I realized this is what I loved, but I kept asking myself, 'Is this what I'm supposed to do - move to Nashville?'
For me, that first album, there was a lot of fun stuff.
'You Should Be Here' set the tone that, 'Alright everybody, I want you to listen to this album.
It matters if people believe you or not.
As an artist, as a person, I don't want to be here for just a little while.
I want to be somebody, a person, first that people remember, but also, I want music that I release to still be around. I don't want it to just be cool for a second and be gone.
I want to do this for a long time; I want people to be saying, 'What is he doing still playing in clubs?'
I've always wanted to treat people the way I want to be treated.
The fact that I have the chance to learn from the names I've been on tour with, I don't think you can ask for any more than that.
We need to take care of people that are out there busting their butts trying to make it; that's what everyone's done for me.
It's just crazy to have a dream - have a plan - and then it all just kind of comes true. To me, that proves that you have to have a vision first.
The fans are always wanting new music, and with as much as I love to write, I might as well give them the music while I've got it.
I just don't want any songs to go unheard.
I was the kid jamming out to the songs on the radio, and now there's hopefully kids out there jamming out to my music.
I'm not the only one who has ever lost somebody; I'm not the only one who was missing somebody. That's what I love about country music, that's what I love about songwriters, is being able to put out those words, those feelings.
I know how music makes me feel; I know how it affects my life.
No matter how the day's going, when I get out there on that stage, it makes it all all right.
That's why I've always loved country music. Whether it's sad, pumps you up, or it's breakup songs, it's all real-life things.
If an artist can take two minutes to tweet a fan and make his or her day, why wouldn't they take advantage of that?
I wanna have the coolest merch.
I always say, 'If it looks good on a T-shirt, it would probably be a pretty cool title or cool song.'
I'm hands-on with everything. I approve the designs of everything we do because that's my brand that people are buying. I want it to look good.
That's where it all started for me, in clubs and bars, and I don't ever wanna outgrow that.
Before I ever had my record deal, I just had a publishing deal over at Sony ATV. I had that title, 'Flatliner,' and just the idea of a girl stopping everybody's heart - just kind of a fun idea.
I've stopped questioning things and how things work.
I'm getting to do, like, 11 stadium shows with Kenny Chesney... seriously - that's bucket list.
On my tour, either they're coming to see me, or they're not.
Country's more than about what the music sounds like. It's what you're saying and who you are as a person.
Me and Luke are fraternity brothers. Luke Bryan was already in Nashville when I got to college. He had come back to his old fraternity house, which was my new fraternity house. We met there and just kinda stayed in touch.
'You Should Be Here' came from a real place. I lost my father... it was right when I was getting my record deal. There's just been so many moments that he hasn't been here for. It's kind of the reason I wrote the song.
It was an incredible experience performing for the members and attendees at the Diamond Resorts Invitational; it was such an impressive event, and I was honored to be a part of it.
Diamond Resorts delivers world-class events and high-caliber hospitality; I look forward to representing Diamond and performing in the 2017 Diamond Resorts Concert Series to help make vacations unforgettable for their members.
We titled it, 'You Should Be Here,' for one, because just how special that song is, and I think it kind of sets the tone for this album. I've established that I like to have fun, but this is a little more than that - this album has got some fun stuff, but it's also got topics that I haven't gotten a chance to touch, and I'm so excited about it.
Having Dierks Bentley on a song is one of the coolest things I've ever gotten to experience. For one, him agreeing to do a song with me but two, getting to share that moment in the studio.
I'm not very patient.
If one person feels the way I felt when I first fell in love with country music, then I'm doing my job.
Sometimes, you want to write how you feel, but making people have fun, that's part of it, too.
The power of music is real.
When I say I'm living the dream, I honestly don't know how it can get any better.
I get plenty of credit out on the road.
This album means a lot to me, and partnering with Cracker Barrel to have it in their stores is very exciting. I am a big fan of the brand, so it was a natural fit to team up with them to have 'You Should Be Here' in its stores nationwide.
Even though I lost my dad in just a tragic, sudden way, there are so many more stories that are so much worse.
You don't have a voice yet when you first come out. So even though I knew I had some deeper songs, my first album had to be about the tempo and the fun.
I started performing in college, but I wasn't writing a lot.
I wanted to get better at writing, so I knew I needed to move to Nashville.
I went to a small high school in - down in south Georgia. Terrell Academy is the name of it.
I graduated with about 23 people, so if you were the least bit athletic, you kind of had to play everything. So I played baseball, basketball, football, ran track, and played golf.
Georgia Southern was such a big part of me getting my start.
Being a big Braves fan, Turner Field would be cool to play a show at.
When something hits you, you better go with it.
I wrote 'Flatliner' with Dierks Bentley in mind in 2013.
I've always been a huge Eric Church fan. I'll never forget being in college listening to his first album and how much it inspired to write my own music.
I want people to know that I appreciate every piece of music they buy and every concert ticket because that's what keeps this going. Knowing that people are coming to the shows and enjoying my music makes every long day worth it.
When I'm getting a chance to do my job or make somebody's day, and be on stage where I love, and see all the fans having fun, you can't help but smile.
I want people to know that I am having fun. That's the biggest compliment I can get is when people tell me I'm having a blast out there - if they only knew. I'm having the time of my life every night.
You play shows all over the country and hope that radio gets a chance to get out to see you, but that doesn't always happen like that.
Life ain't about just 'Chillin' It.' I've learned that.
I am so happy to be able to do what I love. To have the songs I've written for other artists go No. 1 and my songs go to No. 1 has been amazing.
