American,Musician
I don't mean to be a diva, but some days you wake up and you're Barbara Streisand.
You need to write on your own and produce your own life.
I want every girl in the world to pick up a guitar and start screaming.
Being a rock star is like being a cult leader - you really have to be in your own religion.
Rock is all about writing your own script; it's all about pioneering.
I'm not a woman. I'm a force of nature.
Being offended is part of being in the real world.
I like there to be some testosterone in rock, and it's like I'm the one in the dress who has to provide it.
He was so gorgeous... Kurt. I don't know how I got lucky that way.
Much of my high-jinx have been drug-related. When you're under 30, whatever, but once you're past 40 it's just ugly.
I'm driven. I am. I'm driven for some reason. But I don't know where I'm going.
I like all the angels around because they protect me and my daughter. I mean, her Dad's an angel.
I'm a survivor, at least that's what everyone tells me.
I like to behave in an extremely normal, wholesome manner for the most part in my daily life. Even if mentally I'm consumed with sick visions of violence, terror, sex and death.
The Kurt thing has burdened me so much.
I used to do drugs, but don't tell anyone or it will ruin my image.
I did not want to make the widow record. I still haven't made the widow record.
I am just the classic person who wants to learn stuff. I want good tutors, and with Kurt I had the best.
If you want to ask about my drug problem, go ask my big, fat, smart, ten pound daughter, she'll answer any questions you have about it.
I'm ultimately a widow and a single mother, who's not even getting to be a mother right now. I am so alone, it's freaky.
Being famous is just like being in high school. But I'm not interested in being the cheerleader. I'm not interested in being Gwen Stefani. She's the cheerleader, and I'm out in the smoker shed.
I don't need plastic in my body to validate me as a woman.
It's a radical time for musicians, a really revolutionary time, and I believe revolutions like Napster are a lot more fun than cash, which by the way we don't have at major labels anyway, so we might as well get with it and get in the game.
You gotta be able to change worlds.
What makes the most money for this business? Dead rock stars.
We went through ten years of the Limp Bizkit thing, and I didn't know what to do.
