American,Musician
Sometimes life gives us lessons sent in ridiculous packaging.
And where does magic come from? I think that magic's in the learning.
How I long to fall just a little bit, to dance out of the lines and stray from the light.
If you're looking for can-do, earthy-crunchy attitude then you've got to go to Wisconsin.
But if you're looking to be spooked by really tall trees then you've got to go to Washington State.
Sometimes I see myself fine, sometimes I need a witness. And I like the whole truth, but there are nights I only need forgiveness.
In the laughing times we know that we are lucky, and in the quiet times we know that we are blessed. And we will not be alone.
Therapy was the biggest romance of my life.
But social justice and the environment are very tied together in my head.
I was raised by parents who really admired the religious leaders of the left, as many 60s and 70s liberals did.
I watch people throw aluminum cans in the trash, and I think of all the stories I've heard about the over-mining of aluminum, the erosion that happens, and the trees that fall down.
Everyone has to decide how they're going to appear in their lives, how they're going to put themselves out there to the world.
You always have to wrestle with chaos.
I try to be careful not to do single concerts where I fly out, do my show, turn around and go home.
Arizona is really cool but I couldn't stay there for too long.
Milwaukee one of my favorite cites; I think Milwaukee is #1.
The very best thing you can do is to try to write a song that has some sort of impact.
I think music is another language.
The funny thing is musicians often love to go to see visual art because you've got all these pictures to turn into metaphors.
I'm becoming a professional nomad and enjoying that whole part of my life.
If a war has to happen, a war has to happen.
I really value people besides parents who nurture kids.
But I benefit from the taxes I pay because I know how to access the benefits of the taxes.
I have a sordid past.
Being told that you are good at banter is like being told that you are a good person.
The very best thing for music would be to live next door to a person who listens to loud music so you could mishear music everyday and mutate it to your own means.
