English,Musician
You don't have to burn books, you don't have to rebel against teachers to rebel; to rebel is to truly own your own self.
My job description is... being enthusiastic.
I did rebel. I was the rebel in my family, because my dad wanted me to go and just travel with him.
Websites are kind of useless. There's so much great web content and design out there, but the ways in which they are being experienced are not being maximized.
In almost any profession, even if you're the kid of an actor, people are very supportive and want to see the next generation.
It's funny, because music is one of those things it is natural to go into. You hear it so much growing up, it kind of permeates you and eventually you spew out some music of your own.
The music I want to hear in my head sounds somewhere between Jimi Hendrix and Massive Attack. It's not really like my dad, but there will always be similarities because we have the same vocal cords, and I learnt the guitar the way he taught me.
I was very empty after my father passed away. It was an emotional time, as it would be for anyone, but to be in the studio every day was kind of cathartic and healing and it just seemed very natural to continue.
Everyone's seen the Beatles.
I'm a huge Wu-Tang fan.
I don't really plan to be a pop star; I just want to be able to make music without the whole My Dad thing hanging over me, which everyone in my position goes through.
You can' t help being a musician because you've grown up with music, yet being one means being compared to your dad and being slated for it. But I really don't have the ambitions of most people going into the industry.
One interviewer asked me: 'How do you feel that you've betrayed your father?' That wasn't really very cool.
I only discovered electronic music as a teenager and I still love the Prodigy and Massive Attack.
Thenewno2 is sort of my little prototype band, really.
I suddenly realized that in order to do what I wanted to do, I had to become that which I hated - which is the head of a record company or a digital media conglomerate - and just do whatever you want.
I'm still getting used to being called a composer. A poseur, maybe.
I've grown up around cinema. Michael Kamen was a very, very close friend of mine, sort of my godfather. So I know how much work goes into it. You have to know what you're doing.
I recently got into 'Lie to Me' with Tim Roth and 'The Mentalist.'
I have two mini huskies called Woody Guthrie and Edison Guthrie.
'Keep your head down at school.' Those are sage words from my dad. They kept me in check for years.
Someone recently played me 'Combination Pizza Hut and Taco Bell' by Das Racist. That should be my theme song.
My dad used to say to me, 'You look more like me than I do.'
I was an only child. I hung out with my parents.
I did everything I could to not be a musician.
I don't ever use my name for anything in terms of getting the music heard.
