American,Musician
I feel like a good mom. I'm a strong woman now... Don't look down on me. Pray for me because I'm trying.
Have a little faith. Don't give up.
I always say you've only got one life to live, and you're not promised a tomorrow. So, you might as well just have a good time with it.
I like to play dress up, I'm in love with fashion.
I want to do all types of music, music for all people. I want my music to be encouraging, to help people.
I'm very soulful. I grew up singing in church. When I sing a song, I like to feel what I'm singing.
I've been wanting to sing for a long time. I've been singing all my life, and I've tried different record companies, but it seemed like - it was such a struggle and so hard to get out there. So, I said, 'I'm gonna go on American Idol and see how far it takes me.'
My lips are big, but my talent is bigger.
When I'm out on the stage, it gives me this rush and anything that's on my mind and everything I'm going through is forgotten about.
I been through some things but I worked hard to get to where I'm at.
I caught a lot of flak for being a young mama.
'Cause when I had my child, people tried to make me feel like life was over for me, and I started to believe that.
You've got to make it a good example for those kids regardless of how much you mess up.
It's always good when you can bring two artists together who are totally different.
I want people to just to see, all you got to do is have a little faith.
I seemed so different from other kids; I grew up in church and felt a connection with God, and a lot of kids my age really didn't understand that.
When I realized I was having trouble reading, I was too embarrassed to ask for help. Some teachers believed in me, but I just wasn't focused on school - I was into the music and trying to please my dad.
I wanted people to see me, to change their minds about me.
I want to still be singing at 70 years old. I want to be open to the dreams I haven't even dreamed up.
I've never been in a competition before, and I said I'm going to go. I think - I just love to sing.
I think my purpose was just to get out and sing. I love to sing. I wasn't even in it for the - you know, the prize. I was, like, 'Hey, man, I'm going to sing.'
