American,Musician
There's nothing to compare to live music, there just isn't anything.
Well, we all know that self-esteem comes from what you think of you, not what other people think of you.
That's why you find a lot of entertainers are insecure, because it's the perfect camouflage for insecurity.
I had a fear of being alone.
God allows circumstances to build us up. God has got our back.
I think I sound like Barry White.
Well, I went through some emotionally abusive relationships and allowed myself to not be properly respected as a lady, as a human being even, though I tried everything I knew to be a lady.
People always want to ask me about my drug problem - I never had a drug problem; I had a self-esteem problem!
I have never been a different person onstage than I am off.
My look is always glitzy for New Year's Eve, even if I am at home.
A chic guy is in a suit. I don't care what kind of tie they wear. I don't care if they even wear a tie, as long as they can carry a suit.
Well, for street clothes, a lot of what I wear is Jones New York. I am well-endowed in the derriere, and they can handle that.
One of the high points of my career was winning the Grammy for 'I Will Survive.'
I still love a variety of kinds of music.
The better your audience, the more energy you have, and the more energy you have, the better show you do. The better show you do, the more they love it, and the more energy they give back to you.
When I'm on stage, all is right with the world.
All through my young life I wanted to sing, although nobody in my family knew it.
I had cars, houses, jewels, furs, and a husband who loved me, and a career I was happy with. But I found fulfillment in my relationship with Christ.
Christ does not fulfill the human element, but he certainly fulfills every other need in your life. As far as I'm concerned, there's no better love affair.
People are intimidated when they first meet me, but it doesn't take them long to realise I'm just an average person.
I will always try to share my faith with any person who is willing to listen. When I feel a wall go up, we can talk about something else... and I will pray for you.
