American,Musician
Music continues to remind me that its boundaries are limitless.
If I were to categorize what I sing, I have many different influences, and a lot of them are from back in time.
First thing I did when I found out I made it into the top 13 is I tried not to faint and you know, I took it all in and I really looked at the crowd and said a big 'thank you'.
I love classic rock, rock and roll, that's the top notch. I love soul - bluesy music as well.
If my life had to be a song I would name it, 'Live every day like its your best day ever', because it pretty much is.
I definitely I prefer to sing in the car. I don't sing in the shower, maybe its because that's the one time I don't need to talk to anyone so I should just shut up, otherwise I'm just, you know, jibber jabber.
I'd rather have people really be able to step back and get their money's worth and look at me as a true artist than somebody who is just regurgitating other material.
My parents have been with me every step of the way.
Depth on different levels is so important to me. You look at a band like The Beatles, all their material has so much depth to it. And I want people to be able to run away with my melodies and get lost in them and take the lyrics and be able to relate to them.
My folks have played everything from rock, disco, pop, funk, and blues. My dad has always brought and played different genres like jazz, classical, and Latin. With all this in my pocket, I feel I have a taste of everything for my influences.
I believe a great performer is someone who sounds just as great live as they do in the studio and vice versa. They should know how to work the stage.
Music is not just a part of my everday life, I'm surrounded by it every minute.
The kind of audience I'm speaking to is a very wide range of people.
I'm going for something very raw and organic.
My parents have basically just taught me the rules of the stage and everything since I was eight.
It's always been a dream of mine to get somewhere and to have my mom and dad with me up there.
Performing on stage is what I've done since I was a kid and it's where the passion that has started from the very beginning for me, and that's what I'm going to enjoy.
If there's a pool I love to hangout there and layout and get some sun. If I can ever find a second to get some sun, some Vitamin D, I will do so.
