American,Musician
The war on drugs is a war against the communities.
Part of keeping space open is not to try to choose a form - to spend more time thinking about content, and let form take care of itself.
If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum.
Why do we kill people who are killing people to show that killing people is wrong?
My parents encouraged thought. You'll get through life better if you learn how to think.
People love to hear the mistakes you've made.
When an audience comes to one of my concerts, I hope they'll see themselves, somewhere, in one of the songs.
I'm not allowing my perspective to be dictated by the dominant culture.
You just keep feeding hogwash to people, and pretty soon they'll eat it.
It is essential that men start being interested in and excited by how women think.
We who are interested in relative truth have to keep digging for it and not let ourselves be sucked under.
My creativity and my political work are linked. I don't do this work out of guilt or out of responsibility.
Language is like songs, like food, like dance-it is the expression of what we think.
You can't just leave out one part; the bread won't rise if the yeast isn't there.
The women's movement completely changed attitudes all over the world in ways we'll never be able to count.
White middle- and upper-class men have a longer journey to go than many people.
A lot of artists say, I'm not political. People are afraid of this word.
When we make mistakes, say, I'm blessed that I have an opportunity to learn from this.
Part of being an artist is being willing to be shocked, being willing to be surprised, being willing to be hurt.
Leaping away from my mistakes has propelled me forward. It has great force behind it. It makes for great storytelling.
To come to a concert and hear a lot of songs from a female perspective should not make men say, 'Oh well, that's for women'.
If I didn't think and feel the way I think and feel, I couldn't sing the way I sing. And I like singing the way I sing.
When the students were killed at Kent State, the cast voted to do a demonstration from the stage, and I abstained.
Once women are not excluded, I don't think any of us will give a damn what pronouns are used. That wasn't the point.
My parents had been involved in the labor movement; if we'd grown up in the city, we would have been red-diaper babies.
To my great surprise and pleasure, I have had dinner with most of the people living with whom I would like to have dinner.
