American,Musician
I don't regret what I've been through. I've had ups and downs, super highs and some really low lows. I've been so blessed that I could never say, 'I wish this didn't happen.' It's part of who I am. There's nothing in my life that's so ugh.
I have my own high standards for what I want in a partner and how I want to be treated. I bring a lot to the table. I'm not talking about material things but what I have to offer as a person - love and loyalty and all the things that make a good relationship.
When I am wrong, I will learn the lesson and move on to face other challenges. For me, that's what creating your own life is. Doing your best work while being your best self.
You mirror what the world mirrors to you.
You know, maybe I was just born in the wrong time, but I love all things romantic. Puffy understands that. For my last birthday, he covered my hotel room floor with rose petals and had flowers and candles all over the room.
Women should never go without earrings. Passing on them is an opportunity missed.
You've got to love yourself first. You've got to be okay on your own before you can be okay with somebody else.
Doubt is a killer. You just have to know who you are and what you stand for.
If you don't love yourself, you can't love anybody else. And I think as women we really forget that.
I only do what my gut tells me to. I think it's smart to listen to other people's advice, but at the end of the day, you're the only one who can tell you what's right for you.
People assume I'm out there having this great life, but money doesn't erase the pain. When you're young you barrel through life, making choices without thinking of repercussions. A few years down the line, you wake up in a certain place and wonder how the hell you got there.
Oh my God, my girlfriends are everything to me. They celebrate with you, they cry with you, they hold you when you need to be held. They laugh with you. They're mean with you! They're always there, and it's just a priceless thing to have.
I've always had a huge fear of dying or becoming ill. The thing I'm most afraid of, though, is being alone, which I think a lot of performers fear. It's why we seek the limelight - so we're not alone, were adored. We're loved, so people want to be around us. The fear of being alone drives my life.
I'm a hopeless romantic and passionate person when it comes to love.
Once you have a lot of success, you become a target in many ways.
You've gotta do things that make you happy. As women, we tend to give away a lot. We take care of a lot of people, and we can't forget to take care of ourselves.
If you kiss on the first date and it's not right, then there will be no second date. Sometimes it's better to hold out and not kiss for a long time. I am a strong believer in kissing being very intimate, and the minute you kiss, the floodgates open for everything else.
My parents wanted me to be a lawyer. But I don't think I would have been very happy. I'd be in front of the jury singing.
If anyone can figure out how to balance my celebrity and my dual careers in music and film, it's me. I don't feel frightened; I feel challenged.
There are certain people that are marked for death. I have my little list of those that treated me unfairly.
I love a good lyricist - always have. The thing that inspired me most was the different performers, like Tina Turner, James Brown, Michael Jackson, Madonna, even Janet Jackson.
The bottom line is that musicians love to make music and always will.
I've learned something about kids - they don't do what you say; they do what you do.
I know that being seen as a role model means taking responsibility for all my actions. I am human, and of course, sometimes I make mistakes. But I promise that when I fall, I get back up.
I always joke about letting the haters motivate you. Everybody has that in their life, people who doubt them or make them feel less than they are. It just takes faith and belief in yourself, and you've got to dig deep into that. That has to come from you - nobody's going to give you that.
I just knew that was what I wanted to do. I was going to perform as a singer; I was going to perform as a dancer, and I was, you know, going to do movies and be an actress. I was going to do it or die trying. That's what my life was.
I don't get anything for free. I pay for all my beauty treatments.
I judge people on how they smell, not how they look.
You can't take life for granted.
I have the stardom glow.
It's a shame to call somebody a 'diva' simply because they work harder than everybody else.
This is the man my mother lived for. My career means something now because I've worked with Robert Redford.
The bear is what we all wrestle with. Everybody has their bear in life. It's about conquering that bear and letting him go.
I believe in love.
I remember when I was 33 or 34, it was devastating because I realized I wasn't a kid anymore. The great thing about 40 was that I really felt like I had life experience and knew what I was doing now.
There's no way in the world that just because women turn the number 40, they're anything less than amazing. That's crazy. If anything, you're even more amazing!
I love a long bath. I love anything creative. I love decorating. I even love just flipping through magazines and vegging out for a while. But I'm also one of those people who loves to work, so I'll sing, dance, work on my next performance, or write whomever it may be about a new idea.
But the idea of taking things and mixing them together is what I do in my music. I take hip-hop, R&B, pop, dance, funk and soul and mix it all together to get my own sound.
Some people are naturally thin, and some are heavier. There is a lot of focus on it, and it can be a lot of pressure for people. But honestly, I think as long as someone is healthy, that is most important.
I like to cook Puerto Rican food. That's what I grew up on: rice, beans, meat, some Italian-American food. I know my way around the kitchen.
When I was young, I was just about hard work. But as I got older, I did experience anxiety, doubt, judgment, and it's so easy to lose yourself for a second.
By nature I am not tough, believe it or not.
I am a lover. And with my kids I am even softer. I realize with my son, I have to sometimes be tough, especially now when he's pushing boundaries. With my daughter, I can get a little stern with her and she pretty much will listen.
I do know a lot about Scientology. And I know about the practices. I know all about what the technology is and all that kind of stuff. It's very helpful.
I just think that the whole diva thing is a misrepresentation of who I am.
I came from the Bronx and a certain background. I worked really hard. I kept my focus on the right things.
It's a real roller-coaster ride if you're lucky to have longevity in this business - you have to be able to ride those waves.
When you have children, you realise you can't plan anything. There's no Plan A, no Plan B. Life will happen and you will go with it.
A romantic comedy has to be funny and make you think about life; but the obstacle that has to be overcome is key.
I love to eat everything and you pretty much can - a little piece of something fattening is not going to kill you. It's when you eat the whole box that it's going to kill you.
I think if you're in a committed relationship, unless you have some sort of an understanding, monogamy is something that should exist.
I seriously feel like the best days are ahead, and I like the idea of getting to do everything I did before but with more knowledge, experience, and street smarts. There's a certain love, appreciation, and gratitude that you have at 40 that you don't have when you're younger, and it makes every accomplishment feel so much better.
I was into sports and dancing. I ran track. I have a lot of stamina.
I watched my parents. My dad worked nights, and I was aware of how much he was doing for us. My mom was a Tupperware lady and also worked at the school. I always felt that I couldn't let them down. And I had a natural discipline from early on. I was always training for something.
The biggest insecurity I had was my singing. Even though I had sold 70 million records, there was this feeling like, I'm not good at this.
Being an artist doesn't start because you're 21, and it doesn't end because you're 51. You are who you are until the day you die.
I would never speak about specifics in my own relationships because I think it's tacky.
I like to maintain a certain sense of fantasy. At home, do I have the full hair and makeup? No. But I might have the nice dress on.
I look to women who epitomize old Hollywood glamour, like Rita Hayworth.
Early on, my family really made me love who I was and what I looked like.
I've always been very girly.
