Musician
The new album is a childhood dream come true. Got to sing with Ronnie Spector, got to cover a bunch of songs that were influential in drawing a line between the punk form and original rock and roll.
The packaging has to really sell the product today, because kids can go out and buy a CD and then 10 kids can burn them. So you have to really be on your toes.
With us, it's a very specific audience. If you like steak, this is it for you.
We were watching bands like the Ramones and Blondie and other bands beginning to ignite.
We got dragged through a system and got burned by crooked lawyers, and the list goes on and on.
If you really want something you just hang with it. We think our future's ahead and not behind.
Don't buy the bootlegs, save your stuff, everything's coming back out.
Look at all the Misfits products that came out. We never made a dime off it.
We've been through about a million different line-ups throughout our career.
I believe in God.
I would have hated to been locked into music for the last 20 years and not been able to have a family.
We're gonna try and bring on all the different aspects of horror movie making and bring on guests and show all these old '50's B movies. Not the real corny ones, the real cool ones.
It's not how many tickets can we sell, it's where do we want to play, not where should we play to make the most money. We don't really care about that.
Music shouldn't be based around money or politics. Music should be a bunch of people that really do great songs together doing them together for the pursuit of having a good time.
We have a problem now with parents stealing their kids' CDs, so the roles have been reversed.
I discovered the Clash, the Pistols, obviously the Ramones, Blondie.
It's time to start really writing some stuff, and I really wanted to write some stuff in the vein of the original Misfits, and this was really the first step in that direction.
Danny and I wrote 10 songs in seven days, which I thought might be close to the record until you probably look at some of the Beatles statistics.
There were some situations where I was giving up everything I had for the band and I just expected everybody else to feel the same way. I realized I was just kidding myself.
If we were to hit the level that Metallica or somebody like that hit, we'd have had a hard time dealing with it. I think it would have been our doom. It's hard for anybody at that level.
The Misfits pretty much funds the Misfits. It used to cost me money to be in the band. I think we got paid the last gig we ever did. After that, we had to work to support our families.
My job is not babysitting people; my job is focusing on making the best band I possibly can.
I might not be Shaq, but I can be Kobe, you know?
The Ramones went through a couple different line-up changes, and Johnny and Joey held through the whole thing. So right now I'm the only one hanging in there.
The main thing is that this band keeps going.
