English,Musician
My style is unique and random. But I think it's important that it still makes sense.
We all go through sad times, but I was brought up to be positive.
When the world decides to stop being greedy... there will be a harvest for the world! Amen.
I don't see myself as a famous person.
I would like to see myself with some successful albums, and I'd love to be working with new artists as well as continuing to release my own material. I'd also like to be settled in a lovely place with a lovely partner and gorgeous mini ginger Jess!
I'm a good girl, and I have a very good Jewish family who brought me up very well.
My nan tells me to eat her fish balls and not drink alcohol. I'd rather have the fish balls.
'Rather Be' and 'Real Love' are two of the most fun songs to perform; they're such feel-good tracks. 'Rather Be,' especially - I've sung it so many times, but I'm still not bored of it.
I keep my head straight by having the right people around me, from my friends and family to my management and my team. They all keep me in my place. If I didn't have them supporting all the work that I do, I wouldn't be in such a solid place.
My sound comes from my inspiration, which is people like Aretha and Jay Z and Kanye, as well as everyone from the Whitneys and Mariahs to Destiny's Child and Usher. They all inspired me growing up.
I love rap, and I try to write a bit like a rapper, to have a flow.
I've been this voice of a lot of upbeat dance tracks, but people don't really know me.
I like everything I wear to be in sync.
I think people take a liking to a voice or something that makes them smile and feel good about themselves.
I wasn't that academic, but I always made sure I was earning money. I never wanted to put all my eggs in one basket. Even when I started doing music, my parents were like, 'You need to work; you can't just live off music.' I always knew that. So I worked until I knew I was going to be financially okay.
I was just obsessed with soul singers who had these big powerful voices. I used to listen to Aretha, Whitney, Mariah and try and imitate them, note for note and riff for riff.
When people come up and tell me they're such a big fan, it's cool. But weird.
Singing is actually my favourite thing to do in the world - so when you don't consider yourself as talented at anything academically, and there is one thing you're good at, I think it's best to follow what you're good at.
My dad is from Nottingham - although I've only been there twice in my life, with one being when my friend was at university there. I've always found it a friendly place and has a good night life.
I've got quite a few inspirations - the list is kind of endless!
I think I've been quite lucky in that I haven't had to make too many changes to myself. Obviously, there have been adaptations and things that I've altered, but I haven't changed completely. I've stayed myself.
My skin was really bad. Roxanne Rizzo's products were the first things that really cleared it up.
I have so much hair, so straightening takes a long time. I mean, if I look at photos of myself with straight hair, it's hilarious. I look like a different person.
Lipstick doesn't really suit me. For shoots or when I go out, I use it - but if I use it all the time, it makes me look really old, so I keep it natural with nude or a natural pink. Though I did just do a shoot where they did a big red lip, and it looked amazing.
The fact that I'm on 'Essex Anthems' makes me happy, especially because half of my family's from Essex.
I've always been quite an eccentric character. I love going out and partying; I'm a very sociable creature.
