American,Musician
Fake eyelashes can instantly give me a more dramatic look and also help to accentuate my eyes, which are a focal point to achieving the Lion Babe look.
I kept extensions in until I finished high school. Although, once I got to college, that's when it all started to shift. I think it was just growing up and moving to New York, where I saw so many different people, vibes, and looks, and everyone really owned it. That led me to feel more free, take more risks, and go back into my natural hair.
One of my favorite things from my mom is a chocolate brown three-piece Chanel outfit. I had it tailored because she taught me the importance of fit.
You definitely need to have red lipstick no matter what. You can have a great outfit, but it will always give you that extra little pop. I also love perfume. It doesn't even matter what the perfume is. I like to smell sweet.
A brown lip liner will affect a red lipstick differently than a red lip liner.
I'm definitely trying to make songs that people can sing along to and remember. If you can recognize a chorus and leave with it in your head, it's usually a good sign. But then with the verses, I can get a little more free form. I don't really like to copy and paste things.
My mom has always just been one of those people who handle adversity and challenges, and really everything, with so much grace and elegance. I saw it all the time.
When I was a young girl, I wasn't always trying to have curly hair.
I really like the resurgence of the '90s vibe, and you can't go wrong with a Canadian Tuxedo. I never think it's bad to layer denim, whether it's colors or shapes.
As a young girl, I definitely struggled with knowing what to do with my hair. I was just in a neighborhood that had mostly white people, and the hair norm was long and sleek and straight. My hair naturally was curly, and I didn't have that many references.
I've been dancing since I was two, learning so many different styles. I like dancing to rap and hip-hop, but also the Strokes, the Hives, and the Vines with carefree randomness. There's always a way to move to something.
Mascara, in general, is just so good if you don't have anything else. It just makes eyes pop.
Just coming from a musical family, I was always surrounded by it. On the car rides to school, my mom loved playing A Tribe Called Quest and the Beatles' 'Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band,' and then my dad was listening to a lot of Bill Withers and Stevie Wonder.
When I was younger, I thought that straight hair was, like, the only thing. So I was trying to be like Naomi Campbell or Tyra Banks. I didn't know that people would add hair for more length. I'm like, 'Oh all these people just have natural hair like this.' I obviously grew up and figured out that everyone does something to their hair.
Around shows, when we're doing really strenuous stuff on my hair - styling with heat, adding things, braiding things, pinning things - I like to give my scalp and my hair a rest. We usually have a show once a week or so, so I try to deep condition with Pantene Daily 3 Minute Miracle Deep Conditioner once a week.
It's really exciting to be a voice for girls with curls.
If I wash my hair in the morning, then I usually air-dry it. In warmer weather, if I walk my dog, by the time I am back in, it is usually nice and dry!
I think the key to beautiful, frizz-free curls in the summer is to keep hair healthy. It's really the strength of your hair that causes frizz, not humidity, so it's really important to me that I keep my curls strong and moisturized to protect my hair from breakage and frizz. It definitely gives my whole summer look a new life!
I don't think there's anything wrong with a little sweat. I'm always moving, so it's normal for me, and it actually makes my curly hair better because it gives it a bit more texture and volume.
When you change something like your hair, the whole world changes also.
In the summer months, I like as little makeup as possible - I don't want to be too painted. I might put a little cover-up to smooth everything out.
On the road, I might go to the hotel gym. When I know I won't be dancing or working out, I spend time stretching. You have to stretch every day as a dancer. I do it whenever I can when it's not weird.
Women are such incredible people. We're so multifaceted, we're so interesting, and any opportunity to celebrate that - because there's been many years of not being able to - and expose what it's like to be female and how we can be whoever we want to be, and do whatever we want to do, is great.
For me, it's about being comfortable... but I can feel comfortable in a thong leotard and on stage. Growing up as a dancer, that's how I'm comfortable in my body. It's about where you grew up and those things; it's a way of communicating your spirit to the world.
I love looking back at my old pictures and pictures of my grandma and my mom and see how they expressed themselves at different parts of their lives, and it just tells an interesting story, so why not play around?
For dance recitals, my mom would do my makeup all extravagant because obviously I was really little and where else would I be wearing makeup? We would always be in her bathroom before the dance recital, and she'd do our hair and makeup.
I can't leave anywhere without making my bed; it's ingrained.
Both of my mom's parents were music teachers, so I got a lot of knowledge about everything from classical music to jazz to musicals.
Onstage, I channel my inner goddess. Everyday Jillian is definitely more low-key: jeans and a crop top with a sneaker or boot.
I never walk into a room and say, 'Hi! I am Vanessa Williams' daughter.' It helps me to become more authentic.
I'm fascinated by animals and couldn't live without Dewy, my Boston bulldog.
I have a lot of lion jewellery and lion art. I also love crystals.
I think I'm confident because I'm free, I challenge myself, and I stick to what I do.
I went through so many phases when I was young - surfer girl, tom boy, punk - but they weren't mistakes, just moments.
I love vintage Chanel and Prada. When I was growing up, my mum had a Prada backpack, which she's now given to me. I love it because it reminds me of when I was little.
Londoners always seem to be fearless and more willing to have fun with their look. New Yorkers tend to play it safer - sticking with neutrals and black. In London, people aren't afraid to mix patterns and colours.
I wasn't even singing when we first started Lion Babe, so my voice has only gotten stronger.
Coconut oil is a must for everything. It is fresh from the earth, so it naturally works to moisturize my scalp, skin, hair and even helps to remove eye makeup. It also smells delicious. You can buy it at a beauty store or the grocery store.
My friends make me laugh: funny Instagram videos, but mostly people falling over. It's so bad, but it never gets old. I just love how people cover up their falls. The whole experience of 'Oh, I just fell, and I'm going to run out of the fall and pretend I did this on purpose.' I just like to see how people cover up their mishaps.
My first kiss was at a sleep-away camp, and it was very awkward and over quickly. And that was that. It was just the weirdest thing, and I thought, 'That was it? Get out of here!' I didn't even know his last name.
I never really sang for anyone, apart from in the shower or with my best friend. I was shy. I didn't want to take voice lessons. I knew I could sing, but I just didn't tell anyone.
I feel more comfortable performing when I'm wearing something crazy. I grew up in the '90s, so I love a choker and platform shoes like the Spice Girls wore.
I grew up just outside New York City in a very white town. In seventh grade, I got called Macy Gray. It really affected me, so I got a weave and wore my hair straight.
We travel so much, I never adjust to time zones any more.
I grew up as a dancer, and music and dance are so closely tied that in ballet class, you're listening to all this classical music, and in modern class, you're working with a live drummer. It was something that always made me feel really comfortable, and I've had a connection to since the beginning.
Half of my family is in Los Angeles, so my cousin was the first person to play me, like, Snoop Dogg, and I would always feel like, 'OMG, I shouldn't be listening to this,' and my other cousin was the first to introduce me to Aaliyah, so every time I'd go to the West Coast, I'd get those West Coast vibes.
I grew up always wanting to be a dancer, and when I went to New York, I fell in love with the idea of performing in all ways. I saw myself traveling with a company or making my own work and being a little weird. I wasn't thinking about the business side of anything; I just knew that I loved dancing.
The people that have inspired me the most were dancers and choreographers. Even growing up, if I dealt with any pressure to be a certain way, I knew that as an artistic lane, dancing was the one that was a little more freed up - like, no one in my family is really doing that; I can be that person.
