British,Musician
I'm just looking for an angel with a broken wing.
Isolation doesn't bother me at all. It gives me a sense of security.
I may not believe in myself, but I believe in what I'm doing.
I believe every guitar player inherently has something unique about their playing. They just have to identify what makes them different and develop it.
The only way to have time is to shut down and then do what you want to do.
The instruments that bleed into each other are what creates the ambience. Once you start cleaning everything up, you lose it. You lose that sort of halo that bleeding creates. Then if you eliminate the halo, you have to go back and put in some artificial reverb, which is never as good.
I'm always looking for the creative spark. Always.
In the Led Zeppelin shows of the Sixties and Seventies, it was the same numbers every night, but they were constantly in a state of flux. If I played something good, really substantial, I'd stick it in again.
From meeting Robert Plant, John Bonham, and John Paul Jones, teaming up, rehearsing, playing selected gigs outside of Britain, coming back into Olympic Studios to record the first album, and then going to America, which we crack open like a nut with the debut record - all that happened, literally, within months.
Let me explain something about guitar playing. Everyone's got their own character, and that's the thing that's amazed me about guitar playing since the day I first picked it up. Everyone's approach to what can come out of six strings is different from another person, but it's all valid.
If people want to find things, they find them themselves.
I think it was that we were really seasoned musicians. We had serious roots that spanned different cultures, obviously the blues.
I don't think the critics could understand what we were doing.
Every musician wants to do something which will hold up for a long time, and I guess we did it with 'Stairway to Heaven.'
I really don't listen to Led Zeppelin that much.
I'm involved in all things musical. It's all consuming, even if it doesn't necessarily manifest as a record or a concert.
Traveling the world was a constant thing, rich with experiences. But all of it was relative to being able to play live onstage and really stretch out.
You shouldn't really have to use EQ in the studio if the instruments sound good. It should all be done with microphones and microphone placement.
When I was still in the Yardbirds, our producer, Mickie Most, would always try to get us to record all these horrible songs. During one session, we recorded 'Ten Little Indians,' an extremely silly song that featured a truly awful brass arrangement.
I don't think drums had ever sounded so big until Led Zeppelin's first album.
The whole thing about 'The Rover' is the whole swagger of it, the whole guitar attitude swagger. I'm afraid I've got to say it, but it's the sort of thing that is so apparent when you hear 'Rumble' by Link Wray - it's just total attitude, isn't it?
If I pick up a guitar, I don't practise scales. I never have. I come up with something I haven't done before, new approaches to chord sequences, riffs, rhythms, so it becomes composition. It's not like the music I'm doing is just a single thread.
Certainly, as a guitarist, I was aware of descending chromatic lines and arpeggios long before 1968.
My first guitar was like a campfire guitar. And it was left at a house that my family had moved into... and the guitar was at the house. It was all strung up. It's normally something that would be beyond a bit of rubbish.
The album's not dead for me; I still buy vinyl albums.
From the first album, Led Zeppelin was always going to be a totally new approach from what had gone before - whether it was approaching the blues or folk music like 'Babe I'm Gonna Leave You': nothing existed like that.
I wasn't into jazz so much - I preferred things raw.
I wanted to emulate music from America - young punks playing rock n' roll is what it was. I read part of Keith Richards' autobiography, and it was totally parallel with me, learning from American records.
The fourth album encapsulated some remarkable music that was really groundbreaking. We were able to have something like 'When the Levee Breaks,' which, sonically, was very menacing. But then you had the flip side: something like 'Going to California,' which is really intimate.
I don't really know anything about sales figures, to be honest with you.
There's such a currency to Led Zeppelin, or the members of Led Zeppelin. If I put it to you this way, on the run-up to the O2 concert, the only music that we played was music of Led Zeppelin - the past catalog stuff; that's what we played on the way towards shaping up the set list for that. But we played really, really well.
That's exactly why I came into music in the first place: to be inspired by what I hear to make it something else, to make it my own. That's how culture, creativity, moves, isn't it?
My guitar playing touches so many different areas of the form, but the important thing is what it represents across the form.
The Yardbirds folded in 1968, and within a handful of months, Led Zeppelin was not only a band but also a very successful one.
Led Zeppelin isn't done yet, quite clearly, because every year since 1968 there's been new fans.
The re-releases have more than doubled the amount of Led Zeppelin work out there. I wanted it done authoritatively, 'cause I was the one writing the stuff; I was the producer and mixer. I don't think it's any more weird than writing your autobiography.
The one person who's disappeared out of the business is the A&R man. Because the listener at home becomes the A&R man. He's the one who chooses what tracks he wants on the album. And that's cool.
We were lucky in the days of Led Zeppelin. Each album was different. We didn't have to continue a formula or produce a certain number of singles. Because, in those days, radio was still playing albums. That was really good.
The Yardbirds sort of disbanded, and I was disappointed because I thought what we were doing was really good. I thought we were really onto something. I thought I was really onto something with these ideas that I had.
I played guitar all my life, all the way through the Yardbirds, but I knew that for me, this was going to be a guitar vehicle, because that's what I wanted it to be. There is no way I would play guitar like a tour de force like I did in Led Zeppelin.
In the wake of the San Francisco scene, ears were alive. It was a listening generation.
We weren't making money in the Yardbirds.
I was really competitive with myself.
You want that - peers respecting what you're doing.
I always want to do my very best, and it's frustrating to have something hold me back.
The Stones are great and always have been. Jagger's lyrics are just amazing. Right on the ball every time.
I love playing. If it was down to just that, it would be utopia. But it's not. It's airplanes, hotel rooms, limousines, and armed guards standing outside rooms. I don't get off on that part of it at all.
Led Zeppelin wasn't a corporate entity.
The passing of John Bonham... Let's just put it... Before we say, 'the passing of John Bonham,' the introduction of John Bonham on the first album and 'Good Times Bad Times,' it changes drumming overnight.
I don't really want to go on about my personal beliefs or my involvement in magic. I'm not interested in turning anybody on to anybody that I'm turned on to.
I have one of those gravel-y voices with no range to it.
Time sometimes passes quite quickly.
I'm pretty loyal to my guitars, you know, but then they're pretty loyal to me, too.
How many guitars do I have? I don't know. I don't know! But I think the answer to it is, more than I can play at any one point in time. Even though I do have double necks, so I can try and play more than at one time!
I can play in many sorts of categories because we've seen that with Led Zeppelin, all the acoustic stuff, and this, that and the other.
You'll find so many of the guitarists from the '60s will all say Lonnie Donegan was the influence.
That's one of the problems with the Zeppelin stuff. It sounds ridiculous on MP3. You can't hear what's there properly.
I've played guitar in so many different styles, and I want to revisit them all.
Because somebody plays guitar, why does it mean they need a singer? Because people already have this image of things? No, I'll put my music together, then think about whether I need to embellish it with a singer.
I play like I play. You hear it on 'Celebration Day.' It's pretty good for a one-night shot.
In the 1960s and into the '70s, everyone in their own way was trying to open up the musical horizon. There shouldn't be a wall that you're going toward and bouncing off.
Our intent with Led Zeppelin was not to get caught up in the singles' market, but to make albums where you could really flex your muscles - your musical intellect, if you like - and challenge yourself.
It's good to be in a position to know that I've inspired musicians, from what I've learned to lay down personally, and collectively with Led Zeppelin.
I'm not a guitar hero.
I can't think of a greater guitar icon than someone who has the musical intellect to change what was there before and take music in another direction. That's a guitar hero for me.
I've never mastered the guitar. Either I was playing it, or it was playing me; it depends how you look at it. As a kid, the only things I had to do was go to school, do my homework, and play guitar.
Led Zeppelin was a band that would change things around substantially each time it played... We were becoming tighter and tighter, to the point of telepathy.
I do not recall ever seeing Spirit perform live.
I consider descending chromatic lines and arpeggiated chords basic skills learned by any student of the guitar.
I can understand why we got bad reviews. We went right over people's heads. One album would follow another and would have nothing to do with what we'd done before. People didn't know what was going on.
Because we spent so much time in the States in the beginning, we weren't able to do so much in England. It was slower catching up. And we didn't have radio here like what was called underground radio over there. So we got these little slots on the BBC.
There is no point in putting out 'The Complete BBC Sessions,' and someone's growling that you missed something.
'Communication Breakdown' - it was punchy and direct, with a real attitude that was different to other bands going around.
With Led Zeppelin, it has always been that mystique of how the music is done - how it works, why it works.
The thing about Led Zeppelin was that it was always four musicians at the top of their game, but they could play like a band.
I'm not trying to be flippant here, but I just play the guitar, don't I? That is my characteristic, and it's my identity as you hear it.
Every album that I've attempted, I suppose, has been different - it's bound to be.
I really love playing live - it's such a gas.
Spirit is a band I really love.
I was excited about opening for Vanilla Fudge because I was a big fan of theirs.
I was always good at hearing complete arrangements in my head.
Having the facility to have this multitrack at home, I could try experiments with sort of all of the instruments, giving them different treatments so they didn't actually sound, necessarily, like the instrument itself.
Here's where it goes with Led Zeppelin. It didn't matter what was going on around us, because the character of Led Zeppelin's music was so strong.
I liked the Sex Pistols' music. I thought it was superb.
Nobody could have predicted the effect of John Bonham's drum introduction on 'Good Times, Bad Times,' because no matter what he'd played in before, he'd never had the chance to flex his muscles and play like John Bonham.
Zeppelin vinyl is quite revered in audiophile circles.
I wasn't a very good draughtsman.
