Spanish,Musician
I have a wonderful shelter, which is my family. I have a wonderful relationship with my brother and sister; this makes me feel that I know always where I belong.
I am extraordinarily lucky, I was born in a family of strong moral values, and in my life I was able to do what I liked best: debuts, great theatres, but above all, inner and deep satisfaction.
The happiest moment in my life? When my doctor told me I was completely cured of leukemia.
I love good food but I follow strict rules the days I perform.
People naturally want to know about what happened, about my leukemia. They ask the same questions again and again. And there have been so many positive conclusions, even through the bad times, that I don't mind at all to be reminded of my struggles.
It is not easy for me to sing consonants, and I am sorry if I don't sing the 'S'.
When you arrive at a certain level it's very easy to say yes: that is the moment to learn to say no.
At first we got along real well. Now... it's pretty much just a professional relationship.
I've always been a big fan of the American soul sound.
I can't see why we can't toss in a Junior Walker or Wilson Pickett number in every once in a while.
Italians have no sense of the dramatic.
Music isn't only a profession.
I've always said that music is like literature.
It's logical for us to sing, but not necessarily operatic pieces.
Yes, thanks to God... my life has a goal, much more important than my artistic activities, that is the struggle against Leukemia.
Yes, you must have the courage of being free.
Everybody, even me, sometimes had to compromise on something, doing things we know to be wrong, and this happens doing whatever job in the world. But a singer must have the courage of saying no.
I am always living very good moments.
Certain things give you another perspective in life.
It is important to be passionate, but it is also important to combine the heart and the head. I have made mistakes in both my private and professional lives.
Your real feelings are inside you.
I have great emotion every time I go on stage. Nothing in life gives me the same satisfaction that my profession gives me.
I carry on singing because I love it. The closer you are to the end, the more you understand how important it is.
The voice is like a man, like ourselves: we all feel melancholic about what we have lost, the things we could do when we were young. But having the possibility to still perform is wonderful. The voice loses elasticity as you age, but on the other hand, maybe you are more mature as an interpreter, maybe your approach to singing deepens.
Even out of severe difficulty, some positive things come.
I'm a very fortunate man. I have in life everything I could dream of.
