Canadian,Musician
Friends are the best to turn to when you're having a rough day.
I make mistakes growing up. I'm not perfect; I'm not a robot.
I'm crazy, I'm nuts. Just the way my brain works. I'm not normal. I think differently.
It's not me trying to act or pose in a certain way. It's a lifestyle - like a suaveness or a swag, per se.
Of course, I think that people are just waiting for that time when I make a mistake and they're gonna jump on it.... There's gonna be haters.
I'm looking forward to influencing others in a positive way. My message is you can do anything if you just put your mind to it.
Not trying to be arrogant, but if I walked down the street and a girl saw me, she might take a look back because maybe I'm good-looking, right?
You don't need to go to church to be a Christian. If you go to Taco Bell, that doesn't make you a taco.
I started singing about three years ago, I entered a local singing competition called Stratford Idol. The other people in the competition had been taking singing lessons and had vocal coaches. I wasn't taking it too seriously at the time, I would just sing around the house. I was only 12 and I got second place.
Now that I'm on top, everyone wants to bring me down. Everyone's trying to tug at me and take my spot.
Sometimes it's overwhelming but I love my fans and it's always great to see them.
As I get into it more, I want to grow as an artist, as an entertainer, and basically perfect my craft.
I know who I am and what I'm doing in my life and what I've accomplished and continue to accomplish as a performer, as a writer, as an artist, as a person, as a human being.
I think older people can appreciate my music because I really show my heart when I sing, and it's not corny. I think I can grow as an artist, and my fans will grow with me.
The Beliebers have done some pretty crazy stuff. Last week, the night before I was due to do a show in Germany, four girls went into a dumpster so they could sneak into the building. They climbed in and hid. When the guys working on the truck started getting the garbage they found them straight away. It was crazy.
I grew up in a really small town with not a lot of money, and I liked singing, but it was just something that was a hobby.
I'm happy with the man I'm becoming.
I got a bright future ahead of me.
I want my world to be fun.
No one can stop me.
Young people in the business have grown up and made the wrong decisions, or bad decisions, and haven't been good role models. To be someone that people look up to is important to me.
My mind is always racing.
When people see a negative thing about me on a magazine, they're gonna buy it. Every time some site writes something bad, all my followers go on there, and it brings them more traffic.
A lot of people who are religious, I think they get lost. They go to church just to go to church.
I'm really an animal guy. I express myself in different ways as an animal.
We're trying to set up a movie for me in the near future. It's going to be similar to the story of how I got discovered. Kinda like my own version of '8 Mile.'
