American,Musician
I've learned that you simply can't control those bad vibes.
The whole rise of new adult contemporary music and smooth jazz was a nice surprise.
I don't play the traditional Charlie Parker songs. But I do improvise and I do create with my instrument, and that to me is jazz. But there are people who use the word 'jazz' only in a traditional sense, and they would be offended by that, and that's fine.
It wasn't until Duotones that I felt my true voice come out.
The Moment is an album that contains the best music I have ever produced.
I'm responsive to my public, but I also follow my heart.
If I even lose my glasses or make a mistake. I become really disappointed in myself.
Any saxophone player will have those influences come through in their music in a very different way. I can listen to the same 10 sax players as someone else for my entire life, and we'll both play completely differently. That's the beauty of being a musician.
I approach everything in my life the same way; if it feels right, I know it.
What is music anyway? It's a form of communication, and that's why I play the kind of music that I think - that I hope - can communicate with people.
I mean, what is music anyway? It's a form of communication - at least for me it is. And that's why I play the kind of music that I think - that I hope - can communicate with people.
I started realizing that music is the one area where I've always let go. When that saxophone goes into my mouth, I get into a space where I never think about the notes I've already played or anticipate the notes ahead.
I really create everything I do from the heart.
Generally, I like Indian music because the melodies are usually not too complex, which is how I like music, and that's the way I write music.
Being a purely instrumental album, it makes a musical statement, not a religious one, and I hope that people can feel the emotion of the great melodies, even without the words.
I've never personally criticized anyone else's music, but I know that the public's real problem is not the music I make but the perception that I play simple music for money only and for the notoriety and to increase my popularity.
Just because people play songs with great technique doesn't mean the records are better.
I learned so much about playing and touring being on the road and in the studio with Jeff, but I'd always played a lot of gigs in Seattle even prior to joining the Fusion.
Finally, I was no longer a student and was making music for myself.
That's my ideal day, time with my boys.
When I play live, I feel how the audience is going and follow and lead at the same time.
I think everybody has to kind of decide what the word 'jazz' means to them, and that's fine.
Just figure out what you think jazz is, and then if it fits into that category, it's jazz, and if it doesn't, it isn't. It's no big deal.
I'm just more into playing golf. It's a great thing.
I listen to all the top 20 songs, and top 20 albums, even the rap albums. But I don't like negative messages. If somebody is putting a lot of ego out there, I don't like it. When I make my records I want it to be sincere.
Maybe I'm a dreamer, but I think the ordinary guy has just as much right to say 'This is a good song' as somebody who is in the music business.
