English,Musician
I didn't spend much time in America, which probably was a mistake. To someone else, having a number one in America would be enough to get them touring.
Performing, I can take it or leave it. Horticulture is far more challenging. I'm absolutely fascinated by it.
My life is so full of surprises, nothing surprises me any more.
My tears of love are a waste of time if I turn away.
People want performers, personality and drama, and you got that in the .
You need a bit more to be a pop star than just a good voice.
Real talent will get through whatever the obstacles.
The record company really pissed me off when they told me to lose weight. I couldn't be bothered with looking a certain way. So I left the business. I don't regret it.
I signed up for the musical Tommy in the West End, where I met my husband.
I got to show off in front of my husband, who married me as I was stepping out of the business, so he had no idea that I could strut my stuff on the stage.
Careers don't seem to be built up in the same way as they were in the 80s.
I still tune in to the radio and listen to pop music and enjoy it as much as I ever have.
I was very, very fortunate. I knew that. I've always known that.
Dad is my best mate and I can tell Mum absolutely anything. I really appreciate Mum and Dad. Why are we so close? Young parents, I think. The rock business keeps their minds young.
Sex does not exist for me at all. I haven't had a boyfriend for a long time. There were only three or four in my life up until now anyway.
My parents have a wonderful marriage, for many years. But I can't commit myself for such a long time.
When you're together with someone for some time, you will automatically depend on them as if they were a crutch. And then it ends.
My father has taught me all the tricks of the boys at an early age, which has made me very careful.
When I was 15, I was naive, looked like a grey mouse and felt second choice.
I do know what my family has done for me, but they do need to give me some space to let me be myself. There would be some things I would handle differently.
I want to conquer the world and it seems like my own family is putting a stop to that.
I don't take myself seriously any more. Sometimes I just garden in my knickers and platform shoes.
