American,Musician
I think the key to great art and great artists is to just fully be yourself and not be scared of that, and be the extremes of your personality. Show the extremes of your personality and embrace the imperfections. Embrace the things about yourself that you might not like.
I loved living with my parents - that's probably why I did it for so long. But it was almost too easy to live there. I had to force myself to get out, had to challenge myself. I had to start a new chapter.
I've got the best parents you could ever ask for. My parents are from New Jersey, and they met in Vermont in college. My Dad grew up listening to heavy, psychedelic music. He's my biggest fan.
You've gotta dive into the abyss if you wanna get anything good. Every record, you've gotta go down in the abyss and hope that you come out of it alive.
My dad took me and my brother to see Corrosion of Conformity. All I remember was that there was a dude swinging a chain in the mosh pit, and the bouncers were dragging him out.
I used to play video games all the time, but now I don't because I don't have an attention span.
I love Hanukkah because it's so weird. You just sit there and light candles and say spells.
Bob Saget is the bear from the Golden Crisp box.
That's always my downfall on tour: the food. I just want to eat everything.
I'm in East L.A., like Mount Washington, Highland Park. There's a little strip that they're gentrifying, trying to make a hip spot, but you go there, and it's just kind of barren. Nobody hangs out anywhere in L.A. There's no loitering in L.A., so I don't know what to do with myself.
I have a 15-passenger van, which is not fun to drive in L.A. ever.
I'm not a huge practicer, which is probably not a good thing because my band definitely needs to practice.
Every record has been very different, so I can't really compare them. The first record was good. I originally recorded about half the songs on that one in 2003 or something, and then I went back a few years later and re-recorded them and added some other songs.
I find it harder to write the lyrics afterwards because then you're just trying to fit them into something that's already there.
You do anything long enough, and somebody will end up paying attention to it.
I had just made this album called 'Mind Blow,' a CD-R release on Spirit of Orr. This was in 2003. Quite a few of the songs from 'Was Dead' were actually on that.
I knew there was something about 'Sun Medallion,' in particular, because I just had to record it the second I wrote it.
I like recording by myself wherever I can, just because then I feel like I have ultimate freedom, and I can just control whatever I want to put down. There's something about going into your own little world.
Over time, certain people don't want to go on tour, and that can easily break up a band.
I love collaborating with people, but I also really love working by myself.
I love dogs. I think dogs are way smarter. Maybe I can be the dog spokesman for the rock world. There are a lot of cat people making rock music.
Vermont will always be my home in my heart, but I really love L.A.
Both labels are super awesome, with super awesome people who want to get stuff done. The biggest difference is that Sub Pop is already established, but working with Burger seems like we're part of something. They're growing, and I'm growing with them. They're my friends, and we're doing it together.
I don't like science because I don't think it makes sense to put a definition on everything. It's a lot more exciting to think of things as mysterious.
My best moments are when I write songs out of nowhere.
I think the first person who kind of broke my mind was probably Jimi Hendrix. Listening to him opened my mind up to where you can take music and how far you can take rock n' roll.
