American,Musician
Paradise is exactly like where you are right now... only much, much better.
The world is a strange and wonderful place.
The problem with prototypes is they don't always work.
My secret dream is to write an epic poem. That's probably the most pretentious thing I've said.
Performance art is about joy, about making something that's so full of kind of a wild joy that you really can't put into words.
People only stutter at the beginning of the word. They're not afraid when they get to the end of the word. There's just regret.
I have written a lot about snakes. There's something pretty primordial about it.
I'm not usually where I think I am. It's kind of spooky.
It's just such a great miracle when things do work, and they work for such a wild variety of crazy reasons.
The fewer expectations you have, the better.
I think a lot of people in Washington are extremely suspicious of NASA.
At the School of Visual Arts in New York, you can get your degree in Net art, which is really a fantastic way of thinking of theater in new ways.
When love is gone, there's always justice. And when justice is gone, there's always force. And when force is gone, there's always Mom. Hi, Mom!
You can do great things with low-tech stuff.
You can do bigger and bigger things. For what?
Writers want to summarize: What does this mean? What did we learn from this? That's a very 19th-century way of thinking about art, because it assumes that it should make our lives better or teach us something.
Why do you have to translate and decode things? Just let the image be. It will have a special kind of reality that it won't once it's decoded.
The thing that's characteristic of my performance is that I literally do drag the whole studio onto the stage.
The only stuff I don't like are Broadway musicals. I hate them. I don't even like to talk about it. I can't bear musicals.
Something that has so much power must have life. Instruments have life.
People are really suffering these days. There's a lot of corporate triumph and a lot of personal despair as they wonder what are they working for.
One of the things I learned from working on the Olympics was, the world does not need another big multimedia show.
My work is more about trying to ask good questions and not trying to come up with big shows. Every fashion company is doing that, every car company is doing that.
My job is to make images and leave the decision-making and conclusion-drawing to other people.
It's good to take a longer view and think, What would I really like to do if I had no limitations whatsoever?
If there are bases on the moon, that would be the end of the moon as we know it.
