American,Musician
I'm living life as best I can - but I'm not exempt from failure and making bad choices.
The world when I was 13 wasn't truly driven by tabloid magazines and social media and reality shows. I was able to have a little more of a private life.
You can't break what's broken already.
Keep your sense of self; don't get caught up in what people want you to be.
I want to make my music and be a happy woman, a good wife, a good mom and one day hopefully have a child of my own.
I've worked very hard for everything I have and nothing has come easy.
Eddie and I are overwhelmed by the amount of lovely well wishes. We are blessed and.... I'm Mrs. Cibrian!
Online bullying has to stop.
I don't earn my money from trying to hurt people or get in the tabloids.
I'm not gonna apologize for who I am and what I've gone through.
Twitter can be great and very bad.
I needed to become something besides the star everybody had built me up to be.
Everyone gets criticized.
I have a great time touring.
It's tough to break into this business - now more so than ever.
Janis Joplin is definitely one of my biggest influences. She taught me how to feel music, and I don't think there's anyone like her that could bring such pain and emotion to a song.
I think singing traditional country is wonderful, because I'm bringing it to my generation and to the younger kids.
I am constantly working out-circuit training, jumping rope, and stair-stepping, and sticking to 1200 calories a day. It can't be something that you're doing to lose weight, and then once you do, you're done. I do it every day of my life.
What people don't understand is that it wasn't about Dean or Eddie, it was about whether or not I was in the right place.
Reba McEntire came through town when I lived in Texas. She had this amazing theatrical show with, like, 13 different wardrobe changes. I was eight and I was like, Wow, I wanna do that!
The funny thing is the songs that people think are about me probably aren't. And the songs that are probably are the ones they wouldn't think... so that's where it kind of is funny.
I was told when I was little I couldn't have an opinion because you want everyone to buy your record and like you.
I don't want to wake up and not truly be enjoying my life and these amazing things around me.
Sometimes when I look in the mirror, I see a child, then I look and see a woman who should be turning 60.
I've been in therapy my whole life.
I had some wonderful times in my 20s, but your 20s are hard.
