American,Musician
I'm blessed and I thank God for every day for everything that happens for me.
I like people that enjoy life, 'cause I do the same.
Don't make an opinion on me if you don't know nothin' about me.
I always believe that to be the best, you have to smell like the best, dress like the best, act like the best. When you throw your trash in the garbage can, it has to be better than anybody else who ever threw trash in the garbage can.
The more time you spend contemplating what you should have done... you lose valuable time planning what you can and will do.
I'm a gangster, and gangsters don't ask questions.
Don't judge me. You wanna judge me, put on a black gown and get a gavel. Get in line with the rest of them that's about to judge me. I got court dates every other month. It's me against the world - that's how I feel.
We're here to live. We're here to do, we're here to be.
I don't want to be understood because if people understand me, they get tired of me.
I'm an addict, I'm addicted to success. Thankfully, there's no rehab for success.
I look at things as 'Everything is meant to be.'
Life is a lot like skateboarding.
I'm not an example for how people should live their lives. Never in my life would I ever set out to be an example for people on how to live their lives. If you need an example for how to live, then you just shouldn't have been born. Straight up.
Trying to tear down the past prohibits you from building up your future.
I am very humble, and I am very gracious and very grateful for everything that happens to me and about me and around me.
Hate is only a form love that hasn't found a way to express itself logically.
As long as people remember me forever, that will be enough for me.
I don't like to stop. I believe you stop when you die.
I know it's an experience that I need to have if God's putting me through it.
I'm so greedy, I'm hungry, I'm young.
I believe music should reflect yourself in some way and not just yourself at the given time. I feel that when you die or when you're going, someone's supposed to listen to that music and know everything about you. And I just try to get that across.
Honestly, I don't listen to nobody else's music but my own. It's kind of like sports to me. You don't see Kobe Bryant at a LeBron James game - he just works on his own game. And that's what I do. I only listen to me, so I can criticize and analyze and all those things.
I've been criticized for the things I chose and things I've chosen to do.
You're either living or you're dead.
I am my city. Nobody from my city wants to hear about my city.
A lot of women don't know how to love because there's deep reasons for them not knowing how to love. And what I mean by deep reasons is deep and dark reasons.
I don't think nothing. I just do my work.
Miami has embraced me and I love them for that.
I'm always creative.
I always do my rap from the outside looking in. Like I do my rap as if I'm looking at me rap.
I love to work.
The most bizarre thing I've ever read about myself is that I was dead. That was kind of weird to read that I'm dead - mostly because I was reading it.
I watch ESPN all day long.
I always knew I couldn't sing, but I also knew I had a voice that isn't heard by many, and that I could learn how to stretch it and make songs sound good.
Everybody know, I don't do no promoting. I don't ever have to promote nothing, that's the beauty of Lil Wayne.
You supposed to be able to do anything in this world. That's what Martin Luther King told me.
I was still in school after I dropped my first solo album.
