American,Musician
I love stretching myself musically.
I wear clothes that most people in the Midwest would probably deem inappropriate at my age. And I rock a bikini all summer long. I know that it's not normal, but I just don't care. I live once.
Everything that people lob at you who don't know you, it all hurts. When you're doing something as simple as making music, which really, theoretically, shouldn't hurt anyone - I mean, it's a song! Step back for five seconds and laugh.
Composing gives me a chance to work in multiple dimensions and helps me pare down my melodies into what is essential. Learning new skills has always energized me and scoring has opened up a world of sonic possibilities.
I don't know what the future holds. Anything is possible.
It makes sense - you wanna gather a lot of people together, and Vegas really does that well. New York can, but you know the hassles. I've lived there. It's an entirely different beast.
You're really creative when you're in an environment that you don't know how to handle. So collaborating was like that for me. I think that was one of the reasons why I knew I was gonna get a challenging reaction.
Women artists need to break barriers in order for women's experience to be valuable.
When I use the Internet, it's pretty much strictly for music. Checking out other people's web sites, what's going on, listening to music. It's pretty much a musical thing for me.
The big news already broke. The file-sharing and all that stuff, it's a done deal. And I think figuring out how to make that a fair exchange for the people that make music is still an issue.
That's what music is to me. Like, stuff that I really like to play loud. And I've got my quiet CDs, too, that I listen to around the house, but if you can't go there, then... Everyone gets so upset with me, I can't win.
Now, in music, it seems more like the popular crowd suppresses anyone who is different.
My identity has everything to do with me and my instrument. It doesn't have to do with what production style I use, or how many people played on it, whether it's sparse or grandiose or whatever. And I'm social, frankly.
Like, I kind of developed my musical style in a vacuum. Even though I listen to a lot of stuff, the way I wrote was in my bedroom, really privately. It's still the way I write, actually.
It seems to me like the Internet allows you to break that structure a little bit. You know, here's your CD that's going into stores, here's your EP that you offer online, here's a subscription for songs you recorded on the road, here's your live stuff streaming.
I'm very cerebral. I like to think things through.
I'm really happy to be a mom, and I'm proud of the phase I'm in.
I'm competitive, so I don't like to feel marginalized by the people who sell a lot of records.
I think good art happens on that edge between comfortable and in a lot of pain, you know what I mean?
I probably had some impact, because everyone keeps telling me that I did. I like to feel like I'm coming out with something to try to make room for other young women to make their art.
I mean, I think about it, but I don't design my record to get a certain public response.
I mean, I kind of remember... I'm 36 now, so it's kind of hard for me to relate to what it was like when I was 25, or 24, but I do remember a period in time when that's how I defined who I was, by the music I listened to and the movies I went to.
I knew that collaborating on songwriting would be difficult for a lot of people, because I was known very much, for my independence and the fact that I wrote these quirky songs that were not typical structure, not typical sound - you know, really original stuff.
I just don't fit into the box.
I don't know; it just seemed like the cooler guys are playing Xbox. At least the ones I know.
I can't say I don't get nervous, but I really kind of enjoy performing now.
I am comfortable performing now. I love it!
I have that thrill-seeking mentality, so when people want to know why my incarnations keep changing, or why I'll do something different than I did before, it's that same impulse.
I always give the encore over to chaos, so people can yell out requests and I can hack my way through a song that I don't really know anymore.
I'm always champing at the bit to try everything new. It's a terrible quality that I have.
I was trying to break out of the suburbs, and when I did break out, I don't think I took my whole self with me - I think I played a role of being too cool and hip.
Guys don't really don't wanna hear if it's really smart, and women feel uncomfortable if you reveal stuff they're going to have to remember they did themselves.
There's nothing wrong at all with women wanting to be women.
Wearing a veneer of perfection never did me any good.
I don't know why it surprises people that I surprise them.
My career has been riddled with controversy, which I never fully understand.
It's about the journey and the process. I do things because I love doing them, or trying them.
All parents gush about what it's like to be a parent. I love it.
I think I write songs because of pent-up feelings.
I try to see interviewing as performance art, and just take it as it comes.
I ended up becoming so self-conscious that my songs stopped being about my life and started being about what people thought of my music. And that was really bad.
I don't have the same access or time to gain access to music the way I used to.
I've lost touch with a lot of that boutique-type music just because of my age, and raising my son and the multiple jobs I have at this point.
I'm just out of touch with new music in general, and I only know about it if I'm hanging out with someone that knows about it, or I catch it on YouTube.
I love scoring. Putting music to picture is a rewarding challenge and one that relies on interpretation of emotion - as in, what is the pivotal feeling in a scene and which character's point of view is driving it at any given moment?
When you love what you do, you're happy just doing it!
People hang their hopes on you fitting into their CD collection in way that they have made a space for, but I'm playing a longer game than that.
I don't like being approached by people who look at me too intensely, who needed something from me that I didn't have. I don't represent anything.
I am just like you and everyone else. I am trying to live my life as best I can.
Am I coasting on some early success? Yeah. It was a good lucky break for me. But I would rather earn my way back again than simply conform to what people are expecting.
