American,Musician
If you believe in God, He will open the windows of heaven and pour blessings upon you.
Faith and prayer are the vitamins of the soul; man cannot live in health without them.
God can make you anything you want to be, but you have to put everything in his hands.
Time is important to me because I want to sing long enough to leave a message. I'm used to singing in churches where nobody would dare stop me until the Lord arrives!
Blues are the songs of despair, but gospel songs are the songs of hope.
Baby, black promoters oppressed me before white promoters ever got hold of me. Don't talk skin to me.
I close my eyes when I sing so I can feel the song better.
Anybody singing the blues is in a deep pit yelling for help.
The old Devil gets mad when you're trying to do good. Pray that God will move the stumbling blocks.
Everybody needs somebody.
It is easy to be independent when you've got money. But to be independent when you haven't got a thing, that's the Lord's test.
Do you know most of the Jewish songs have the same trend of sadness as Negro spirituals?
Gospel music rhythms are not African in origin, although I know that's what the jazz experts say.
How can you sing of amazing grace and all God's wonders without using your hands?
I don't worry too much about the script, I just ad lib, like Pearl Bailey.
I hope to bring people to God with my songs.
I'll come to any benefit if I see SCLC get all the money.
If you want me to sing this Christmas song with the feeling and the meaning, you better see if you can locate that check.
Money just draws flies.
My hands, my feet, I throw my whole body to say all that is within me.
One thing about playing the real jazz is that you can't count it.
Put your mind on the gospel. And remember - there's one God for all.
Sometimes you ask God for something and you don't know what you're asking.
The Lord doesn't like us to be dead. Be alive. Sometimes I dance to the glory of the Lord, because He said so.
The mind and the voice by themselves are not sufficient.
The trouble with records is that they're too short.
