English,Musician
I don't think I've ever tried to be anything other than a weirdo.
It was so exciting to go to the record shop and buy a piece of vinyl and hold it, read the liner notes, look at the pictures. Even the smell of the vinyl.
I'm not particularly prolific.
I don't write poems and put them to music. Just let things flow.
I always hate explaining away songs, because for me they mean something, and for other people, they'll mean something absolutely different.
When people meet me I think they're surprised to find out I'm not always angst-ridden.
There haven't been many credible electronic covers records.
There are definite reference points to older Depeche Mode records.
The majority of the time I'm at home with my family, I play football three times a week.
Record covers helped me discover a lot of music that I wasn't aware of.
People are People still gets played to death on '80s stations. It was our first big break in America. It's not exactly my favorite song.
Our music over the years has been very cinematic. It's surprising we never really got into film soundtracks.
Once I'd chosen the songs, it seemed like it would just be a question then of recording them. But it's a case of trying to re-invent the songs; taking them in different directions.
Music is really all about experimentation and lots of trial and error. It's just mind-numbingly boring until you hit on something that works well.
It creates a conflict of interest - what songs would I use for me, and what would I use for the band.
I will be the focal point for however long I decide to play. Half of me likes that idea and half of me doesn't, but once the adrenaline kicks in, I'll probably really enjoy it.
I wasn't ever a massive David Essex fan, but I liked a few of his tracks, and Stardust was one of them.
I tend to like songs that are very emotional, that strike a chord with me emotionally.
I studied German at school. I lived in Berlin for two years and had a German girlfriend for five years, so I don't find speaking German particularly difficult. Singing was slightly more difficult.
I sit down and create atmospheres, start playing guitar or piano and just sing whatever comes out of my mouth.
I like their darkness but I also like the pop-side of the Velvet Underground.
I lead two totally separate lives. There are times when I have to slip into rock star mode.
I do a cover of a Velvet Underground song, and they were one of the most important bands, for me.
I didn't write songs for a very long time.
I didn't expect us to be around after 25 years.
Anything that I write comes from the soul.
