American,Musician
Faith that it's not always in your hands or things don't always go the way you planned, but you have to have faith that there is a plan for you, and you must follow your heart and believe in yourself no matter what.
I like the creativity of planning a party, or cooking and taking care of people, creating a memorable meal or event.
It's not the size of the house. It's how much love is inside.
I always thought it would have been fun to spend an evening with Patsy Cline - just because I think she was really fun and interesting. I think you'd have a really good time with her.
In any small town, sports are really important to the high school, and I wasn't very good at sports.
Why do we get so angry at ourselves when we eat foods we love? Do you think guys walk around going, 'I just ate a cheeseburger and I'm so mad at myself?'
I just love where I am right now in my career. I love country music. I don't ever feel restricted by the genre. I've been able to have a solid career that we've built one step at a time and a family. I know that I'm in a good place.
Honestly, I just have to do what's right for me, and what I would tell people is what I believe, which is that tolerance is very important.
I think we should all be tolerant of each other and embrace each others' strengths and differences and uniqueness and beauty.
My older brother was into Creedence Clearwater Revival and ZZ Top, and my sister was into pop radio. So somewhere along the line, I got into Ozzy Osbourne, REO Speedwagon, Heart, Pat Benetar, Journey.
That's the hardest thing about being a mom. You want to be cool, and you want them to like you all the time, but you can't always have that. You're gonna have times where you have to say no, and you won't be the most popular person in the house.
I really just tried to make a record full of great songs, which is the goal I always have.
I definitely feel a difference about my place in the industry. I feel like I have some longevity now.
I can't be the big star in the family. We have a family, and we are all equal.
A big part of who I am is just the way I was raised. Nobody is better than anyone else, and if you really work hard, you might get lucky and get what you want.
I feel like it's important to use this gift God gave me, my life and my career to do something to make the world a better place. It's an easy thing for me to do.
I am happy that women can relate to my songs, and hopefully men can too.
I find that putting my makeup on and playing with different looks is really relaxing for me before the show.
It means so much being a part of country music and the Opry.
I find that putting my make-up on and playing with different looks is really relaxing for me before the show. It kind of helps me make that transition from 'mommy' to 'performer,' or star or whatever you want to call it!
I love country music. I don't ever feel restricted by the genre.
I just love where I am right now in my career.
I was always into music. And none of my friends were really into music the same way I was. So it was just different. It was really not very well understood by most of my friends. They didn't tease me about it - they just didn't really relate.
At the beginning of every week, I like to sit down and figure out what I'm going to make. I probably try at least two new recipes a week. But I have my standbys - jambalaya, meatloaf and mashed potatoes.
Not only do I know how to milk a cow, but I know how to herd a bunch of cows, too, which is a life skill that I think may come in handy someday.
The thing about my fridge is, it's a family fridge, so there's a little of something everybody likes in there.
I have been fighting writing songs for a long time. People keep telling me I should write, and other writers have offered to write with me, and to be honest, it's not something I've ever really had a passion for - plus I wasn't sure I had the talent to do it!
I love producing! It's so much fun to start with a blank canvas and create the picture you want to create and see it all come together.
I don't really have any kind of rigorous or definite routine before I go onstage. I like to eat at least an hour or two before I go on. If I can't do that, I just wait until after. I try and drink lots of water before I go onstage.
If I walk out onstage and I get a warm, excited response, it makes me feel so confident and happy, and then it's so easy for me up there.
