American,Musician
Life is all about having a good time.
Pink isn't just a color, it's an attitude!
Anyone that hates on you is always below you, because they're just jealous of what you have.
A true friend is someone who is always there during the ups and downs, I actually have a song called 'True Friend'.
If you believe in yourself anything is possible.
God wants my life to be about being successful and being happy and blessing other people and being blessed.
I would say I'm a nice person, and I take pride in the fact that I treat everyone really well, so there's no reason for anyone to ever come at me because I only want the best for everybody else.
I never faked anything. I never played the Disney game of smiling and being a princess and then suddenly having a hard time, saying, 'That isn't who I really am.'
You can't live a positive life with a negative mind and if you have a positive outcome you have a positive income and just to have more positivity and just to kind of laugh it off.
I try to not work too many Sundays. At least on Sunday nights, I try to chill out a little bit. I call it Sunday Funday.
I don't want to be perfect, but I do want to be a role model. My mom always tells me that imperfections equal beauty. All of us are imperfect.
I am fully committed to Hannah Montana. It's what gave me this amazing opportunity to reach out to so many people. I'm really excited about our new season. We are making great new episodes that I can't wait for our fans to see and I'm looking forward to the 'Hannah Montana' movie that will be out in the spring.
I always say the minute I stop making mistakes is the minute I stop learning and I've definitely learned a lot.
I guess I kind of realized that my whole life isn't one giant press junket. I don't have to be smiling all the time and always have the perfect answer.
I need more friends. It's kind of like my quest right now just to have more true friends.
I come from this really small town near Nashville, Tennessee, where everything was la-di-da and normal.
I've got high standards when it comes to boys. As my dad says, all girls should! I'm from the South - Tennessee, to be exact - and down there, we're all about southern hospitality. I know that if I like a guy, he better be nice, and above all, my dad has to approve of him!
I get more anxious than nervous before a concert.
If I could get any animal it would be a dolphin. I want one so bad. Me and my mom went swimming with dolphins and I was like, 'How do we get one of those?' and she was like, 'You can't get a dolphin. What are you gonna do, like, put it in your pool?'
I know what I'm doing. I know I'm shocking you.
I just stick my tongue out because I hate smiling in pictures. It's so awkward. It looks so cheesy.
As soon as I step on that stage, nothing matters. I don't think of it as work. It's just so much fun.
Every career thing I do can't be perfect and sometimes my decisions are wrong.
I don't love kids.
I take a hiatus every now and again, but I'm not good at that.
Music is what I breathe, what I love to do. It keeps me alive.
There's nothing more fun than being out on stage and getting the vibe from the crowd. There's nothing like being on a set where you are there to make other people happy and to make them laugh. That's the best job in the world.
When preparing for a concert, I do lots of training. I work with a choreographer to create great moves and then I have to keep my voice strong with lessons.
With yourself, I think you have to decide the kind of person that you really want to be, and for me, it's just a sweet girl.
You don't have to go out and party every night. You can act because it's your dream.
People like controversy because that's what sells.
I love looking out at 27 semis and being like, every single one of those semi trucks is there to put together my stage.
I'm a bit of a tomboy.
I think I am a pretty good sister.
I hate being thought of as a product.
But I don't necessarily define my faith by going to church every Sunday.
Jesus is who saved me. He's what keeps me full and whole.
I've not taken like acting lessons or anything but it doesn't mean I don't need to because I'm sure I do.
I'm kind of bipolar in my acting choices because I just want to do a little bit of everything.
No matter how long what I'm doing here lasts, I want to be a songwriter for the rest of my life. I love it and it's my escape.
I love tube socks!
I don't keep secrets because I'm no good at them!
My dad, like, he's the most trusting human in the world.
I never had, like, a nanny that took care of me. My mom always fed me breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Some of the worst things that have happened in my career, like things getting leaked, have actually been what's best for me, because people knew when I was on that show that I was really growing up.
People are impressed with me - because I can sleep for just 45 minutes - I'm used to it.
