Indian,Musician
For an artiste like me, it was very difficult to focus on studies with a beautiful campus around me.
The one sure way of participating in the process of nation-building is to vote on the election day.
The great tradition of Delhi can be seen through its cuisine.
Being in smoggy Delhi was a gloomy feeling.
I had a lot of Bengali friends in Delhi. The bands there had Bengali musicians: for example, Indian Ocean. We use to have a good amount of adda and sing songs through the night.
I firmly believe the way forward for our nation is to have a robust democracy.
My wedding was a very private affair for close family and friends, so I had decided to hold a reception in my native town.
I always say a song is like a ship. Once it has been made, you let it sail. Let the waves take it in the direction it wants to.
I want to visit Moscow again and again in my life.
It's a great feeling to be appreciated by music lovers.
It never occurred to me that I'd be a musician. I was just drunk on music, jamming with friends, chilling out with lot of music around.
For Silk Route, my album 'Dooba Dooba' was a resounding success.
Who could think that children from the pockets of Himalaya sing folklore from Scotland and vice versa? Such an education in the initial years develops compassion and mutual respect for each other's skills.
I have a great liking for the Chamba folk music, which depicts the beauty of women and the mountains with a touch of Indian classical music.
Since I am an avid singer and a lot of my fans want to hear me sing, I thought it will be really nice to sing my songs online so that more people could watch me, and I thought digital is the best way to connect with everyone.
I do agree that when a singer sings all the songs for one actor in a film, the impact is much better.
I not only composed music for my albums but also for the film 'Main, Meri Patni Aur Woh.'
It is hard work composing a song for a film and showing it to makers: 50% of the tune remains the same, and the remaining 50% is changed to suit the script.
It is good to have competition because that helps you survive in the long run.
I did a lot of theatre.
I finished my university, was part of NSD, and did full length plays on stages.
If I get an offer, and I think there is something I can do, then I will think about it... I am ready to consider any film and TV acting offers, provided it is great.
The whole basis of conserving is not about nature - it is about people. If we don't look after the people surrounding the place, and if they don't have the value of preserving it in their pockets, then they are not going to preserve it.
My own experience suggests that where there is tourism, there are tigers. And that's the reality.
I have sung some great songs, and fortunately, all have gone to become hits.
I'm just fortunate to get to sing songs composed by such great musicians. It's a bonus that the songs have been received well.
'Fitoor,' in a way, signifies my journey through the years. It's a collection of 10 songs that I have written. It's basically about what I have been experiencing.
After Silk Route disbanded I came on my own, and through the years, I have sung a few film songs while writing songs for my album.
In 'Boondien' I worked with a band where everyone had their own instrument to play.
I am getting to work with some good musicians, artistes, and composers.
If I had planned to be a singer, I would have got trained. In fact, I was more into theatre and plays while growing up.
I was offered a jingle, and that led to another one, followed by composing music for documentaries. It got me in contact with other artistes on the scene. We would meet, jam up, and that's how Silk Route was formed.
I sang so many beautiful compositions, but 'Rockstar' was indeed magic.
The real deal is when you are friends with someone said since ninth standard or college days: the person who has been with you through your struggle and stayed with you through thick and thin.
Friendship formed in the glamour industry comes with mutual benefits, which is nice, but it is not the real deal.
Music has been an important part of my life.
I was making music simultaneously while studying B. Sc. and M. Sc.
In a way, Delhi has contributed in my journey to become a successful singer.
I grew up in the hills and studied in college in Himachal Pradesh.
I used to spend a lot of time dreaming and writing poetry.
I have always loved singing.
I would take my guitar to college and sit for hours in the hills humming to myself.
I am really thankful to the audiences that they have appreciated all my songs and I have managed to touch their soul.
I am completely attached to my roots, and therefore you will see a Pahadi touch in all my albums.
Marriage is definitely a very comforting feeling.
Classroom singing is common in India, but no one gives you marks for that. My idea is to introduce music and singing as full-fledged subject so that talent can be polished at an early stage. Also, it will help alleviate stage fear.
Music is part of our culture.
Though I did M.Sc. from Dharamshala, I was always attracted towards music.
I would love to compose for an entire film because it will be a different experience.
When you are travelling, there's romance, and there's music.
Delhi has played a pivotal role in my both personal and professional life.
I don't think Bollywood is my ultimate destination; I believe it's a part of my journey.
I don't see my singing for films as a transition from singing my own songs because I see it as part of the same picture.
For me, music is for the soul - no matter whether the song is composed by me or by someone else.
When I sing, I try to make the song my own and sing it my way because, in my mind, I am not following any school of thought. I just make myself free.
The power and reach of music should never be underestimated.
Be aware and hold the government accountable.
I love singing for films because there is a story to the song; it takes you down a new road.
Being in a band is like a small family. You travel together, make music, and share time with each other.
Kishore Kumar was multi-talented and original, so I really respect him.
Music has no borders, which is most important.
I started my journey with 'Dooba Dooba.'
I was born and brought up in Himalchal Pradesh, so I have bond with mountains and love being surrounded by them. So I love Nepal.
