English,Musician
I'm not interested in making money. It's just that with my talent, I'm cursed with it.
There's not enough good things in the world.
In business, you can have one massive success that earns $50 million overnight, and that's it. You're successful. End of story. But in the music business, you have to keep on doing it.
You've got to be strong enough for love. It's very easy to be cool and cynical. It's very difficult to just let yourself go and be in love. You've got to be strong enough for that.
Music is a thing that changes people's lives. It has the capacity to make young people's lives better.
American sports are quite masculine. And football - although it's still played by men all over the world - football compared to American football is quite feminine in its artistry. And there's no padding. It's America's loss, though.
When I was 16 I'd watch 'The Godfather,' but I didn't think, 'Right, I'm going to go down the barber's and get some protection money off him.'
Rock n' roll to me is all about freedom of thought and to be whatever you want to be.
You've just got to trust your instincts and realize that you can't please all the people all the time. You've got to please yourself ultimately in the end.
I don't dislike rappers or hip-hop or people who like it. I went to the Def Jam tour in Manchester in the '80s when rap was inspirational. Public Enemy were awesome. But it's all about status and bling now, and it doesn't say anything to me.
Oasis were the last great, traditional rock-n'-roll band. We came along before the Internet so, if you wanted to see us, you had to be there. It makes me feel like a righteous old man.
You have to make the effort with children. You can't have them thinking that I reckon I'm special, otherwise they'll start thinking they're special. I want them to feel normal for as long as possible because God knows they'll reach an age when they'll be told they're not.
I'm a happy-go-lucky character. I'm not that miserable. But I can never let anyone into my world.
I don't live to work; I work to live.
It's a sad state when more people retweet than buy records.
There's no reason, ever, to be late. Or early.
I've always been into guitars... we want to put keyboards on, but keyboard players don't look cool onstage, they just keep their heads down. There has never been a cool keyboard player, apart from Elton John.
To be quite honest, John Lennon had questionable politics. There was a flip side. He was all peace and love, but he was a very violent character.
I've grown to love California: It's the dream of every English musician to come here and work in the sunshine. To walk up Sunset Boulevard, knowing you're going to make music - that's it.
We're not arrogant, we just believe we're the best band in the world.
If I were in the Beatles, I'd be a good George Harrison.
Fame is something that is bestowed upon you because of success. Success is something you have to chase.
I have 3 kids and a cat and a busy, noisy house. I get more time to relax when I'm working.
You can't afford to think about what might have been. You just be aware of what is.
My first instinct when I write songs is not a negative one. It's something positive... Everything I've ever done has some form of hope in it, I think.
Every song that I play I wrote by myself.
We shouldn't need riot police at schools.
Making records should be fun.
When you're the cash cow that lays the golden goose egg, people are always going to cheer you on, whatever.
Women have nine months more experience than you do - nine months to prepare for being a parent.
I do think my old fella wasn't much of a... I don't remember him ever being a 'dad' dad. He was too busy working. It was a hard life, man.
I'm against people downloading music.
I love the Bee Gees, but only the pre-disco stuff. From '64 to '69, I've got all their albums.
I remember the '70s constantly being winter in Manchester and the Irish community in Manchester closing ranks because of the IRA bombings in Birmingham and Manchester, and you know the bin-workers' strike, all wrapped up in it... They were violent times. Violence at home and violence at football matches.
People say I seem very negative about new music - well, if somebody asks me what I think of Keane, I'll tell 'em. I don't like 'em. I'll obviously take it a step too far and grossly insult the keyboard player's mam or summat, but I'm afraid that's just me.
I don't like being on television when I'm playing live. I don't even like being on Jools Holland or any of them programs.
I'm a little bit of a control freak when it comes to my music, unfortunately.
Why is the rest of the world so overcrowded? Nobody lives in America! We're all squashed up on top of each other in London.
I've got my own style on the guitar, sure, and I play rhythm in a certain way, and I use certain inflections. People have said that to me, and I understand it.
Producers like to record all the drums first, then they do the bass, then all the guitars, so you're constantly moving from one song to another.
If I can give you any advice, it's this: every hour that you spend sat on the couch doing nothing, put it to good use, because when you have kids, an hour is like a lifetime.
Gone are the days when Virgin Records was owned by Richard Branson, a fan of music. Now they're all owned by some guy who bought it off some guy who bought it off some guy who wants a return on his investment.
Solo artists are generally totally insane. Elton John? Slightly eccentric. George Michael? He's mad as custard.
Frontmen come alive when they come onstage.
I'm not technically proficient enough to attempt all kinds of music.
I'm used to people being a mile away. That suits me. It's more nerve-wracking playing in front of people who are two feet away from me.
I go into Daunt Books in Marylebone every couple of weeks. My wife Sara demolishes books, but I only buy stuff occasionally. I like boys' things, spies and the Cold War.
I first came to London when I was 22 and working as a roadie. Having watched the 'News At Ten' all my life, I thought Big Ben was going to be massive, but I was underwhelmed.
You can't be a mod and a rocker. You have to choose sides.
Anything that's of any use, famous people get hold of it and take it for themselves and it gets a bad rap.
I don't think people need to know what colour socks I'm wearing today; I don't think people need to know what shower gel I'm using. There's too much information in the world, and there's no magic or mystery anymore.
I love the NFL. I don't have a team per se, but I'm into it.
What's problematic about playing stadiums and driving around in private jets and drinking champagne at 8 o'clock in the morning? What's wrong with that? I haven't got a problem with that. I can't fathom why people would.
You can't really write a full album about your missus. She'll start getting the wrong idea and start thinking I like her.
You can't put a load of rockstars up on a stage and expect to wipe out global poverty. That's ludicrous.
I like Chris Martin. I think he's a really great songwriter.
You'll find people who rib you about their age are petrified about getting old. It doesn't bother me.
Twenty years from now, will we listen to Lady Gaga? No. She might think she is making a stand for the freaks and the weirdos. But they're not going to have any decent music to play, are they?
You don't have to be great to be successful. Look at Phil Collins.
Rock stardom will die because nobody will make enough money any more to be rock stars.
For the record, I Iike Jay-Z. That's my opinion.
These fledgling democracies in the Middle East, they're actually fighting for their freedom. And what are they rioting for in England? Leisurewear.
My kids have got to work themselves around my life, not the other way. That's how kids become brats, if you're there staring at them all the time going, 'Are you alright?'
I don't much like 'Wonderwall,' but the effect that song has on people, I can't deny it.
Great music is in the ear of the beholder.
I can make going to the dry-cleaners last an entire day, and the dry cleaners might be 150 yards from my front door. You might find it hard to believe, but I am bone-idle lazy.
When I'm doing music and I'm on the road, I love it. But once I'm home, it's very difficult to go back out on the road.
My wife would say I'm not romantic at all, but I would say that I'm the ultimate romancer because I write about... life being brilliant.
There's nothing good on the news. You're not telling me CNN is all cats in trees, are you? Nothing can be that good if Piers Morgan is in it, you know what I mean?
