American,Musician
During my first photo shoot, I was unhappy because they put so much makeup on me and straightened my hair. I've been stubborn ever since.
A record is just a snapshot of where you are at any time.
It's true, there's a lot of melancholy in my music. I don't know why, I'm not a melancholy person. I've always been drawn to it. Ever since I was a kid, if I had an album I would play the ballads on repeat.
My mom and I have always been very close. She is my best friend. She had to make a lot of sacrifices early on in my life to make sure I got to do what I wanted to do.
I try to just make music that I love, and if I believe in it that's all that matters.
I don't want to be the next big anything. I just want to play for people and that's it.
Nobody was listening when I learned how to play music. But there's something about being on stage, talking to the audience, looking at them and smiling, that's always been difficult for me. I'm a lot more comfortable now, but there are still moments of awkwardness.
I'm a musician because I love it and it's supposed to be fun.
I'm ballsy. Well, sometimes I'm ballsy.
It's fun to peek into other people's worlds and see how they go about doing things.
I don't like shopping, and I like my clothes to be comfortable.
I'm not planning to jump off a bridge with no bungee.
Songs are about whatever you want them to be about. For me it might mean something completely different than what it means to you. So I'd say it's about whatever the listener thinks it's about.
Your limitations create your sound.
I think it's important for people who love music to retain physical CDs or even vinyl, because it sounds so great and so much warmer than music over the internet.
I don't actually have a lot of discipline. I've worked hard at music. But I feel like you know, I felt like kind of natural at it. I always had a knack for it.
A lot of pop people out there are cool, but they overdo it.
I don't try to sound like anyone but me anymore. If something is out of my element, I try to avoid it.
In college I had a weekend gig at a restaurant, a solo thing that was the best practice I could have ever had. That's where I learned to coordinate my singing and my piano playing.
Without a piano I don't know how to stand, don't know what to do with my hands.
God bless Ray Charles. It was such an honor to meet him and sing with him and actually just to watch him sing from just two feet away.
I got stood up by the letter Y, he was hanging around with his X.
I've always loved to read. But sometimes I go for a year without reading, because I forget to.
The coolest thing I've gotten to do in the past few years is guest star on Sesame Street.
The pop world is cool, but I never really thought of myself as part of it or wanting to be a part of it because I'm on a label that's not really like that. They're not trying to dress me up, they're not trying to do things like that. I feel like I'm sort of separate from that, actually.
You would never catch me in a miniskirt.
I like songs with a lot of heart and feeling and subtlety.
For me making music is part social, part interaction, part collaboration.
I've been told the weirdest things: 'Yeah, I love taking a bath to your music!' or 'I gave birth to my daughter while listening to your music.'
Success and the art of making music are two different things for me.
I just want to keep making music, recording and trying different things. I don't want to do the same thing all the time.
I'm always going to do that - record and make music.
On the first album I was saying, that's just one part of me. And then I was thinking, well, am I going to hide the rest of me now just because I'm afraid of something? No. I'm just going to be myself.
I love slow music.
I'm not a very dark person.
I used to be a jazz snob, believe it or not. I sort of turned my nose up at anything more commercial.
Breaking up is just hard, even if you're the one breaking up. It's not fun. It can be dramatic and complicated. And then you get a little distance and you think, why did it have to be so complicated and dramatic?
I don't want to be singing my diary.
I don't think it's a bad thing to share how you feel, especially if people can relate to it.
Nobody can tell you you're wrong for writing a song about how you feel - even if you don't really feel that way.
I always try to do something different. I don't think I've made the same record over and over.
People will read into what you say no matter what, so it doesn't matter to me.
I would love to make a real jazz album someday because I never have. But that's something I'm not in a rush to do.
Making records is fun. It's not some big statement. You're allowed to make mistakes.
There are absolutely no problems between me, my dad and my sister. Obviously I grew up with just my mum, but my relationship with my dad is just fine.
There was an enormous amount of pressure when my first album took off, and I struggled with the speed of everything and the exhaustion from the constant touring.
I genuinely don't feel that anything that's been written or said about me has overshadowed my music, and that's the most important thing as far as I'm concerned.
Sometimes when you're trying to do a record too close to home, you can get really distracted.
I could do without 'cool' publications calling me 'mom jazz.' But I laughed all the way to the bank, baby.
I didn't think it was fair to my music to label me as the daughter of somebody - I didn't think it described me very well and I didn't think it had anything to do with my music.
Maybe I'm genetically more inclined to music - but the music I make is so far removed from Indian classical music. I grew up in Texas!
I love my dad and we have a very good relationship now.
I love eggs so much. I feel like my day hasn't started until I've had eggs. I'm probably gonna die from high cholesterol!
I just want to make my music, and I want it to stand on its own.
Anyone can look pretty with hair and make-up.
I'm not a great piano player.
I like my life. I like my friends. I don't want to go anywhere else.
I should have a therapist. I have plenty to therapise about.
I really love things with melody.
I like records that flow really well and you don't have to skip around because there's lot of different jumps.
I hope there are some audiophiles still out there.
For a young artist to really make it and make money is a lot more difficult these days.
I had very modest expectations when I first moved to New York. I didn't even expect to get a record deal.
I think singing comes most naturally for me. Because it's part of your body - it's a natural thing. You can practice all you want but it's part of your body.
Songwriting is something I really need to work on. I don't have very many songs but I really love it. I would love to be a great song writer some day.
I'm very American.
I actually write more on guitar than I do on piano.
I feel like all the songs are little scenes, different angles, of the feelings that come around something ending.
