American,Musician
It is a great day anytime I can bring a smile to a girl or boy, knowing that I am helping to inspire them to always dream big.
One thing I look forward to is seeing new places and new people.
I really love scary movies, so I'm all about Halloween.
It's important to stand up to all forms of bullying, and it's even more important for those who are around you to be just as courageous and stand with you!
Each and every one of us is amazing in our own way. We have five beautiful women who exude talent, and I am blessed and honored to be one of those women. For me, the bottom line is it's all about respect and love, and I have both for Fifth Harmony.
It's all about believing in yourself and knowing your worth and being optimistic and really just loving yourself for who you are.
I think that a lot of the time, we get in our own heads and make up what other people are thinking, but no one actually cares about the thing you think they care about. You just gotta take that weight off your shoulders and be nice to yourself and be yourself. People will fall in love with who that is.
Honestly, you cannot go wrong with being yourself.
I've been through so much, especially coming from New Orleans where there was Hurricane Katrina in 2005. I had to pick up. We had to move, make new friends, and I think my family was just strong for me as well because we had to start completely over again.
It's really important to look at yourself in the mirror and have a conversation. Tell yourself you're beautiful every single day. Even if you're not feeling that great in an outfit, but you like how your hair looks, focus on that.
The only person holding you back is you.
I remember seeing my father shaving my mother's head in the bathroom after her chemo treatments; It was so traumatizing.
You can't allow someone's hate to dictate your life.
My mom is my hero, and I wouldn't be the woman I am today without her.
Cancer has touched my life and the lives of those I love, and now I'm ready to help all that I can in the fight.
Society tends to pin women against each other, but we need to treat each other with kindness and compliment one another instead. Because women's voices are the strongest when they're together.
When I get on stage, Beyonce is my alter ego. The way that she's Beyonce in real life and then Sasha Fierce on stage, I'm Normani in real life, and then I pretend to be Beyonce on stage. I just love that she's constantly reinventing herself but stays true to who she is as a person - and she wears so many hats in her life.
People think that celebrities are this untouchable thing, and they forget that we're people with emotions and feelings. They don't realize that it affects us when they comment on pictures on Instagram or Twitter, saying mean things, just as it would affect anybody.
I grew up dancing, so that was always my first dream. But I also have a passion for acting. I would love to step inside of a character and be somebody that I'm not, because I feel like it just gives me an outlet to express myself without being me.
It's hard for me to believe that the KKK still exists, especially knowing all my ancestors have been through. I feel like the history and meaning of all we have been through has been trashed.
I think it's all about people loving each other and having compassion, accepting one another and educating themselves.
For me it's hard, especially being a young African-American woman. My dad doesn't look like what you might call the 'safe' African-American male that America would accept, if you know what I mean.
It's impossible for five people to have the exact same ambitions all around.
Any relationship has its strengths and weakness.
The way I see it, my blood, sweat, and tears are not just for me; it's for Fifth Harmony as well. We have been blessed. Most groups have lead singers, but we don't.
I think there's a contrast between being vulnerable and, you know, 'Girl Power!' I think it's important to have that balance because you don't have to be strong all the time.
I love apple sauce. I have an addiction - I don't know what it is, but I just love the texture of it. It reminds me of baby food. Not that I like to eat baby food.
Ever since I was little, I looked up to Destiny's Child so much; I looked up to the Spice Girls and En Vogue. A piece of me wanted to be in a girl group.
I think that it's just about balance, keeping myself centered, and being happy and healthy.
I am so honored to be working with A Place Called Home as their ambassador to bring awareness to the incredible services and programs which benefits kids in the Los Angeles community.
Unfortunately, there is a lot of abuse and negativity online.
No one has the right to make where you go or what you do uncomfortable.
Together, we can put an end to the hate and promote only positivity and love.
Dancing is more than just moving body parts; it is a pathway of expressing your deepest inner thoughts.
When I dance, I escape the present and become one with my soul.
I put my all into performing so people can walk away knowing a bit more about me and feel the passion in my story.
I used to be really nervous to perform in front of people. I would cry.
I love Alicia Keys, Chris Brown, Usher, Mariah Carey... all that stuff.
We performed at the VMAs, which is crazy because we grew up watching that show and all of our inspirations and idols were there.
