Musician
I don't know what my path is yet. I'm just walking on it.
You never know what the future holds, so I am just enjoying being happy, healthy, and having my wonderful husband by my side.
I'm happy, and I think being happy keeps you looking young.
To me luxury is to be at home with my daughter, and the occasional massage doesn't hurt.
I love life and nothing intimidates me anymore.
Nature is the most beautiful thing we have. It's better than art because it's from the creator.
My memories are inside me - they're not things or a place - I can take them anywhere.
I feel very passionately that we need to take care of the planet and everything on it. Whether it's saving the Amazon or just being kind to those around you, we need to take care of each other and Mother Earth.
Being in love is the best thing in my life.
I am fortunate to have the ability to lend my name to build the Olivia Newton-John Cancer and Wellness Centre in my hometown of Melbourne. It will be a state-of-the-art facility to help heal the whole person - body, mind and spirit.
I love to design and remodel houses, from working with the contractors to picking the colours, materials, kitchen and bathroom accessories to finally what furniture goes where.
It feels really good to give back. I'm opening the Olivia Newton-John Cancer Wellness Centre in Australia.
I love that quiet time when nobody's up and the animals are all happy to see me.
I live every day to its fullest extent and I don't sweat the small stuff.
There's a rumor going around that I'm Miss Goody-two-shoes from Australia. Well, that's a laugh. I'm really Miss Goody-two-shoes from England!
There's a balance in my life. There's reality, and there's the part that looks really glamorous, but we're all just people in the end.
Eating disorders are usually nothing to do with food. Parents need to be with their child to see them through it. All the therapists in the world can't help if the parents aren't present, loving, and proactive.
I'm a very light sleeper. I get about six hours a night.
I've been through cancer, divorce, loss and bereavement, but they are things most humans go through.
'Grease' changed my life in the most amazing way, and I've had such an amazing life. When things go wrong, you've got to believe you will get through them and focus on the positive things in your life.
Family, nature and health all go together.
I simply have a marvellous life, a very lucky life.
The only weights I lift are my dogs.
Nothing I have done professionally will top the feeling I got when singing with John Farnham at the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney.
We print 37 million copies, and we found out about the unfortunate news as we were putting the issue to bed.
My cancer scare changed my life. I'm grateful for every new, healthy day I have. It has helped me prioritize my life.
