American,Musician
From 1962 to 1965, the guitar became this icon of youth culture, thanks mostly to the Beatles.
There are musicians who go through their lives sort of shedding their skins. For me, I've always felt backward-compatible to Version 1.0.
I used to love going and playing jam sessions, doing things spontaneously. I can't do that anymore. Everything you do is documented, nothing is casual anymore.
I'm always trying to find 'connections' between things. That art is the juxtaposition of a lot of things that seem unrelated but add up to something recognizable.
I would always contend that talent is an element, but over the long run, ultimately, a minor part of it all; it is mostly hard work.
Someone who knew me when I was 14 said I was the oldest 14-year-old on the planet. Now I'm a 14-year-old who is 60.
No two notes are ever the same volume. With the guitar, you really have to model in your mind this wider thing; you're trying to create the illusion of a bigger dynamic range.
I don't worry too much about the fundamentalist principles that are in almost any discussion about jazz.
I was deep in the zone of practicing almost constantly.
There are some musicians who are talented and see themselves as some kind of natural geniuses or something because of a certain amount of natural ability. But that is often rarely the case over the long term.
I love playing and working on music. It is something that I feel really lucky to be able to spend my life doing. And I don't sleep much!
I don't know if I would qualify as mainstream. I think I have managed to function pretty successfully on the fringes of the music world and have been able to play exactly what I have wanted the way I have wanted.
I hate the way chorus boxes sound.
I realized that equipment really had little to do with why I sound like the way I sound.
I saw A Hard Day's Night 12 or 13 times.
I think I have a basic sound aesthetic that is in most of what I do.
I think I represent a more left-wing view of what jazz is.
I was able to work with the best musicians in Kansas City starting when I was really young.
It's more about conception and touch and spirit and soul than whether my hardware was in place.
Jazz is not something that can be defined through blunt instruments. It is much more poetic than that.
Listening is the key to everything good in music.
My older brother Mike is an excellent trumpet player. By the time he was 12, he was playing around Kansas City in classical situations. He was already an amazing talent.
People sometimes say it takes a long time to become a jazz fan, but for me it took about five seconds.
The beauty of jazz is that it's malleable. People are addressing it to suit their own personalities.
The first thing I learned was the theme from Peter Gunn.
Whatever my recorded output is, it's a reflection of a general love of music.
