English,Musician
Having a bad haircut can be quite traumatic!
I know it sounds a bit corny, but I do think that beauty and sexiness come from within.
A lot of my childhood memories involve walking home in floods of tears. At that age, feeling unpopular is difficult to handle.
Be true to yourself and go with your instincts - don't be somebody you're not just to fit in.
I am really passionate about my career and my music and I am so lucky to be able to do what I do for a job, so for all the early morning starts and long days, I could never trade it all in.
I think having children is the most amazing thing.
I would love a bowl of Frosties, but I start the day with something healthier like a bowl of yoghurt or berries.
It's not what you wear it's how you wear it, is what I say.
When people recognise me they just kind of go 'Hi how are you,' really kind of cool you know.
I would love to work with someone like Kevin Spacey as he could pass on what I need to learn.
Songs like Reach and S Club Party are pop classics. I'm really proud that I had a part in them.
In S Club I played a role in a band, but now I can go off and be me - My horizon's wide open now. It's scary and it's daunting, but it's an absolute thrill. I feel brand new!
I'd love to break America, like all artists do. It's a lot of work but, you know, it's got to be done!
I think it's certainly natural to try new things as you grow up and get older!
I really do feel now that the way I dress onstage and for work is a true reflection of my own sense of style as well.
Being able to laugh is sexy in a man or woman.
I'm not normally the kind of person who holds on to grudges, I'm really not.
I never felt popular as a child and never had best friends.
Feeling comfortable in my own skin has never been easy for me.
I'm so programmed to getting up early that I like to make the most of the day.
I'm a cereal girl. I have always loved my cereal ever since I was a kid.
My personal trainer is an ex-dancer so we do a lot of ballet and jazz.
Oh. Yes. There. Is. A. Lot of pressure. As a solo singer. Absolutely.
I was always very determined and ambitious, and I knew I would do something that would let me travel and stuff, but I didn't know really know what I would do to get there.
I am quite a private person.
Of course it's fantastic to have bands formed in garages, but there is a market for other types of music.
