Australian,Musician
I'm not ashamed of showing my curves to the world. Bodies are beautiful when they're full and healthy and fit. I've always had curves and I'll always be proud of them.
Of course I treat myself every now and then. Once a month I might have pizza and red wine and maybe a dessert, but that's it.
I don't live my life seeking validation from people on social media.
I was born with confidence in myself and who I am. Even when I was a little kid, I felt that, and I carried it all through my years. I'm 26 now, and I'm still that person. I think every woman needs to have that self-love.
One day I looked in the mirror, and I wasn't happy. If you're not feeling good mentally, emotionally and physically, you're just a mess - and that's the point I felt like. It was a change in attitude and a shift in lifestyle. There's no crazy diet; I train six days a week, and I eat really well.
I see myself as a bit of a traveller. I am a workaholic.
Things don't weigh me down any more. I confront things, and I move on. I don't dwell on things; I don't let things simmer under the surface. I am where it starts and where it ends. I have the power in my life to be happy.
'Raining Diamonds' talks about knowing there's something better out there. You don't have to just settle.
I love my body because it's what I've been given. Being too thin is just as unhealthy as being obese.
Nothing that I've done has been conventional. I didn't go with a major label, I didn't sign up with the bigwig management that basically has everyone but doesn't have time for anyone. I didn't win 'Idol' - I was seventh. I don't do anything how everybody else does it.
As a little kid, I used to lock myself in my room and put on my Whitney Houston CD's and pretend to be her and try and hit every single note that she hit. I used to dream that one day that would be me.
There are a lot of artists that come and go very quickly, and I understand why just because someone has a No. 1 doesn't necessarily mean they should be up for best male or female categories. I understand that Aria are protecting the integrity of what Aria is, but I do think that pop music isn't recognised enough.
Australia is so entrenched in rock n'roll and bands, and that's just the way Australia is.
I think 'pop' can be a bit of a dirty word. People are very cool in Australia. They don't like to admit that they like pop. There are people who listen to Triple J and cool stuff like that, but commercial radio is massive, and if you look at the sales of the pop songs every week, people love pop music.
People like to put you in a little box, and that's where they are comfortable with you being.
People assume that a lot of pop artists don't write their songs. That, for me, is super frustrating because I think it detracts from some of the art and some of the craft of what we do. I'm at the helm of it, and I think that is what people don't see.
You can, of course, be a sexy, strong female and be a good role model.
I saw my aunties and my mum give up a part of themselves and their dreams to have kids. There were things they wanted to achieve in life, but they had kids instead.
I've been all different shapes and sizes in my lifetime. I started wearing shapewear as a teenager after I did 'Australian Idol.' I had a little tummy, and I was always really quite conscious of that.
It's about enhancing your body and accentuating your good areas. Shapewear isn't the ugly, embarrassing granny undies they used to be - they really are sexy.
I'm not the girl that sits at home on a Saturday night plaiting her girlfriend's hair, drinking tea and watching romantic comedies.
I'd been listening to some old '70s disco, soul stuff, and I thought, 'Let's go into the studio and do something different. Let's do something that's super unashamedly pop and fun and danceable.' 'Trouble' is what we did. It's something that wrote itself.
I definitely don't have any desire to have children.
I love kids, and I'm great with them, but I also love being able to give them back.
I feel liberated, empowered, inspired and motivated. Fear holds you back from achieving what you want in life.
I'm so proud to be a real woman, a size 14 woman on the cover of a magazine like 'Ralph.' Women's publications rarely put size 14 women on the cover, let alone men's, so I'm really honoured and proud to be on the cover and representing curvy, sexy women out there.
