American,Musician
I'm crazy and I don't pretend to be anything else.
I always believed that when you follow your heart or your gut, when you really follow the things that feel great to you, you can never lose, because settling is the worst feeling in the world.
I take risks because I get bored. And I get bored very easily.
When I see myself as an old woman, I just think about being happy. And hopefully, I'll still be fly.
I'm really looking forward to seeing what life brings to me.
If you don't live your life, then who will?
You don't want to live your life and then meet someone. You want to share your life with someone. That's what I'm missing right now.
When you realize who you live for, and who's important to please, a lot of people will actually start living. I am never going to get caught up in that. I'm gonna look back on my life and say that I enjoyed it - and I lived it for me.
I don't do things for the response or for the controversy. I just live my life.
You have to just accept your body. You may not love it all the way, but you just have to be comfortable with it, comfortable with knowing that that's your body.
People think, because we're young, we aren't complex, but that's not true. We deal with life and love and broken hearts in the same way a woman a few years older might.
I'm turned on by guys who are cultured. That'll keep me intrigued. They don't have to have a single degree, but they should speak other languages or know things about other parts of the world or history or certain artists or musicians. I like to be taught. I like to sit on that side of the table.
I drink a lot of coconut water. It balances out all the other toxic stuff I put into my body.
Over the holidays, and even during filming, I realized that I actually like my body, even if it's not perfect according to the book. I just feel sexy. For the first time, I don't want to get rid of the curves. I just want to tone it up. My body is comfortable, and it's not unhealthy, so I'm going to rock with it.
If I cry, it's because I'm very angry and I can't do anything about it because I've run into a dead end. That's when the tears would come down.
Everybody has their thing they like or don't like to see. It's all in your head. That's why people take their own pictures, because it's difficult for someone else to capture what you seek.
I could never identify with that word, 'weak.'
Making music is like shopping for me. Every song is like a new pair of shoes.
If someone is right for you, you'll know it.
Women feel empowered when they can do the things that are supposed to be only for men, you know? It breaks boundaries, it's liberating, and it's empowering when you feel like, 'Well, I can do that, too.'
All my favorite artists and fashion icons and models are from the Nineties. Everybody was just so fearless.
More than anything, I like a jacket. You can do anything with a great jacket, the bigger the better. You can have any silhouette underneath. It gives you an attitude. It makes a gown look cool.
People take the little bit of information they're fed, and they draw a picture of who you are. Most of the time, it's wrong.
At first, I didn't really use anything in the social network world. I was so anti-social network, which is kind of ironic. I actually first started on a chat room on my fan site.
I could never give relationship advice to anybody!
When I am putting looks together, I dare myself to make something work. I always look for the most interesting silhouette or something that's a little off, but I have to figure it out. I have to make it me. I think that's the thrill in fashion.
I want to give people a taste of the Caribbean, and show them the fun side of me.
I am happy and I'm single.
Even now I will go to, like, an industry event, and all the ladies will be over here and all the guys over here, and I will go to the guys' table and sit because I just feel I can have a much better conversation over there. And that's automatic; it's not prejudice.
I never know what day it is. Never, ever, ever.
My musical taste and image is going to change naturally. It's not forced; I do what comes natural to me. Sometimes, I like to be dark... other times, I like to be really light and ladylike.
When it comes to everybody else's thing and their lane and their timing, I'm never doing anything intentional to, like, come after somebody. That will always be my biggest mistake or anybody's biggest mistake if that's their intention.
It's easy to make an album full of great songs. But I want people to go for the ride. The songs have to make sense together.
It's every girl's dream to be a cover girl!
I like to be creative.
I love reading people. I really enjoy watching, observing, and being able to figure out a person, the reason they wore that dress, the reason they smell the way they do.
I have too many clothes, I have too many options.
I don't like cream puff, corny guys. Usually, they are the nice guys, the ones that won't hurt you. They'll pull out the chair for you and the whole nine yards. Everything is perfect and boring.
I love making music. That's what I love to do. So I don't feel like there's any need to take a break unless I want to.
My jewelry's all fake - from Claire's. Or I get it from my mom's boutique in Barbados.
Streaming is a really big market for me. We've been doing great in the streaming market, so it's not something I want to alienate at all. Streaming counts now. They're treating artists the way we deserve to be treated.
If you're performing music that is not who you are or where you're at, it is painful. It's painful for the performer and for the audience.
Steven Spielberg was my childhood hero.
I never eat salad. I make sure I don't put a lot of junk into my system, but I hate vegetables!
It is one thing to record an album but it's a huge difference when people play it and listen to it and embrace it the way that I do. It has always been my dream to get my music out to the world and have people hear it.
When I cut my hair, the whole sound changed, my style changed.
People - especially white people - they want me to be a role model just because of the life I lead. The things I say in my songs, they expect it of me.
I love music, and after my first experience with movies, I can't wait to do more.
I have such incredible experiences in my life.
I don't have anything to hide.
I'd love to date somebody cool, fun, funny.
I have a lot of other stuff to accomplish before I get to kids. Whenever the time is right, I'll just know. If I had a girl, she'd probably be really rebellious. She would be like a bundle of karma. I would love to bring them up in Barbados.
Honestly, I've been thinking lately about how boring I am. When I do get time to myself, I watch TV.
Oh my God - this is scary and sad all at the same time. I literally dream about buying my own groceries. Swear to God. Because it is something that is real and normal.
I used to feel unsafe right in the moment of an accomplishment - I felt the ground fall from under my feet because this could be the end. And even now, while everyone is celebrating, I'm on to the next thing. I don't want to get lost in this big cushion of success.
I'm not generally a sensitive person, but I tend to be more sensitive toward others and what they're going through. I don't know if that's the healthiest thing, but it's the truth.
The day I wake up without cellulite? Now that would be the perfect day.
I always wanted to do what my brothers were doing. I always wanted to play the games they played and play rough and wear pants and go outside.
The stylish kids on the street, they're the ones that set the trends. The designers see what they're doing and go and design their line and sell it back to the same kids, and it's like, why not go directly to the source?
Whatever I'm feeling, whatever I'm going through, whatever mood I'm in... If I'm feeling like dancing or clubbing, then it will be reflected in the music. If I'm feeling dark and vulnerable, then it will reflect in the music, too.
When I won the first Grammy, there was no other feeling like that feeling. It just made me feel like I came so far, like that was just a dream a few years before that, and then it was happening right then.
I find that when I get on stage now, I don't want to perform a lot of my songs because they don't feel like me. So I want to make songs that are timeless.
I have two main hair people I work with. They're always with me. I'm like, 'I'm bored! I wanna change my hair!' That's the good thing about a weave. You can do whatever with it.
I love singing. I love it, and it doesn't feel like a chore. It's an expression.
My body is weird. I wake up when the sun comes up, and it's hard for me to go to sleep. My thoughts just take over.
I think love is one of the purest things you can sing about. One of the best things you can sing about.
I just love working with Eminem. He's just one of my favorite rappers, and his lyrics - he's a true poet, and I enjoy that about him.
