English,Musician
Every so often you have to increase your profile so you can let it lower again, like a balloon.
After Nashville sushi and a long debate on Bob Dylan, we went into Woodland Studios at 10 pm that night for a look around, and jammed for 5 hours solid.
If people were really naked and everyone knew what each other was thinking, everyone would probably just laugh... or they'd lock each other up.
In this world of doubt, one thing is certain for me; that I will go on writing songs up to and - I hope, through heavenly means or diabolical - beyond the day I die.
Everything is a reaction.
We have a need to be religious, we need to worship, we need to build totems and shrines and icons, but nobody's sure in honor of what.
Everyone has a right to change their consciousness, but ultimately the whole process is misleading.
Promoting a record on a major label is like running a minor military campaign.
One of the ideas behind doing this acoustic record is that I didn't want to have to produce it by committee.
Playing acoustic and line drawings are the two things I'm most competent at.
Using the word weird implies that there is a norm.
If you do things out of time you're weird.
As soon as a norm is established, people start questioning it, which is probably a good thing in the end.
You can't censor people's dreams.
I thin many people's deviant behavior starts with dreams because dreams are so non-linear... as if there's an assumption that everything has to be linear or has to be plotted.
As soon as someone like me or David Lynch pops up everyone says hallelujah, how weird.
Dreams are a scientific fact.
I was always jealous of something getting more attention.
You realize that the first Bryan Ferry album was pretty good although at the time it seemed a bit cheesy.
I can tell how I'm doing, and I can tell if the crowd is particularly dead.
People's intelligence tends to be in inverse proportion to their number. People don't tend to get smarter as they get into bigger groups.
The Beatles were something everyone had in common; this was thirty years ago, there was Dr. Who and everybody knew who the Daleks were and there was The Beatles and everybody knew who George Harrison was.
So whenever I hear The Beatles I always feel I've got a lot in common with everybody else.
When you think about great teams, The Beatles and the Pythons immediately spring to mind. The Pythons were as much a part of their time as The Beatles.
I was buying Bob Dylan mainly, everything I could get hold of by him.
After the Soft Boys I just didn't want to work with any more guitarists.
