American,Musician
Family always gonna be there. The material things, they come and go.
I'm a workaholic, and a lot of girls don't know how to deal with a workaholic.
My biggest turn-off is if a woman doesn't have a real passion for something... and bad breath!
I feel nobody has limits. It's all in your head. If you have a big dream, go after it and go get it.
Anytime you're playing basketball, and you have a coach who you have to respect, you've got to be very disciplined.
People don't understand being a child star is very hard because first off, to be a child star, you have to be very unique. These kids are talented to be able to do it at such a young age. At the same time, you go through the pressures of bullying and a lot of people not understanding.
I didn't even dance at my high school prom, and I have turned down so many movie roles because I didn't know how to dance.
People see my body and ask me what I do to work out. I play a lot of basketball, so I'm constantly dribbling and running up the court. I take a basketball with me everywhere I go!
I used to see my dad and his brothers rhyming, and I knew I wanted to do that one day. I'm like any other boy, always wanting to follow in his father's footsteps.
If Romeo can do 'Dancing with the Stars,' anything is possible.
When I was playing college basketball, I had to work out every day; it benefited me physically.
I feel like my biggest competition is myself. A lot of kids get caught up in the comparing game - comparing themselves with Michael Jackson, comparing themselves with Michael Jordan. You gotta be your best. You gotta overcome your own fears.
I went to a regular school... education kept me sane.
I love a smart girl and a girl who loves her family!
With technology you can now be your own record company, director, producer, etc. If you have talent, you can display it on the Internet and the world will tell you their thoughts in the matter of seconds!
Girls that I use to try to talk to, now they want to talk to me.
I love somebody that can hold a great conversation.
I love a smart, educated woman.
I'm one of those people - I really feel that you can't go lookin' for love, love will come to you.
When you're raising a little kid, you tell that kid to go after their goals and their dreams. And you tell them to work as hard as anybody.
Money never made me.
My dad always taught me if I have my education, anything is possible.
I feel that a lot of sexy people never say that they are sexy.
You can't worry about looks. It's about the inside at the end of the day because we're all going to get old and gray one day.
'Dancing with The Stars' is like learning a new sport with lots of bumps and bruises.
Being the son of a father who works so hard, I always wanted to be able take a lot of load off of my dad so he can just relax.
