English,Musician
I'm a diplomat by nature. I help find the middle ground. I crack a joke and use humour to help resolve potentially vicious situations quickly. It gets things in perspective and helps everyone to see that things aren't as bad as they seem.
I am a big fan of the Impressionists, and in my school days, I was inspired by Caravaggio, Velazquez and Rembrandt.
I used to worry, 'I've lost my family.' They hated me for a while, but they're very resilient.
The blues echoes right through into soul, R&B and hip hop. It's part of the make-up of modern music. You can't turn your back on the blues.
I'm more lost when I'm not on tour. I'm in a bit of a muddle at nine o'clock - 'Where's the stage?' On tour, there are people directing and supervising you.
Regina Spektor is great. I can't wait to see what more she's capable of.
I'm still digging long-established bands like U2 - they're new to me!
Nowadays you can record on your laptop with Pro Tools, which I do quite often.
I have been rich, and I have been broke. Some of it is my fault for choosing bad management and making bad investments. But that is life - we all take risks.
I love to get into a landscape and paint my horses.
I still feel 29. Maybe I should act my age more, but I just can't.
All my life there's always been an ex-wife or a girlfriend.
Most white Americans only discovered the blues with the British invasion.
We do things on an exchange basis in the music business - it keeps the wheels turning. That's how I can get people like Slash, Flea and Kris Kristofferson on my album. Collaboration should be done through trades rather than charging each other a fortune.
Songs are out there - they're waiting to be grabbed. I start with a phrase, musical and lyrical, words like 'I don't think so' and a nice riff. It rolls from there.
I tried to emulate my favourite guitar players, the old bluesmen like Blind Willie McTell and Big Bill Broonzy. I used to sit by the record player and copy Chuck Berry and the Beatles. You can never copy someone completely, so you end up developing your own style.
I think people are 'just creative,' and this can be expressed in a number of ways. Bob Dylan and David Bowie create both music and art.
I had a fiery affair with George Harrison's wife, Pattie Boyd.
Amazing, the poisons I used to put in my body. I used to love it.
It's good fun, making a solo album, because there's perhaps songs that wouldn't get used for the Stones or any other kind of outfit that I'm working with. It's just nice to be the boss.
I've always thrived on getting a drive from different emotional circumstances that I'm going through.
When I get intimate with my paintings, it's a real good spiritual thing to get off my chest. Same as playing the instruments is a great release.
During the Eighties, when I was hurting for money, I thought, 'Hang on a minute - I can paint.' I was living in New York and I thought it would get the grocery money coming in, and it escalated from there.
I have a life coach out with me on tour, a very nice guy from L.A. He just prepares me for each day.
All my family back to the 1700s were water Gypsies. My brothers and me, we were the first ones to be born on dry land. All the rest of them were born on barges in the canals.
It's an awful world out there. You've got to make people happy.
