Panamanian,Musician
The first time I played was in Buenos Aires - was in 1983. The dictatorship was in position.
I think we risk becoming the best informed society that has ever died of ignorance.
I didn't do drugs, I never did do drugs. Never. I don't have any story of drugs, you know, to speak of. Never did drugs, never was interested in drugs and then I wasn't interested in the people around the drugs.
There's something about the tango that brings even more emotion out of the lyrics.
What is interesting in this is the exchange of music that occurred between New Orleans and Cuba, I mean, they had ferries that would go from one port to another.
So that I saw music as a way of documenting realities from the urban cities of Latin America.
A lot of times you're just conditioned by what's around you.
I was born in Panama, the Republic of Panama, on July 16, 1948 in Panama City, in an area called San Felipe.
Anywhere you had a commerce center, you had a lot of music.
I was a kid, and I remember my mother singing. She was also a radio soap opera actress, but my mother sang.
There was no television, so the radio provided you with everything.
And music was a very important part of our lives. The radio was on all day.
Rock is young music, it is youth oriented. It just speaks for a generation.
But, when I was about thirteen, I began to sort of sing in my neighborhood.
It's almost as if people think that in Latin America we're not hip to what's happening here.
So everything that ever happened, we knew about in Panama.
Yes, I was going to law school and it was closed in '69.
And, he'd seen me in Panama, and he talked about maybe doing something in New York so I hooked it up when I came here and I recorded in 1969 my first album with Pete Rodriguez.
So that when I came to New York again, it was, I'm not too sure right now, but it was '74 or '75. I went to Miami in '74 and then I came to New York, I think, at the end of '74.
So that when I came from Panama... my family was exiled in 1973 and they went to Miami.
So that in 1974, when I graduated as a lawyer, I figured I'm not going to be a lawyer under a military regime.
It doesn't make sense for me to be a lawyer in a place where there is no law.
So I went to Miami in '74 with my family and while I was there it became obvious that we needed money and we needed to do something, because my family, we left without anything really, and we didn't have any money to begin with.
What I do not accept is the fact that so many people's talents were ripped off.
They're making a ton of money, and no one is getting a nickel.
In those days the big U.S. labels didn't have any particular interest in the Latin market.
