American,Musician
The key to me is being different not for the sake of being different, but being the most authentic version of what you do. And definitely it takes a willingness to be different, because there was resistance for me early on, and I feel like that's usually the case when there's a certain paradigm or trend happening, and you step outside of that.
I like disagreement because it forces both sides to question their own opinions and why they feel that way.
It's good to be proud of your heritage and your culture, but pride can be perverted.
On my teams, as a guy who grew up hunting and fishing, I was in the minority in terms of music and lifestyle. I became good friends with people who listened to R&B and rap. But it wasn't just an issue of being around it - I was naturally drawn to it right off the bat.
I'm conflicted about the lyric tattoo thing. I feel like that's a lifetime decision, and I always feel like, 'I hope you don't regret this a couple years from now when you get tired of that song.'
I do think I'm country, but your definition of that word might be different from my definition. In my opinion, country music, the sound of country, has always evolved. But the one thing that has not changed is the story element. And I think country songs are truthful songs about life written by country people.
Picking up a guitar brought a lot of balance into my life.
New experiences give you new perspectives on life.
I have two or three guys that I'm really close to. We have a great friendship, and I think that helps our songwriting relationship. It's hard to start... with new people and cover the ground that I've covered with those guys.
I don't like the idea that in music, clothes, taste or anything, we are limited to a certain style, because we need to maintain an identity, maybe between some subculture group. Hopefully, all those walls break down, and music is just music.
I was able to really see that connection as a football player where success requires a lot of hard work and effort, physically and mentally.
Some people don't like long bus rides, but I love them. There's sort of a sense of solitude.
Within the songwriting community, there are these unwritten rules for the way that a song should be written in country music, and I think that those rules are constantly being broken over the years, and the molds change and the process is evolving.
Sometimes I'm not even aware of some of the issues going on with me in my life until I sit down and start kind of looking for inspiration, trying to find something that inspires that creativity.
We try not to pull any punches and be straightforward, and I think that's what helped us connect with everybody across the board.
I try to stay as naive as possible so I'm not as aware as much of the risks.
I love being outside, I do a lot of hunting.
It's liberating to wear clothes that are outside the boundaries of what I'm supposed to wear, ya know, based on the traditional model, whether that be a country music singer, or being from the country. It's not a rebellious thing.
After graduating college, I was coming out of a routine I'd been in for several years, all the way back to high school. It was a year-round process of constantly having to work and be disciplined, and I was able to understand and connect the dots between all those characteristics - especially hard work and success.
I played quarterback, and it was a leadership position, and even though I'm doing a solo thing now, a lot of my success is a part of assembling this team of people who are really, really talented, and their position doesn't put them out front the way mine does, but it's still a team effort.
Maybe one day music will just be music, and there won't be these categories; it'll just be different shades of music.
I wrote a song several years ago while I was in college called 'Muscadine Wine.' I really didn't know if it had potential or not, if it was good or bad or what. I played it for my roommates - who I played ball with - one night, and I knew they would tell me the truth. They loved it, and that encouraged me.
People sniff out when you try to fake something or be something you are not.
People throw things at me sometimes, at big festivals.
There wasn't really a song or artist that made me want to be a singer, I think I was always a fan of country music.
I kind of have my little OCD wood shed at my house where everything is just right when I go write.
I study what's happening in music. I want to sound different than everybody else.
My golf game is lacking big time.
I have a whole, whole lot of respect for the men and women that serve our country.
There's not a day goes by that I don't appreciate the freedom that I have to make music and tour and spend time with my family.
Any chance to get out and play live for some people and get out of the studio is nice.
Respect for women was a very important part of my upbringing.
To all my people back in Nashville who have been there from the start, you put your faith in me. You were there for the long haul.
I am from the country, and I grew up mostly influenced by country music.
I experimented and explored ways to find my own niche in Nashville, and I was having trouble with it for a while because stylistically, I didn't feel like I necessarily fit in.
Whatever's going on in my life shows up in the writing room.
The things that are going to be in all my records, for as long as I'm making them, are going to go back to who I am and where I'm from and the lifestyle that I live and come from - and I don't know how I could ever get any of that close enough to pop to be considered a pop act.
I get the best inspiration or the most creativity from real emotions.
I've always really liked the rhythm element of songs.
I got a horse when I was eight or 10 years old. And dad used to take me to the rodeo back home. I got into it big time.
I wanted to be a bull rider when I grew up.
When I was really young, my babysitters had horses, and I started riding them.
I wish I could make multiple records, stylistically. The way that I'm gonna remedy that is to make a diverse record with a lot of different styles on one record.
I love so many styles of music.
I'm not really a piano player, but I play enough to get away with it.
At heart, I'm a relationship guy, but my adventurous side makes it hard. I hope I'll find a balance.
My dad is a football guy, not a music guy. He didn't totally understand when I decided to be a musician.
In a small town, it's either sports or a band with your buddies. I was always athletic. But in college, I was exposed to all this new music, and I was drawn to hip-hop and R&B.
I love what Drake does, but I don't want to be called the Drake of country.
Fortunately, the music from the first record really connected with people, and I was really proud of that.
There's this sort of model that exists in Nashville that we think we have to abide by: You put out a record, and in two years you have to put out another one and have three or four singles. There are all these rules that I've just sort of thrown out the window.
I'm going to put music out when I feel like it's ready.
I was a product of the relationships with my family, the environment I grew up in; all those things I kind of put on the back burner when I got into music, and my life all changed dramatically.
As much as I enjoy traveling and playing on stage as an artist, I really find my true sense of purpose in a room writing a song.
I realized after writing songs for years how important it is. Whether it provides a living for me or not, that creative outlet is something I need.
I really feel like I honed in on a sound and a style of writing that best fits me.
I like doing stuff like, for instance, in the 'Leave the Night On' video, I had on a plain white T-shirt. I just wanted to do something to it to make it a little different, so I just cut a big strip out of the side, from the shirttail up to my armpit, and cut a big red strip out of another T-shirt and just sewed it in there.
I definitely grew up as a small-town... I guess you could call it the 'small-town football player,' according to the stereotype. I wasn't involved in music at all.
Traditionally, music has been a means of separating ourselves as people from another group of people.
The most flattering thing I hear is, 'I didn't think I liked country music before I heard your record.'
A lot of times, songs can blend together on the radio because there's so many great songs out there.
I wasn't intentionally trying to be different, but that was an element of what I naturally do that happened to be unique enough to spark a curiosity for people.
I don't let many things that are superficial keep me in a box.
I learned from making a few of these low-budget videos early on that the best way to go about doing it is just to keep it honest and real.
It's just really fulfilling to celebrate with a group of folks, a team, than it is personally.
The first song I learned on the guitar was a Kenny Chesney song called 'What I Need to Do'; it was just an easy song to play... and it was really cool to see that come full-circle a few years later and have him record a song that I was part of.
I try to make music that's relevant to my life and relatable to the culture I live in.
Putting out music as it's made, versus holding it until an album's finished, allows me to be more timely and maintain balance.
I do feel pressure internally and externally to put out music, but that excites me because I love songwriting, and this brings me back to why I got in music in the first place, so I'm excited about that.
Prior to getting into music, I interacted with, on a daily basis, about 5-10 percent of the people that I've interacted with since then. I've been meeting people from different backgrounds and different cultures. That did allow for a lot of change. I've changed as a product of that, but it's been positive.
I grew up really close to Alabama, about 10 minutes from the Alabama line. We'd make trips to Alabama, and I feel at home there.
Folks in Alabama seem like folks in Georgia to me. I feel like you can just about combine the two.
Obviously, I love country music, so I wanna be able to live in the country music genre and then play to country music fans.
From the pop side, people like Usher, and when they first came out, I listened to guys like K-Ci and JoJo; that '90s R&B thing really caught my ear.
Shane McAnally is a really good friend of mine. He's one of the first guys that really embraced what I was doing with an open mind.
I didn't know what to expect, having not been an artist before. From the outside, you only see romantic snapshots of what seems like a great lifestyle, and it is, but it's also grueling.
There's such a strong community element in country - it's like a family. So I don't want to do anything that can come off, even if I'm not intentionally doing it, as giving the perception that I'm trying to abandon that family.
There's a system in place in Nashville, and for a long time, I was trapped in this idea that the only way to do it was to come to town, get a record deal, and do it the way they say. And that system works. But it caters to a specific kind of artist, and I didn't necessarily fit that mold.
You think about the artists I look at as icons, and you assume they were instantly embraced. That's usually not the case. In reality, they had to overcome a lot of noes to get where they wanted to be.
To me, country songs are simple.
I didn't really know you could make a living in songwriting. I was just very fortunate to have the opportunity to play a few songs for a guy there named Jimmy Ritchey. Through that meeting, I met another couple guys and ended up getting a publishing deal in Nashville.
I have a cat named Dandelion.
I've always wanted to do my best to make sure it's clear that I want to keep the focus on my music.
I could probably recite just about every song that was on country radio between 1990 and 2000.
I worked at a hospital parking cars and getting folks in and out of the hospital as they would come in for their appointments.
I've always craved winning. It's just easier in sports because there's a scoreboard.
I had a couple CDs. But I never had that first concert experience, that first record thing.
I've tried to work really hard on never phoning in the lyrics.
I'm not in control of my fate, and that's a good thing.
It wasn't in the cards to work out in football.
I still get excited about it. I miss playing ball.
I can't play guitar if I blow my arm out.
I am kind of the front man for a team of people behind the scenes who are working just as hard as me and are putting in just as much time to make this all happen. I'm not trying to be humble. I just want everyone to get credit where credit is due.
I never thought of myself as a performer or songwriter or singer.
I thought that I could have a career in music. I really didn't know exactly what I wanted to do or how I would go about doing it.
I don't think I'm conscious of most of the things I've drawn from football, because they're so ingrained in me now... understanding that the discipline and the routine and the regimentation to be successful.
'Make You Miss Me' is an important song to me. Having it go No. 1 as the fifth single off of my first record is the cherry on top of a chapter in my life I'll never forget.
I don't really know that I'm aware of a lot of the inspiration and influence that I'm under, because I didn't have an extensive musically educational upbringing.
I was really only around country music on the radio, and I think because I grew up so close to Atlanta, and R&B was such a big part of that culture, by proximity I think a lot of that music influenced me without knowing it.
I love all kinds of music, and I would write really traditional country songs and songs that were just really out there, that didn't sound country at all, and everything in between.
I connect music to the emotions that come from relationships, so most of the songs that I write are inspired by those circumstances, emotions, feelings, all that kind of stuff.
With a song called 'House Party,' you'd expect it to be more about a big party, not as much about a relationship, so we tried to put a little bit of a unique twist on it.
My style, in terms of what I wear, is kind of representative of the music.
Once it's out there in the universe, it's serving its purpose, and I'm proud to have other folks hear the music that I was a part of making.
