American,Musician
I would never intentionally want to hurt someone's feelings.
I feel like my songs are like diary entries for me. So I usually write about things that have happened to me specifically or sometimes it can be someone who's close to me.
I used to sing songs from musicals all the time as a kid.
I'm writing about emotions.
The women in my family are all super-emotional. The catchphrase in our family is 'Listen to my words, not my tears.'
I was a fat girl growing up and had to change schools because kids were so mean.
I'm a traditional singer-songwriter. I have a more organic sound.
I never played coffee shops; I just played a lot of coffee shop-sized venues. I took every venue I could get my hands on.
I'm of the ilk of writers that feels you have to be open to the inspiration.
I'm never gonna be somebody who's gonna fall down from the sky on a trapeze. That's not me. I really want to make sure that my focus stays on connecting with the audience.
Nobody ever thinks a song is about them. Well, not when it's mean. When it's a good song everybody thinks it's about them. And when it's mean, nobody thinks it's about them.
My hairstylist taught me a trick for my hair. You section off your hair and put them up in these crazy little knots and then it looks like you curled your hair. It's saved me so much time 'cause on the road you don't have time or plugs to plug your curling iron in.
I think I have some anger-management issues, and they end up coming out in these passive-aggressive songs that sound happy.
It's so easy to just rip someone's work apart.
If you take your fear and mash it into something that's actually useful, then it doesn't feel like it wins.
I have been very fortunate to be a part of tours with other artists that have exposed me to new places that I've never been before. Once you discover something beautiful, you just want to keep coming back.
I would like to look back on my body of work and be proud of each record in its own right, but as a whole, I want to continue to grow and move forward.
I have been influenced by many different artists at many different stages of my life. Starting out, it was people like Elton John, Billy Joel, Ben Folds, and Fiona Apple. As I got older I got deeper into the work of bands like the Beatles, artists like Sam Cooke, Ray Charles, Etta James, and Joni Mitchell.
I'm grateful to have the chance to be inspired by the incredible artists that are out there.
