English,Musician
I think of myself not just as a dreamer, but as a dream chaser.
I just wanted a change. My hair started hurting my back, so I went to my hairdresser and said 'Take it off.' And I'm delighted with the results.
Right before I go on stage, I'm absolutely terrified. My mind darts at many directions, but the center of me is going forward into the performance.
A journey into space is the greatest adventure I can imagine.
When you gaze at stars and think about planets, the places it takes your imagination are amazing! You look up the sky, and you know the stars have always been here; they were referenced in biblical times and have always been present. They are somewhere up there in the future, and they guide you; they make you feel safe.
I am an expert in the 'art of the possible.'
I am not quite sure where home is right now. I do have places in London and Milan, and a house in Spain. I guess I would say home is where my mother is, and she lives in Spain.
The opportunity to orbit the Earth, witnessing multiple sunrises and sunsets every day, looking back to our small blue life-sustaining jewel from a distance, gives me the greatest sense of anticipation.
I have a love-hate relationship with performing.
I think I've probably re-invented myself three or four times now, if that's what one calls it.
I look at composers and conductors, anybody involved in music or writing or art in general; they got more done as they got older. If I can, I'll be one of those people because what I do is my passion.
Anything can happen to anyone at any time and you shouldn't just live through the days, or you lose them. You should do what you can to enjoy every moment.
I can't be a wife. I'm not that sort of person. Wives have to compromise all the time.
I love a challenge and the last four years it has all come to fruition and it has been wonderful.
You do have to be fairly selfish when you have a gift. You cannot afford to let too many outside things get in the way.
Being varied is something I do instinctively and naturally. I feel a tremendous sense of accomplishment.
In the past, I always used to be looking for answers. Today, I know there are only questions. So I just live.
I love the intimacy of making movies. The focus is deeper and much more intense than musical theatre.
I've always been involved with all aspects of my careers. Being behind the camera seems as natural as in front.
I am an interpreter of music rather than a composer of it.
Mozart is always a bit of a challenge - you know, even though it is often given to very young singers, it is actually the most complicated to sing in many instances.
There is a reason that both have had the longevity in their careers that they have had. They have each done very different things throughout their careers and lived really interesting lives. There is a reason why they are up there still. After all, there is only one Barbra Streisand and one Liza Minnelli.
We are all made up of stars and all of us are billions of years old - that's what I believe, at least.
I've always been interested in space and the idea of exploration in that area since I was a child growing up through the '60s.
Finally my dream came true in that there was a possibility that I could travel to the International Space Station. I've gone through the medicals and the training and now I'm officially, by the Russian Space Federation, a cosmonaut in training.
I like, 'I Believe In Father Christmas' - that is one of my favorites it is a lovely composition; 'Colder Than Winter' as well. There are so many beautiful songs.
When the audition for 'Cats' came up, even though I'd been making pop records, it felt like something I was attracted to.
