Canadian,Musician
I'm always working on new songs. With the technology these days, any idiot can record on Pro Tools on your laptop. All you have to do is plug a microphone into the input jack and anybody can have their own recording studio. So I'm always down in my basement, singing along to riffs or whoever I'm collaborating with.
Maybe one day I can have a reunion with myself.
Quebec City is the most European of any city in North America; they speak French all the time. There is a part of town called Old Quebec which is really like being in France. The architecture is just gorgeous, food, shopping. I'd say Quebec City is the most beautiful city in North America I've seen.
I listen to music for emotion and I get zero emotion from rap.
I write my lyrics into the computer and I hum my music into the dictaphone.
They have had such a crazy life living with me as their dad. Not crazy but different from their friends.
I would say a must-do in Canada would be to go skiing at Whistler in Vancouver. You could take a chair lift for, like, a half hour to the top of this mountain, and you ski down; it takes like so long to get to the bottom. You go past the clouds. It's absolutely incredible.
I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming.
What is music for? It's to make you feel good.
I would play with Guns n' Roses anytime.
I think that the best rock n' roll is about the spirit of being young, the feeling of being 16 and getting crazy with your friends and going out to a show and just that whole feeling.
I had to get out of my record deal that I signed with my previous band and get a full solo record deal going so, with all of the paperwork that, that entails it did take a while.
No, if it was up to me every record would be brand new studio material but Atlantic records asked me to put out a full live record because my tour really did do well last year.
So, it ended up being what you have there, seven songs brand new and ten live songs which is a good mix.
You have got to make new music, that is the way that I look at it anyway.
Maybe if they start playing new rock bands videos, then maybe but there is no point in a guy like me spending 250 grand for a video that no one is ever going to see.
There is no singing anymore, everything is yelling and shouting and rapping and that is real boring to a guy like me.
It's too easy to do your own site to not have one these days. I guess everyone has one.
I've been solo since 1996, so I've been doing it for a while now.
I do Skid Row every night.
There's way easier ways to make money, let's just put it that way.
I'm a TV junkie. I'm always flipping through channels.
I guess I watch more MTV than you do. I'm a junkie for it.
I can't drink whiskey like I used to back then, that's for sure.
Well, you know, if you do 200 shows a year, they're not all going to be like Castle Donnington.
The way I look at a solo project is, I create what I want with whoever I want.
If I ever grow up, I don't want to be around for it.
I get noticed for different things I've done in different areas of town. If I'm in a rock club, it'll be Skid Row, if I'm in a mall it's the 'Gilmore Girls.'
I went to audition for an episode of 'Law and Order,' and they didn't understand why I was talking so fast, and I was like, 'No, you don't understand. I was on a show called the 'Gilmore Girls.' We had to say everything like that.'
Bret Michaels and Dee Snider and I know how to step on a stage and front a band, and we're not ashamed to. We're not shoe gazers.
The worst thing I ever wore, really, was rubber pants, but I don't think that was a cliche. They were just way too hot. Rubber doesn't breathe. I look back on my photos, and I dig them. I think I look really cool.
I think if you can get to that point, exercising, when you really enjoy it, then you're pretty much set for life.
I actually had a bunch of songs that I worked on with Jamey Jasta from Hatebreed, but they were too heavy for me because my voice sounds good when I sing clean. It sounds good dirty too, but when I hear my voice sing really clean, that's a special sound.
Twitter is the new rock magazine of the modern age. When I was a kid, we had magazines and journalists and interviews and articles and pinups and posters to follow our favourite artists. Nowadays? Twitter is actually the new rock magazine.
It is incredible to me that my Twitter feed is a source of 'news' for every rock news outlet around the world.
I used to live in Canada. It's a beautiful country with a lot of different kind of topographic regions.
I never really knew what fine cuisine was when I was a little boy in Canada. For me, Italian food was 'Kraft Dinner' or pizza. When I moved to New York, that's when I discovered all the Italian food.
It's weird, like, my life has always imitated art, and my art has always imitated life.
