American,Musician
I don't spend a lot of time thinking about regrets because there's nothing I can do.
Your art kind of changes as you get older, by nature of the fact that you're hopefully gaining wisdom and you're starting to watch things with a better overview.
No matter how chaotic it is, wildflowers will still spring up in the middle of nowhere.
I think war is based in greed and there are huge karmic retributions that will follow. I think war is never the answer to solving any problems. The best way to solve problems is to not have enemies.
The greatest hits in some weird way marks the end of something.
I draw from my family and my friends and I feel like that small-town person. The achievements, the materialistic possessions have really become to mean less. They mean nothing.
I hate that word, mature, but I guess I am growing up.
I have yet to write that one song that defines my career.
I try to conduct my life with a little levity.
That feeling of freedom, open highways of possibilities, has kind of been lost to materialism and marketing.
It's not having what you want, it's wanting what you've got.
You can't be in the public eye without making mistakes and having some regrets and having people analyze everything you do.
A lot of people seem to get preoccupied with what I'm wearing as opposed to the music.
A song that sounds simple is just not that easy to write. One of the objectives of this record was to try and write melodies that continue to resonate.
Artists have really never had any representation on Capitol Hill, because it's not the nature of the artist to join together and make a unified presence. Those days kind of died in the '60s.
Beck said he didn't believe in the theory of a song coming through you as if you were an open vessel. I agree with him to a certain extent.
However I am is however I am. When you see me onstage or in the press, there's not a lot of thought and calculation that goes into it.
I become more seasoned, it's less interesting to try and compete in the pop market.
I can always tell when people have had plastic surgery.
I didn't get into making music for the fame aspect. There are people who do desire that.
I don't really cringe over any of my albums.
I don't set goals for myself too much, but I'm always trying to write that one great song.
I got to learn to surf.
I hate how I've had the mantle set on my shoulders as being against the record label. We've had some issues, but that is the nature of business.
I have a golden Lab who goes everywhere with me. He's a great leveler.
I have been around for a long, long time. I didn't make it 'til I was older. I went through the period when women were not getting signed, particularly if you were writing songs that were lyrically propelled.
