American,Musician
You know what, I'm probably one of the most blessed people there's ever been, and I thank God for it.
So I wanted to sing inspirational music, and that's exactly how I approached it - only the words have been changed to declare my relationship with God.
My mother was a churchgoing lady, so I always heard about God at home.
One thing I can say about the Motown acts is that we were a family. That's not a myth.
Once you're a Motown artist, you're always a Motown artist.
You know what, life is full of temptations.
I had been stockpiling Gospel songs for other artists, and had planned to submit them to Gospel artists.
We're all going to be victims of temptation at several points in our lives.
I really haven't strayed too far, musically, from my roots.
In fact, I wouldn't really call this a Gospel album, I call it more an inspirational album.
People still look at Michael Jackson as being a Motown artist.
Once you're a Motown artist, that's your stigmatism, and I was there from the very first day.
Motown will always be a heavy-duty part of my life because those are my roots.
I don't ever balk at being considered a Motown person, because Motown is the greatest musical event that ever happened in the history of music.
That's because we did not set out to make black music. We set out to make quality music that everyone could enjoy and listen to.
As a kid, this is what I wanted my life to be. Not in my wildest dreams did I ever dare to dream that it would be this.
Originally I was not writing songs for myself.
I've been speaking at churches for years, as well as juvenile jails, rehabs and hospitals, and I always talk about my faith. That is a declaration of my relationship with God.
There's so many wonderful gospel people out there, and I don't necessarily want to compete with those people.
As human beings, we're very materialistic and have all this stuff - furs and cars and diamonds and money.
We're very physical creatures, and we worry about how we look sometimes more than our spiritual selves.
The only thing you're taking out of here is your spirit and your soul, so we need to be conscious to try and develop that part of ourselves, because we're all spiritual creatures.
Drugs are in every walk of life - doctors, lawyers, preachers, the guy who works for IBM, teenagers on the street, teenagers in school.
Had I not come out with an inspirational CD, you perhaps would have never known that I feel like I feel, that all songs, all the music I've ever done is a gift from God.
I left Motown because of the regime of people who were there.
Songwriting is my gift from God.
