American,Musician
Nothing is cooler and more attractive than a big comeback, and that'll be me.
I look in the mirror and see a few scars, but I like myself.
I just got tired of being sick and tired and feeling down. Unfortunately, you don't realize this until you're getting sober but the reason why you're depressed all the time is it's the drugs that are depressing you.
Part of recovery is relapse. I dust myself off and move forward again.
GN'R was five guys who were all into different things. I liked pop and disco, Izzy was into New York rock, Slash loved Aerosmith and Led Zeppelin, Axl was into Genesis and Elton John, and Duff was a punk rocker. We all blended that stuff together.
Drummers are conductors - we set the pace for the music - so if you're not relaxed and feeling right, the whole thing goes out the window.
I used to wake up in the morning and say, 'Oh, God.' Now I wake up in the morning and look forward to life.
I thank God, Jesus, and my Grandmother for being able to support myself and my family.
If the Police could do a reunion... One of the biggest jerks I ever met was Sting. If he can do it, then anyone can do it. It's not that big a deal. And the Eagles! They did it! They severely hated each other. It's just rock and roll.
My health is wonderful. I work out. I'm working. Playing music. I have a beautiful wife, a nice home, a nice car, I got money in the bank. I got three beautiful dogs that love me. Like I said, I'm blessed. I survived.
You gotta pick yourself up. Sometimes you just gotta do it over and over, but you gotta do it. You can't give up. I wouldn't give up. I didn't give up - or doubt myself - in becoming a successful musician with a successful band.
The golden rule of drums is hands clapping and feet tapping, and when you are in and out of consciousness, you can't do that to best of your ability.
You figure that time could heal all wounds, but some people just really hold a crazy grudge.
It's only rock and roll, my god! It's not rocket science.
The only thing I want to be satisfied in life is to do one reunion tour with Guns N' Roses. I would like to finish what I started with them.
I'm not gonna be a slave. I'm a rock n' roller.
The real shame about the ending of the Guns N' Roses when I got kicked out wasn't just that I got kicked out, but Slash and Axl stopped working together.
If it wasn't for KISS, there would be no Guns N' Roses. Bands like that made Guns N' Roses. We were five guys with five personalities and five different influences. The stars were aligned for us.
People fight, they get angry, they do drugs, and they do crazy things.
We owe it to the fans to do a tour around the world.
I always knew that we were going to be successful and accomplish and succeed at our dreams. There was never a doubt in my mind. When we were recording 'Appetite For Destruction', we all knew.
I've been blessed. I grew up and played and worked and created with the Freddie Mercury, the Jimi Hendrix, the Keith Richards, the John Paul Jones of my generation.
Loud is a way of life.
I wasn't able to make the full commitment until I met 'Celebrity Rehab's' Dr. Drew.
I just had lunch with Slash two days ago. He loves Axl. He holds no grudges towards him. Twenty years of great music wasn't created because of some stupid grudge. That's a shame.
I have to say, the coolest person I ever met in my whole life is John Mellencamp. I never met a person who was more secure about himself and his person.
