Mexican,Musician
Since I was a little girl, I have witnessed the strength and courage that energized my mother, who left every sorrow and pain in the past, who would work unyieldingly to obtain her goals, who was the great warrior from whom I learned all the values that are today fundamental pillars of my every day.
I think that nothing is impossible when you want to fulfill a dream. A lot of people will tell you that you can't do it, that you don't have what it takes, but if it is in your heart and you feel it, there is nothing that will stop you. It is like the sun - you can't block it: it will shine regardless, if that is what you want.
There's nothing more addictive or incredible in life than reinventing yourself and allow yourself to be different every day.
All I want to do now is to pamper myself and to be peppered with people who I love.
I've always been able to transform happiness and pain and sorrow and tears into positive energy.
'Growing Stronger' emerged from a need to relate my life experiences as well as my constant struggle to prevail each day, and as a reminder to myself of the importance of never giving up.
I want to reach everybody, from the little girls who are 3 years old, to the grandmother who watches my soap, to a young man in love.
My idea is to bring out the inner child that my generation has inside, which does not go to sleep because of so much angst over the day-to-day routine. With so much going on, you start tuning out emotions and surprises.
You are the only one who can create an incredible world around you, or destroy yourself.
I was thrilled to play a role on 'Dora the Explorer,' a show that has touched the lives of many children around the world, including my own child. Dora is such an iconic and important Latina heroine, and I'm proud to now be a part of the show's ever-growing legacy.
I love Hershey's chocolate, especially Kisses, which are my favorite.
I've learned that to survive, you need a positive state of mind.
I am so excited to have created a line that has been inspired by my culture - showing its color, its passion and its greatness - and one that captures much of my personal style.
Since I was little, I've had that vision of a businesswoman inside me.
I think it's important if you're American to have a second language, and Spanish is the language to have.
I used to rely too much on arrangements and production, things like dancers and explosions.
I think my life in general, like that of any human being, has highs and lows, has moments of great light and moments of great darkness.
There's some anxiety the 30 minutes before the show starts. But once you step on stage and face the people, everything goes away, and you have fun and enjoy the audience.
I know I have difficulties with some verbs. But if they get me, they get me. And if they don't understand me, they don't understand me.
I'm more relaxed. I know I have difficulties with some verbs. But if they get me, they get me. And if they don't understand me, they don't understand me.
People were very passionate and over the top about showing me their love and affection, and they memorized my songs in Spanish.
Everybody has their own story; everybody has their own journey.
This is the fantasy of every woman - to hold at our feet servile and tame slaves, like in Roman times. And the worse we treat them, the more passionate they become.
I love to know that in all parts of the world, people want me. I need the attention.
I am an industry.
There are stereotypes - it's like an invisible line, but somehow you have to find the energy to be strong, to be super-confident, no matter if you are in front of the president of the U.S. or anyone else.
The ultimate dream is a star in the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
You go to Los Angeles or New York or Miami or Chicago, and you see Latinos everywhere; they are involved in every part of American society. That's why they have to start being represented in Hollywood, because an 'Americano' can't walk down the street and not see a Latino.
I'm busy all the time.
I'm very ambitious. I always want more after I get something I've dreamed about, so every day, I have a new target and a new path to follow. That's pretty much my law in life.
I feel so privileged as a mom to be part of a significant organization like the March of Dimes that works hard to prevent prematurity and helps moms to have healthy babies.
To me, a big crossover was what happened to me years ago, like bringing my music in Spanish to Europe, or Asia. To me, that's a crossover because Spanish is not a language that everybody talks.
I always focus on myself in what I want, where I want to go, who I want to reach, which message I want to put out, how I want to dress.
In my house, when I don't bring any makeup, when wearing comfortable clothes and when I'm playing with my kids, that's the moment where I feel the most beautiful.
The bad experiences make you stronger and makes you focus on the next project.
I'm a very strong woman.
It was very hard for me to put my life on paper. It was a very intimate process, very psychological, but at the same time liberating. It was like cleaning the closet, like cleaning the house... It was very refreshing.
When you are gestating, you feel full of life, you feel full of joy, you feel full of fantasy, of stories.
Kmart is incredibly supportive of the Hispanic community and is therefore an ideal partner for my exclusive collection.
Kmart appreciates and supports exclusive brands.
Music has no limits, borders or ages.
The Fiesta Tour McDonald's exhibit is a one-of-a-kind compilation of items and great moments in Latin music history. Every item has a unique story, including the outfit which I wore during the 2008 Premios Juventud awards.
I was told millions of times that I was never going to achieve what I set out to, but I decided to do it, and I did it.
Music has always been a huge part of my life from a very young age, and today it remains a very powerful and natural way for me to connect with people, as well as my children.
I was born a woman, but I have a man's soul.
Since I'm not a journalist, I talk about issues that encourage an interchange of ideas through conversation while also being entertaining.
I want to be a psychologist.
My soap operas have been seen by a billion people all around the world.
The best gift you can give a baby is a full nine months of pregnancy.
In giving to the March of Dimes, my fans can help support vital research and programs to help babies and their families.
Women right now kind of have this idea of success - putting your career first and then having kids. On one side, it's perfect and it's a great plan, but on the other side, they don't explain to you that after age 35, you start losing eggs.
There were a lot of little triggers that made me realize that life is now; life is happening while we're preoccupied with stupidities. Of course, growing. Of course, becoming a mother and understanding life from another perspective.
My kids are my No. 1 priority. They're the light in my everyday life. The sunshine. The miracle. Those eyes. Those smiles. At the same time, I have an extended, amazing family that is my audience. All these people have been with me for such a long time. I have these two responsibilities.
Some of my fans want me to just dance and go crazy and wear flashy outfits.
As you know, Hurricane Sandy has affected thousands of families, leaving them without electricity, without household goods and, in the worst cases, without a home.
When my daughter Sabrina was 2 years old, the pediatrician told me it was time she quit using a pacifier because that could make her teeth crooked and even cause infections in her ears.
I'm not intimidated by anyone.
Many times, my intuition wins. I trust my intuition a lot. A lot.
I overcame a lot of obstacles in my life and in my childhood.
A song like 'Osito Carpintero' came straight from the Pedro Infante films, movies that all the kids in Mexico watched.
When you get into the third or fourth generation of Latino immigrants to the United States, you see the kids speaking more English than Spanish, and it's important that we don't lose our identity, our language.
In society, there is enormous pressure for us to try and look good, to be politically correct, to say the right things, to be polite and basically to sacrifice ourselves on the way.
When you are doing a TV series, people tell you when you have to wake up and when you have to have lunch, and I don't like it.
You have to reinvent love.
You can't be a superhero or super mom.
My husband is American but Italian. Then I have the Mexicano side. I see both in my kids. My daughter is more Italian - she leans towards pizza - and my son leans more towards guacamole and puts lime in everything.
I've always wanted to broaden my horizons.
