American,Musician
In this business, you gotta hustle.
Believe it or not, I'd love to go to the moon.
America lost its face with the debacle of the Vietnam War.
If the club was empty, I sang to the chairs.
Don't bury me with anyone old.
I'm the first has-been star singer ever to sing with the circus. I mean, Presley sang with the circus, but that was before he became a star.
At the start of the '50s, I had short hair. And I was getting nowhere.
Remember, it's better to be a has-been than a never-was.
I read in one of the scandal sheets that there are UFO aliens living right now down deep in the Antarctic. I believe those things.
I saw 'Cynthia' five times.
I hope I don't give music a bad name.
I was trying to find an original style that didn't sound like Tony Bennett or anyone else. So I prayed about it, woke up with this high voice, and by 1954, I was going to amateur nights and winning.
As long as my voice is here, and there is a Holiday Inn waiting for me, then everything's just swell.
Death is never polite, even when we expect it.
I remember in '37 when trolley cars were so big in New York. It was five cents for a ride... There used to be open-air buses, and you could go up a spiral staircase and sit up on top. Those were great, great days.
In order to have a TV series, you have to have a good idea for the story.
We hear about the Gershwins, the Kerns, and the Berlins, but there were some great little writers like Theodore Morse, Charles K. Harris, and Ernest R. Ball, who wrote 'Let the Rest of the World Go By.'
It was not easy to go into a subway in 1955 at eight o'clock in the morning smelling nice and hanging on the rails with white make-up. I could see people nudging each other saying, 'What is that?'
My parents had to work hard, and I was always looking for a way to make it big - for their sakes as well as my own.
I don't know why, but I felt as if I was always behind the eight ball, so to speak.
I had this old wind-up phonograph when I was a kid, and I'd listen to records. And the radio.
They say I spend too much money, so they take it and put it away for me. What do I spend it on? Oh, old records and presents and things.
You sing fast and hope to get out.
I was in Australia in 1983 and did a stunt in a lion's cage.
I keep recording and recording, but they always stay on the rack and never get out there.
We've all got setbacks.
I had this image before Boy George, before the Beatles, before the Rolling Stones.
Boy George was only 7 years old when I was hot in '68.
I am ready for anything that happens.
The only thing I pray for is the strength to go out without complaining.
In this business, you're as good as your last hit record, and mine was more than 26 years ago.
As long as you're recording and they pay the fee, it's like a lottery ticket. You never stop trying.
Night after night in the '50s, I traveled all over New York City. The promoter had 10 acts, and the winner each night would get five dollars; second place would get three dollars, and third place would get two dollars. He always put the best acts on last so the people wouldn't walk out, and the worst acts went on first. He always put me on first.
I always love the smell of a bat and a glove, or a hockey puck in the winter time.
I always bring my little ukelele along in my shopping bag which my dear, sweet father bought me. After all, you just never know when a song might come along.
I don't think I'm turning back the clock by doing these old tunes. I love rock and roll and popular music. It's just that the spirits of the singers whose songs I do are living within me. That's why the songs come out in the voices of the original singers. I'm not doing imitations. That's the way they sound inside me.
