American,Musician
There's a time in your life where you're not quite sure where you are. You think everything's perfect, but it's not perfect... Then one day you wake up and you can't quite picture yourself in the situation you're in. But the secret is, if you can picture yourself doing anything in life, you can do it.
Humor has become so cliche and boring that nothing's funny anymore unless it involves something totally disgusting that offends somebody or makes them feel really uncomfortable.
Geometric shapes hold an energy pattern, and scientists did some experiments which say certain geometric shapes can affect matter around them. It's simply because when a human looks at a shape, they instantly receive energy from their brain.
I've realized that I love all forms of music and get excited when any artist goes crazy and creates something that is an experience.
Every day, I read books on philosophy and science fiction and human consciousness.
I grew up skateboarding, but I don't even do that anymore.
It's actually cool to be positive and optimistic and idealistic. It's cool to see yourself doing beautiful, great things.
I always want to do different things. I'm always obsessed with trying to do different things.
I don't believe that I'm better than anybody, but I do believe that I'll try harder than most and I hope that people just join me for a little bit of a ride.
The Angels shows are really intense. We play for a couple hours at a time. They're very theatrical and full of audience interaction and emotion. I've seen a lot of people crying and stuff. It's a little bit like church, but it's very secular.
People are different when they're 30 than they are when they're 16.
When you see opportunities in your life, you've got to analyze, 'Why was that choice given to me?'
In ten years I will become president of the United States Of America.
Like millions of others, I have been plagued by the devastating effects of cancer hitting not one, but multiple members of my family.
I used to get so jealous if my wife liked another band more than my own. Come to think of it, I still do.
'Close Encounters of the Third Kind' is the best movie for a guy like me. A cerebral adventure. A moving story. A bunch of little green men.
I'm a huge stadium rock fan, but I'm also a fan of everything from Massive Attack to Peter Gabriel, U2, the Police, Radiohead, and Coldplay.
I will eat anything Mexican - a sombrero, hacienda... anything. They've perfected the combo of bread items and the grill.
They say Einstein died while he was still trying to figure out gravity. I think I'm going to die still trying to figure out some of the things about Blink.
When we started Angels & Airwaves, we wanted to produce our art on different mediums, but the film was an ambitious one because we actually didn't go into it thinking we could make a big feature film.
I write in a very melodic way, so that will never leave. I think my records will always tend to be approachable.
I'm a little left of center, for sure, with Angels & Airwaves. But even when I get really weird, it's not that weird. It's not like some obscure Sonic Youth record or something. We don't take it quite that far. But what we do like are crescendos, and we do like when a song catches you off guard and it gives you the chills up and down your arms.
My company created a platform called Modlife, this prepackaged website that runs an artist's website.
Angels and Airwaves is a complete, pure reflection of who I am. The philosophy, the spiritualism, the esotericism, the idea of hope and space and the themes about life and grandeur... that's all me.
I'm interested in a lot of different things, but first and foremost I'm into the idea of human consciousness, and Angels & Airwaves is a byproduct of that.
I'm a huge stadium rock fan, but I'm also a fan of everything from Massive Attack to Peter Gabriel, U2, the Police, Radiohead, and Coldplay. I've realized that I love all forms of music and get excited when any artist goes crazy and creates something that is an experience.
