Musician
When you're playing upside down, it takes twice the strength.
One of my favorite things in the world is to be seeing two people that are really old, still holding hands, still kissing.
I wouldn't specifically say rock n' roll is dead, but I don't see a lot of charismatic performers in the way of new blood who are edgy and dangerous on stage, like Marilyn Manson, who you never quite know if he's going to make it through his own show.
I did the marching band all throughout junior high and high school. Music was one of my favorite things in school.
The best thing about being rich is the freedom; freedom to do whatever you want whenever you want. It doesn't suck.
A lot of hip-hop artists wear fur, and they think it's a status symbol. That doesn't register for me; I just see dead animals.
The horses forced into the chuckwagon races die of heart attacks, broken necks, broken legs, and other injuries. It'd be easy to get off on western tradition without this bloody spectacle. Dude, it's the Old West, not ancient Rome!
Too many drummers sit at the back covered in drums, and you never see them.
The quad toms are a completely different animal than the standard drum set/trap kit. Playing wise and stylistically, they are two different beasts.
I've always gravitated towards the beats, obviously. And when I was growing up, I always loved funk music or even - dare I say it - disco.
Playing upside down is insane. It's two or three times more difficult than what's normal. Your feet want to come off the pedals, your arms want to drop down - all of your body is fighting gravity.
The drums are about gravity. Your hand naturally falls down on the drums as you hit them.
The very first thing I look at on a woman is her toes.
I've always loved the mixture of crushing live drums with a programmed groove, that really cool blend, like in the verse there's a really funky drum beat that is programmed then it comes in to the chorus; you've got that enormous human feel where the band kicks in.
The older I get, the more I don't care what people think or what people say. I just do what moves me.
No one really buys records anymore. You can look at sales and do that math real quick. Unfortunately, it's fast food in the music industry. People don't ingest full records anymore.
I am such a gearhead. In my recording studio, I personally engineer and edit everything on computers.
Whatever we do as a band, none of us can do as individuals. We all know that, whatever we have gone through with each other and as a band.
It sounds kind of strange, but Jail time was almost a good experience for me.
My father lived by the philosophy, 'Be yourself, because everyone else is taken,' and he made sure I did, too. Whatever I wanted to do, he supported me. I don't mean that I was spoilt - he didn't believe in material gifts - but he watched my back while I worked to achieve things.
I threw my son, Brandon, a rave for his birthday and I fully set it up like a crazy rave with lights and sound, me and my partner DJ'd - I got Mix Master Mike from the Beastie Boys to come DJ for a bit.
The Radiohead record, The Bends is my all-time favorite record on the planet.
Nikki lives around the corner from me and I see him all the time. We talk a lot, and of course we're still friends. That was our baby, Motley Crue, we put that band together.
You never know what's going to happen sometimes, or what you think's going to happen never happens, or when you least expect it, the Santana record comes along and just blows up.
There's no new news.
Getting married in four days was the biggest... mistake I've ever made. I have two beautiful kids, but... how can you know somebody in four days? Bonehead.
Phil Rudd from AC/DC was someone I really liked a lot... Not because I was dazzled by his playing ability - he was just a rock, y'know?
On our first record, man, I didn't know what I was doing. I was just playing. I was over playing. You're as green as you can be with no experience in recording or knowing how sometimes a song can work: when it's too much, when it's not enough, when it's not right.
I'm still that rowdy dude who has after-parties in his dressing room with a concert-sized PA system blasting away.
Trust me: all of us walk around and look at each other, and without saying it, we all know we're thinking, 'Really dude? Were still here!' and pinch ourselves. Typically, careers have short life span, 10 years if you're lucky, so what we've done is amazing.
The New York Dolls are the only band that we grew up on that we haven't played with.
Going through life solo isn't very exciting if you can't share it with somebody, you know?
Our music will continue to have an impact in people's lives long after we finally call it quits.
I'm driven by music. It's in my blood, and I've never been able to stay away from it for too long.
The crowd is a pretty good indicator when it's good, because it's kind of a universal energy that gets passed around.
There are things you do that just come natural, and sometimes those are amazingly in synch, and sometimes they're horribly out of synch, and you're like, 'Ooo! That wasn't very good tonight.' Most of the time, it's just on.
I don't know how much you know about me, but I kind of have my fingers in a lot of different pies.
I really wanna get my paws on scoring a film.
There was no way we were going to let this band hobble around on three legs. We chose the route that every professional actor, athlete and musician should do - leave the legend intact and bow out at the top.
I don't need material things like gold and platinum records on my wall, Grammys or Hall Of Fame nods.
It's so funny because no matter what you say, fans only read and hear what they want.
I've loved roller coasters since I was a kid.
Of course drums weren't meant to be played other than sitting on the ground. When you're upside-down, your feet don't want to sit on the pedals.
I'm constantly evolving as a musician.
Drums isn't my one thing anymore. I love to produce. I love to make tracks, write tracks, produce tracks, and I can't just sit back as a drummer anymore.
I love touring Canada, and our Calgary fans are among the roughest and toughest.
There was a time when cowboys respected their horses instead of riding them to death just to show off for a crowd.
I didn't have the opportunity to go to college. I was busy touring since the age of 17.
It's been a while since I've studied: since high school. It's a lot of work, a lot of work.
By the age of 17, for me, we had got an recording contract, and, boom, I was gone.
I've always been kind of a - you know, I have my moments, where I can be Tommy, and then I flip a switch; when you're on stage, you turn into this other personality.
No, I don't have a problem with my temper.
I got really frustrated in jail, and I was like, 'Man, I love what I've done, and I love the mark I've made on rock n' roll history'... and I sat there, and I got really depressed, thinking, 'I gotta make a move... do something fresh and new.'
I take the best of all the styles I like and put them together in one package.
I was never one for the passenger seat. I have always wanted my level of entertainment and showmanship to be the same as a frontman.
Most drummers are covered with a million drums, and everyone is like, 'What are you doing back there?'
If Trent Reznor calls and says he needs a drummer for his tour... I'm there.
