American,Musician
Smoke 'em if you got 'em.
We have a thin candy shell, I'm surprised you didn't know that.
It's not how you pick your nose, it's where you put that booger that counts.
A lot of drummers get sidetracked by the instrument. It can engulf you.
I have a homosexual crush on most adolescents.
I caught on fire twice on the stage, but I was promptly put out. It was just my leg.
School is practice for the future, and practice makes perfect and nobody's perfect so why bother.
The one thing about Billie is he will snap and rip your head off if you point anything out at all other than how beautiful he is and how nice he looks today.
Everyone is entitled to our opinion.
I never completed high school and I am very rich and very successful.
I'm the greatest rock and roll drummer on the planet and you suck.
I wish people would turn off their computers, go outside, talk to people, touch people, lick people, enjoy each other's company and smell each other on the rump.
We're charging what we're worth and we don't think we're worth $22.50. We take a lower cut than Pearl Jam.
The album was very agressive. It kicks you right in the balls.
I like Fisher Price music, nursery rhymes, and the alphabet song.
I am no longer married, so ladies... there you go.
I'm not exactly sure how many kids I have, but yes, I do miss them officially, for the record. In case any of them are listening, I love you.
You gotta stick your neck out and put out a record that isn't safe... that's the Green Day way!
It was time to raise the bar higher, or lower if you're doing limbo.
I wanna survive an avalanche. I wanna be one of those people a dog finds buried under a ton of snow, almost dying of starvation.
I always said the world is a better place because of Joey Ramone.
I didn't have a normal childhood by any means.
I've been working on my relationship with my parents and my sister over the years.
Punk rock has become another viable art form. It always was. But now it's like everyone's doing it.
I didn't have a normal childhood by any means. But it was what it was, and I appreciate what my parents did for me.
Back in '93 and '94, when 'Dookie' was being made, my dad built this tour bus for us, out of a bookmobile. We toured in it for the first year. It was a really bad idea, by the way.
