American,Musician
I'm a guy that appreciates spontaneity and a woman being genuine and different.
I once took the key off my girlfriend's key ring so that I could surprise her when she got home. So I did this whole romantic setup in our bedroom with flowers and rose petals. She was so mad when she got home, but then when she walked in, she was so surprised.
Sometimes I go crazy - get into a mindspace where it doesn't matter what I spend. Like, on impulse, I might buy a $600 Dolce t-shirt, you know, just because it's silk and maybe there's some suede leather detailing. Or two of my favourite hoodies, I don't even know the brand, but they're' very thin soft cotton. $300 apiece!
A lot of people perceive women as sexy based on their outer appeal. But there's no way to mistake if a woman is confident.
I don't really do glasses. It's a good look, but I'm not big on wearing clear glasses for fashion. And I don't wear too many shades because my fans love to see my eyes.
Always wear a good watch, no matter what if you are wearing a suit or sweats. A good watch will hold value over time. It's not about the brightest or the biggest diamonds, it's about quality mechanisms, the heritage of the company you're buying it from.
I take pride in working very hard. You need to understand that hard work doesn't instantly pay off. My career grew gradually and taught me a lesson every step of the way.
I urge younger artists to know that you don't have to be anything you don't want. You can do whatever's comfortable for you. From the music I make, to the things I do in my life, I'm true to my R&B core. I have the capability to make pop records and crossover, but that's not my aim.
It's not about having a plethora of suits, but having a few good ones. It's all about fit. The contour of your body. If your shoulders are broad, you shouldn't have shoulder pads. If you're not a big man, you shouldn't have extra space. I think it's definitely worth having it properly fitted.
I think everybody gets lonely sometimes. I don't know if people can ever understand how you can be in a room full of people and be lonely sometimes.
I love Calvin Klein underwear. That's the only kind of underwear I wear.
I think 'selfies' are fun and expressive, as long as you don't get carried away with it.
I never really had male influences in my life. Steady, male influences. And that's what I wanna be for my family. As a musician, I definitely will attain everything that I set out to. I work very hard. But more important to me is that my family is taken care of.
Versace has always been a brand that I've loved, a brand that has supported me. I've been wearing Versace for so long, I come in here and I have friends here, and they really support what it is that I do. Our partnership has been great.
Other brands I like besides Versace... Tom Ford makes incredible suits. I love the glasses as well. I have a plethora of Tom Ford shades. Who else do I like? Dolce & Gabbana, Dior Homme.
I love music, so if I wasn't singing, I would probably still be working in the music industry. I love songwriting, so I'd probably be a songwriter.
In my dressing room, you'll definitely find some Starbursts and Skittles. I have a lot of candles that remind me of home, and a humidifier for my voice. I also have some digital Kodak albums where I have pictures of my friends and family.
I grew up poor, but I didn't really know it because of amazing places like the Salvation Army where we got a lot of our Christmas presents from.
Singing is all about certain inflection on certain lines. I used to listen to tapes of everybody from Michael Jackson and Prince to Earth, Wind and Fire. They would have different vocal inflections. If the line insinuated pain, they would cringe on some lines.
I was the kind of kid who loved singing. I loved rapping; I loved attention. But for me, it was more about chasing the dream of being a superstar because of the town I was from and because of what I'd seen.
I like hair each and every way. I like to give scalp massages - to pull and tug on it. But my favorite style is long, real hair in a dusty blonde-brown color.
I used to steal my father's cologne, and it was so strong. My mother would always know when I did because it was so intrusive. That's why I like Evolution - it's a strong yet subtle scent.
I think clothes are very much a representation of your attitude and the way you feel. I really love to be dressed down, though.
I get to go make music, and I get paid to do it, and this is what people love me for. I couldn't ask for anything greater, so how could I not go in the studio and make a million songs?
I own more pairs of Calvin Klein underwear than I can count. At any given time, I probably have 50 to 60 pairs on deck. I travel with an entire suitcase of underwear and t-shirts, and they're all Calvin Klein.
The first tattoo I got was when I was 17, and it's a cross on my bicep with 'Only God Can Judge Me' underneath.
