English,Musician
Some girls like to say one thing and mean another. And me being who I am, I'm very straightforward. Everything is very black and white for me. I don't really like playing mind games.
Everything is very black and white for me. I don't really like playing mind games.
I am a bit of a bad boy. I have tattoos and I mess around. That's part of my image, so it's cool.
I like the term 'misunderstood.' But I am a bit of a bad boy.
I'm kind of like a bit of everything wrapped into one.
I'm not one to get involved with what anyone says about me.
If you meet a girl, you meet a girl. It's normal, so if you exchange numbers, whatevs, it's cool.
I'd call myself the mediator. I kind of just float around and do my own thing. I'm kind of chilled out, laid back.
Our parents are obviously proud, but they're still trying to get used to the fact that we're in a band. I have a feeling my mom would actually like One Direction if I wasn't in it!
I'm a couch potato. I love to stay in and just watch a DVD with the missus. Or we all go over to Louis's house and watch 'X Factor.'
I think people I'm close to find it absolutely crazy that I'm famous.
Some girls like to say one thing and mean another. And me being who I am, I'm very straightforward.
I'm always drawing, so Draw Something is a cool game to play against your friends when you're bored and sat chilling out and relaxing.
The reason I don't tweet as much as I used to, is because I'm sick of all the useless opinions and hate that I get daily. Goodbye Twitter.
One Direction is the main thing I'm doing and I'm 100 per cent dedicated to the group.
When people are putting pressure on me I just completely ignore it.
I love samosas filled with mincemeat. My mum makes really great ones.
We needed to make a sound that's not gonna fit in with everything else - we wanted to make something that was completely unique and individual to us. We spent a lot of time trying to make a sound that was a One Direction sound. At first it was quite hard to do that, but I'm really happy with the sound.
It's nice to look out and see your family supporting you.
I just love comic books. I've always loved comic book art, and I just think it's amazing.
I believe that your religion should be between you and whoever your belief is in.
Honestly, like, American football is not that big over in the U.K., so we hadn't really heard of Drew Brees before. I did know that he was, like, a massive football player. He's a massive star, so I was still a little bit anxious and nervous to meet him.
You can say whatever you want about me, I'm not really bothered. But when it starts to upset people I care about or I hear about it from my mum, then that's a problem.
I do feel like I've missed out a bit because I was really close with my sisters when I was at home. It must be weird for them but they cope really well.
Now that we have a bit of money, it is nice to get gifts for people. Before I was getting and not really giving.
We didn't really expect to achieve anything outside of the UK, and it just went crazy. It's just crazy that people know our music. We're just humbled by it.
