Roman,Historian
Rome has grown since its humble beginnings that it is now overwhelmed by its own greatness.
Men are slower to recognize blessings than misfortunes.
In difficult and desperate cases, the boldest counsels are the safest.
The old Romans all wished to have a king over them because they had not yet tasted the sweetness of freedom.
It is easier to criticize than to correct our past errors.
There is always more spirit in attack than in defence.
This above all makes history useful and desirable; it unfolds before our eyes a glorious record of exemplary actions.
Luck is of little moment to the great general, for it is under the control of his intellect and his judgment.
A fraudulent intent, however carefully concealed at the outset, will generally, in the end, betray itself.
Woe to the conquered.
Truth, they say, is but too often in difficulties, but is never finally suppressed.
The populace is like the sea motionless in itself, but stirred by every wind, even the lightest breeze.
All things will be clear and distinct to the man who does not hurry; haste is blind and improvident.
It is better that a guilty man should not be brought to trial than that he should be acquitted.
There are laws for peace as well as war.
The troubles which have come upon us always seem more serious than those which are only threatening.
We can endure neither our vices nor the remedies for them.
Many difficulties which nature throws in our way, may be smoothed away by the exercise of intelligence.
Men are only clever at shifting blame from their own shoulders to those of others.
The sun has not yet set for all time.
Toil and pleasure, dissimilar in nature, are nevertheless united by a certain natural bond.
Under the influence of fear, which always leads men to take a pessimistic view of things, they magnified their enemies' resources, and minimized their own.
From abundance springs satiety.
Fortune blinds men when she does not wish them to withstand the violence of her onslaughts.
Nowhere are our calculations more frequently upset than in war.
He will have true glory who despises it.
