English,Actor
I like my world to be calm.
I'll never be Jennifer Lawrence or Tom Cruise, someone who can hold a movie and then be charming and charismatic doing promotion. I haven't got what they've got. But at least I'm now comfortable just being myself.
I love gardening, and I love cooking. I love things like that. I love creating things.
I got into beards right in the middle of the hipster boom.
People look at stuff like 'Godzilla' and 'Avengers' and think I only do blockbusters, or however you wanna put it, but in reality, I can make double or triple what I got paid for 'Avengers' by doing other stuff - there are other options, but I don't want to work with this person or that person, and so I don't do it.
The problem with independent films is that they can be hit or miss. I've seen scripts that have blown me away. But there have to be all the right ingredients in place to make them work: the director, cast, publicity, distribution.
I have to be fully committed to do a project nowadays, because if I say yes to something, it means the whole family are going to have to move for the job. It's a lot of upheaval. So, it has to be really worth it. Otherwise, I'd just as well not bother.
I was raised by women. Now I'm raising women. I was always better around girls. I live in an all-female household. I even have two female dogs... It's funny how that turned out.
I'm not the kind of male who has to put my imprint on everything.
I've achieved more than some people do in a lifetime, but it doesn't mean I've done it all.
For me, I can't watch violence when it's too grotesque, and it's just like, that's revolting to watch. I don't enjoy it. But when it's a Tarantino film, I'm lining up outside the door to see it, and I'm expecting to see something really crazy, a lot of blood, and for it to be funny.
My whole thing, my priority, is my family, my kids, and my wife. That's my future. I don't really care about what role is next.
I did swimming, gymnastics, dance, and the acting was just a small part. I didn't have pushy parents; it wasn't forced upon me. They just said, 'See if you like it. If you do, great; if you don't, don't worry about it.' I was really fortunate to have that guidance and supportive parents.
We have the ability to be able, if we have the right resources around us, to really do chop and change and have fun in our time and not just be stuck in one world or the other.
I love being a father. It's one of my big jobs is just being a parent. It's one of my favorite things I do.
I was never that kid who used to brag about anything.
I wouldn't want to be a James Bond.
Whenever I read a script, I start recasting the role that I might play. I'm like, 'God, this should be played by Domhnall Gleeson, not me.'
I want to work with great directors. I've picked films based on the script or the character and seen them collapse because the directors were not strong visionaries.
I was brought up by my mum and my sister. I've always been around independent women; I like that. Anybody who's a fake I don't like and I don't talk to.
Only recently have I been introduced to the gym and heavy weightlifting and things like that. Before that, when I grew up, I just did a lot of gymnastics and dance. I had more of an athletic background, but nothing where I was in the gym or using any kind of weights.
I don't analyse things, and I don't look back. I can think forward - but only about my family. I don't look outside that and certainly don't care what anyone else thinks.
If you agree to do a sex scene, you have to be willing to not be awkward about it. C'mon! I don't think of it as anything other than a dance, really. I don't see that person. I don't think of me being me.
I'm happy to say I'm a feminist. Being a feminist is just believing in equal rights. Man, woman, gay, straight, black, white - we're all in it together.
I get more fulfilment from being a father than I do from being an actor.
