English,Journalist
Not everything happens for a reason. Sometimes life just sucks.
Dark lipstick on me is both a risk and a disaster.
Stick to the classics, and you can't ever go wrong. I see old ladies on the street who have fabulous style and realize it's because they are probably wearing really classic items that they've had for years and years. I think if you find something that suits you, you should just stick to it.
I'm interested in aesthetics, in the way things look, in finding something in an image that maybe people haven't seen.
I think you achieve a lot more through love than negativity.
No one says the word 'quirky' much in England. I guess because people are more naturally eccentric.
I don't think love should make you feel uneasy. When you feel sick, I don't think that's love - that's infatuation.
My dad cut my hair once - I wanted a bob and he gave me a bowl cut. That was a tough few years.
It's funny because I think that both France and Britain are known for their distinctive styles, and everyone says that France is so chic and elegant but I think, more than that, French women are renowned for dressing in what suits them.
I really like action movies. The 'Die Hard' franchise. And the 'Bourne' movies.
I'm bad at trends. Just wear what you want and what suits you.
No experience exists unless it's a shared one.
I grew up in a very visual household. My dad is a designer; my sister is a designer. My brother is an amazing architect who does music. But I think in the Chung household, how things looked was an important part of who you are.
I'm in love with lots of different things. I do love love, though. I don't think love should make you feel uneasy. When you feel sick, I don't think that's love - that's infatuation. Someone who makes you feel like that is exciting - it's the one that you imagine when you think of an amazing affair - but that's not actually a stable love.
A bad outfit can really get me down. If I'm wearing something really normal and boring, it's like torture.
I always write 'Magic Potion' on my perfume bottles so when I use them, it feels magical - I make spells in the morning when I put them on.
I'm always hairy. I swear too much.
I've come to terms with the fact that if you're on TV, lots of people like you and lots of people hate you, and once you're OK with that, you apply it to everything.
I play guitar a bit. I'm trying to learn drums - I feel like I can play violin. I've never tried, but I just feel like I can.
I don't ever want to stop learning. And I really want to learn French fluently. It would be great to go and live in France.
I'd like to give anyone else a go at being scrutinised. Daily. It's not easy.
I don't like it when people don't know the difference between 'their', 'they're', 'there'.
My look is pretty low maintenance, I have a great team around me for hair and make-up, and they have also taught me some great tricks over the years for when I'm doing my own.
When I was a model, I started with an opinion, but was encouraged to lose it. It began as play-acting, but then I lost sight of myself a bit: so when I did the audition for 'Popworld' and they asked my opinion, I felt like crying with happiness.
I'd love to interview Mick Jagger, but that might be scary.
I'm never going to be one of those people who is good at organization. But I'm very visual. I have a catalog in my head of things I already own, so it's easy to shop and I always know exactly what I'm looking for.
When I was a teenager, I used to come to Selfridges, and it was very swanky and overwhelming, and I'd think, 'Wow, this is amazing.' I would never have imaged having my own area in the beauty hall! It's incredible.
Often, I do translatlantic overnight flights from New York, and when I land, I have to do my eyes - I feel weird without it.
I went out with a 40-year-old when I was 19, and since then, I don't really think much about numbers meaning anything. But I do feel like maybe I've neglected to work on developing emotionally and taking care of myself.
I'm always helping out girlfriends, and then I'm wondering, who's going to look after me?
Music is my sport, and I'm the number-one athlete.
Tech companies approach you to hold something in a picture and then say, 'This is what I want you to write on your Twitter.' There are people who get away with that and look really cool doing it, but I'm just not one of them.
Being excitable and passionate is what makes you look good because if you're engaged in what's going on, you radiate youth.
If I can't even be bothered to brush my hair, I don't think I should start getting face work... I think it would look a bit try-hard.
I just don't like people to be dictated to. I think you should dress however you want.
My best party friend...? Fifi Brown. And Poppy Delevingne. She's so fun and so inclusive - she really is the glue.
I don't think I extend my hatred to other people's outfits.
It's a weird day and age when you can tire of icons simply by overexposure.
I don't like when people seem to put every single thing on and just walk up and down outside waiting to be photographed. I think that's a bit lame.
I love Simone Rocha. I just think she's really clever.
I've been learning French a bit through my work with Longchamp, and I've been in France quite a lot. And I really love how they express themselves. I especially love when something is untranslatable.
I spend most of my money in Prada or plane tickets.
I feel like it's weird to list all my crap qualities.
London street style is the best in the world. Fact.
If it's comfy, it probably doesn't look good.
I grew up in a miniature village in the middle of the countryside in England, quite secluded from the outside world. I was always enamored by the fashion industry.
I did TV for a bit, and somewhere along the line, I started writing a column for 'The Independent' newspaper in England, and now I write features for 'British Vogue.'
It was once people began taking my picture every time I left the house - because it's an easy fashion shot - that I started getting a bit weirder about going out without any makeup on, and I think that's when I started wearing foundation every day.
When I'm wearing makeup, I choose between doing my eyes or mouth because I don't want to look like a beauty pageant child.
I used to have a voice because I was interviewing people and writing, but as soon as I got swept up in the fashion world, I was just a pretty girl at a party wearing a pretty dress.
People want an easy sound bite.
Every day, I think of designs, but I don't write them down, and I forget. If only I had an office.
I respect people that find writing easy, because I have focus problems. I'll spend five days eating cereal and YouTubing and two hours writing the article.
I'd say I have more shoes than anything else; they're a good way to update a look. Bags and shoes - it's like decorating a cake.
You know you've become a brat when you have a room you like at the Bristol in Paris.
I only ever involve myself with brands I truly adore.
My brain is a big cluster of stuff. It moves quickly and loses focus quickly, so I need many projects to keep me stimulated - it's a luxury to be able to do lots of different things: style, write, present, DJ or just consult. It can't be any other way; I think I would shrivel up and fall asleep forever.
Everything doesn't have to be perfect, I've realised. You can learn as you go.
For my art GCSE, I did a screen print of the Queen's head that was basically an Andy Warhol rip-off, but I didn't realise.
My art teacher told me I'd be suited to graphic design, but I just couldn't, because it was what my dad had done.
I don't want to say, 'Yeah, I changed at 30,' because no, it was chronically the same. But I got more relaxed about things.
My image has swallowed me up! I've given so much out to this projected version of myself, but now I have to live up to this character that I don't even associate half the time.
People comment on my voice. They always ask me if I'm ill.
Everyone I've ever fallen in love with, I just fell in love with! I didn't date them to try.
I love the '60s and sort of wish all design had stopped in 1967. That would be my dream. They were really just nailing it - everyone looked great - but then it started getting a bit slippery after that.
I'm indie through and through. I've always gone out with boys in bands.
I admire American women because they are really good at putting a look together that is sophisticated. As British girls, we lean toward being a bit more messy, a bit more undone, and maybe a little more eccentric.
I love Gap for affordable men's sweaters.
Fashion's a huge part of my life, but I don't necessarily feel comfortable always talking about clothes on my personal social media.
When I used to work in television, a tip was rather than looking down the barrel of the camera and imagine people watching, which is terrifying, imagine your most discerning friend observing you, and imagine you're just talking to them.
I feel uncomfortable in anything tight or body-con.
A roll-neck and some flat shoes is about as good as it gets.
I'm just really good at dressing my body's proportions.
If I know something's expected of me, I won't wear it or do it. It just seems boring.
I have never lived in a time when people haven't told me what I look like.
Being British, I don't want to be all paranoid and arrogant and think people are looking at me because, really, I'm nothing.
