English,Poet
To err is human; to forgive, divine.
To be angry is to revenge the faults of others on ourselves.
On life's vast ocean diversely we sail. Reasons the card, but passion the gale.
Teach me to feel another's woe, to hide the fault I see, that mercy I to others show, that mercy show to me.
No woman ever hates a man for being in love with her, but many a woman hate a man for being a friend to her.
No one should be ashamed to admit they are wrong, which is but saying, in other words, that they are wiser today than they were yesterday.
The greatest magnifying glasses in the world are a man's own eyes when they look upon his own person.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Beauties in vain their pretty eyes may roll; charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul.
Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul.
On wrongs swift vengeance waits.
Remembrance and reflection how allied. What thin partitions divides sense from thought.
How happy is the blameless vestal's lot? The world forgetting, by the world forgot.
Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon.
A brain of feathers, and a heart of lead.
The proper study of Mankind is Man.
And, after all, what is a lie? 'Tis but the truth in a masquerade.
The way of the Creative works through change and transformation, so that each thing receives its true nature and destiny and comes into permanent accord with the Great Harmony: this is what furthers and what perseveres.
Never find fault with the absent.
All nature is but art unknown to thee.
Never elated when someone's oppressed, never dejected when another one's blessed.
Satan is wiser now than before, and tempts by making rich instead of poor.
The learned is happy, nature to explore; The fool is happy, that he knows no more.
The same ambition can destroy or save, and make a patriot as it makes a knave.
A little learning is a dangerous thing; Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring.
The vulgar boil, the learned roast, an egg.
Not always actions show the man; we find who does a kindness is not therefore kind.
Nature and nature's laws lay hid in the night. God said, Let Newton be! and all was light!
There is a certain majesty in simplicity which is far above all the quaintness of wit.
How prone to doubt, how cautious are the wise!
Act well your part, there all the honour lies.
But Satan now is wiser than of yore, and tempts by making rich, not making poor.
Trust not yourself, but your defects to know, make use of every friend and every foe.
So vast is art, so narrow human wit.
A wit with dunces, and a dunce with wits.
Woman's at best a contradiction still.
Many men have been capable of doing a wise thing, more a cunning thing, but very few a generous thing.
Be not the first by whom the new are tried, Nor yet the last to lay the old aside.
Order is heaven's first law.
In words, as fashions, the same rule will hold; Alike fantastic, if too new, or old: Be not the first by whom the new are tried, Nor yet the last to lay the old aside.
An honest man's the noblest work of God.
The difference is too nice - Where ends the virtue or begins the vice.
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed was the ninth beatitude.
A work of art that contains theories is like an object on which the price tag has been left.
Of Manners gentle, of Affections mild; In Wit a man; Simplicity, a child.
But blind to former as to future fate, what mortal knows his pre-existent state?
Passions are the gales of life.
Not to go back is somewhat to advance, and men must walk, at least, before they dance.
How shall I lose the sin, yet keep the sense, and love the offender, yet detest the offence?
Genius creates, and taste preserves. Taste is the good sense of genius; without taste, genius is only sublime folly.
Party-spirit at best is but the madness of many for the gain of a few.
Hope travels through, nor quits us when we die.
For Forms of Government let fools contest; whatever is best administered is best.
Slave to no sect, who takes no private road, But looks through Nature up to Nature's God.
The ruling passion, be it what it will. The ruling passion conquers reason still.
The bookful blockhead, ignorantly read, With loads of learned lumber in his head.
Whoever thinks a faultless piece to see, Thinks what ne'er was, nor is, nor e'er shall be.
Extremes in nature equal ends produce; In man they join to some mysterious use.
Some old men, continually praise the time of their youth. In fact, you would almost think that there were no fools in their days, but unluckily they themselves are left as an example.
Behold the child, by Nature's kindly law pleased with a rattle, tickled with a straw.
Men would be angels, angels would be gods.
And all who told it added something new, and all who heard it, made enlargements too.
Know then this truth, enough for man to know virtue alone is happiness below.
Lulled in the countless chambers of the brain, our thoughts are linked by many a hidden chain; awake but one, and in, what myriads rise!
Fondly we think we honor merit then, When we but praise ourselves in other men.
Pride is still aiming at the best houses: Men would be angels, angels would be gods. Aspiring to be gods, if angels fell; aspiring to be angels men rebel.
The hungry judges soon the sentence sign, and wretches hang that jurymen may dine.
Like Cato, give his little senate laws, and sit attentive to his own applause.
Who shall decide when doctors disagree, And soundest casuists doubt, like you and me?
Get place and wealth, if possible with grace; if not, by any means get wealth and place.
Gentle dullness ever loves a joke.
Wit is the lowest form of humor.
Health consists with temperance alone.
Virtue she finds too painful an endeavour, content to dwell in decencies for ever.
Never was it given to mortal man - To lie so boldly as we women can.
'Tis education forms the common mind; just as the twig is bent the tree's inclined.
Men must be taught as if you taught them not, and things unknown proposed as things forgot.
Man never thinks himself happy, but when he enjoys those things which others want or desire.
True ease in writing comes from art, not chance, as those move easiest who have learn'd to dance.
Tis but a part we see, and not a whole.
The world forgetting, by the world forgot.
The worst of madmen is a saint run mad.
Lo, what huge heaps of littleness around!
At ev'ry word a reputation dies.
I find myself hoping a total end of all the unhappy divisions of mankind by party-spirit, which at best is but the madness of many for the gain of a few.
