English,Actor
I've heard I've been called a bad boy, or difficult.
I've learned by watching films that inspired me and people who inspired me like Robert Redford and Paul Newman. I love old school acting. I love subtlety, and I also love being spontaneous, and that's really what works for me.
I love traveling, but I hate planes.
I think most actors are insecure and scared of rejection.
My dad's one of my biggest heroes. I also think Paul Newman's an inspiration. I know a lot of people say that, but I love that he's a great role model and a humanitarian. I admire people who don't necessarily want to change the world, but try to make it a better environment.
I think you have to be very secure as an actor to escape yourself - to revisit someone's past, whether you're portraying another person or creating someone, and then to come back to who you are and not bring those emotions with you.
I want to have lots of bodyguards around me and be surrounded by beautiful women while watching my brother play at Wimbledon.
Being an actor in L.A. is like being in prison: you go, you serve your time, you try to replicate Johnny Depp's career - and then you move to Paris.
I wish I had some interesting stories about living in L.A., but mostly I just do my work and then go home.
I'm the gypsy man. I don't really live anywhere. I've got a roof over my head in Los Angeles, and I've got a lot of friends everywhere.
'I Am Number Four' is a great story about a guy who's trying to find his destiny and figure out who he is and his identity.
I don't really look for a script and go, 'I need to do a thriller, so I'm going to do this.' I just read scripts and look for the best possible story.
I did a modeling gig for Burberry once, and it was a great experience, but no I am not a model. I want to be a model because it's a lot easier than acting.
The thing is when you play a character it's the persona you bring across from a book to film, or book to script to film. If I play Frank Sinatra, there's gonna be things I do in a movie that Frank might not have done, but it's the personality that comes across.
I never think about the next movie. I always think about the situation I'm in now, but you do think about an arc someone can go. I love Johnny Depp, I love 'Pirates of the Caribbean,' but I never wanted to play the same character over and over again.
I'm very ambitious. I live in reality but I have dreams I want to fulfill - I want to be a director, and I've already started my own production company. But I also have a measure of success that I keep to myself. It's something very personal to me.
I prefer to play the bad guy - it gives you more freedom as an actor.
My favourite books are Charles Bukowski's 'Post Office' and 'Women.'
I'm too scared to perform onstage. I'm not very good with big crowds.
I love New York. I love L.A. too. I love both places.
I'm forever a Pittsburgh Pirates fan. Apparently I've picked the worst baseball team in the world.
'I Am Number Four' is an action-packed adventure entwined with a romantic story. I play the role of John Smith. John wants to be a normal kid, but he is from a different planet and he has been given this destiny of becoming a warrior.
Los Angeles is a very magical place when you take the entertainment industry out of it. You have beautiful beaches and amazing mountains here. I'm a big rock climber. I head out into the mountains whenever I have free time. It's amazing.
There are not many places in the world where you can get to the beach in an hour, the desert in two hours and snowboarding or skiing in three hours. You can do all that in California.
I jumped off a cliff backwards for 'I Am Number Four,' which was pretty cool. I'd never done that before. It took seven takes from different angles and luckily there were no injuries. I came close, though. My head nearly hit the rock at one point.
Look, every actor has a different way of preparing or creating a character and yeah, we all are from different backgrounds.
