English,Actor
Contrast of emotions is definitely something interesting that you like to do as an actor.
I have to work hard to be punctual, to not lose my temper, take direction and be told what to do - and most of all listen rather than talk.
I'm not an experienced sailor.
There wasn't a lot of discipline in my life, and I hated it being imposed on me at school.
My advice to any teenager would be don't try too hard - just get on with it. That's what I did. Have fun; enjoy life.
I'm so computer illiterate, I barely know how to send an e-mail. I mean, I have a laptop and Gmail, but I don't really look at it much.
I haven't had a lot of 'Games Of Thrones' groupies. The fans seem to be really nice. They don't seem that invasive.
One thing I would say is that I think in any environment that you work in, there's always going to be one or two people who you don't like. But there just wasn't that on 'Games Of Thrones'. I know it sounds cheesy and cliched, but it was like a big family.
What I've been noticing is people coming up to me and going, 'Are you an actor?' which is cool. That's ultimately what I want.
Although I have fantastic connections, I didn't know as a child what feeling secure meant.
I've always known my dad is a one-off and his own person. But I feel that underneath he has always loved me.
I actually love pressure. I loved playing sport at school in front of a crowd; I love being on stage in front of a big audience. I buzz off that.
Finn Jones, me and him hang out a lot.
For years, my dad's friend Joe was just my dad's friend. And it was only when I was 12 or 13 I learned that he was the lead singer of a band called The Clash.
I definitely feel like I had a different upbringing to a lot of other people, but not in a bad - or good - way.
When I was a kid, I was roaming through Glastonbury Festival at eight years old, on my own. I say 'on my own', but I was probably with my oldest sister Sarah, and she would have been 13 or 14 at the time, so she'd have been walking us around. But I got to go places and meet people, and was trusted a lot, without a doubt.
I don't have any fear of turning 30. But maybe that's because I know I'm never going to be 30 mentally at any point in my life!
It's fun playing the bad guy. It comes naturally.
I'm definitely not a bad guy in real life.
I'm really lovely and sensitive.
Obviously, in theatre, you work chronologically, so you kind of know where your emotions are supposed to be, and you're always on top of things, and as an actor, you always know what's coming next.
I think that's how any actor would make their performance convincing: by bringing an element of themselves into the character.
You can say to actors that you've got to be the character and really get into it, but you have to make it realistic by bringing an element of yourself into it.
I saw a psychiatrist when I was younger because I had ADHD, and I had some problems with authority, so I guess I can kind of relate to that in a way. I know what it's liked to be probed and to be asked questions where people are looking for a certain answer and are trying to pull something out of your answer.
I'm really bad at keeping secrets.
It's amazing. I love being an uncle.
I remember being in St. Lucia and my dad taking me out on a jet ski. I was very young, too young, but, yup, dad does like to break rules.
My mum wouldn't do a film for money. She does it as a passion. That's why she's involved in things that are so brilliant. She really cares about what she does.
I do prefer playing baddies because you can push being horrible as far as you want.
'Game of Thrones' is my big break, so I've got to make the most of it, keep acting well.
I actually love pressure.
I loved playing sport at school in front of a crowd; I love being on stage in front of a big audience. I buzz off that.
