English,Musician
Every bad situation is a blues song waiting to happen.
Life's short. Anything could happen, and it usually does, so there is no point in sitting around thinking about all the ifs, ands and buts.
Cause I'm a musician, I'm not really good at posing and being a model, like, modeling.
I wouldn't say I'm a feminist, but I don't like girls pretending to be stupid because it's easier.
There's no point in saying anything but the truth.
I do suffer from depression, I suppose. Which isn't that unusual. You know, a lot of people do.
I was hit by a car once on my bike, but I still rode home.
If I died tomorrow, I would be a happy girl.
I fall in love every day. Not with people but with situations.
My justification is that most people my age spend a lot of time thinking about what they're going to do for the next five or ten years. The time they spend thinking about their life, I just spend drinking.
Some men do think I'm a psycho bunny-boiler.
I'm happiest with my family around me.
Yes, I'm still going to misbehave!
I don't regret anything.
I don't think your ability to fight has anything to do with how big you are. It's to do with how much anger is in you.
I don't have emotional needs, only physical ones.
If you're nice to me I'll never write anything bad about you.
Yeah, I'm an open book.
If I heard someone else singing like me, I would buy it in a heartbeat.
When you're around kids you can be a little kid yourself and pretend that life is magic and you don't have to be one of those sweaty people going to work every day.
I would say that jazz is my own language.
I always wrote poetry and stuff like that, so putting songs together wasn't that spectacular.
I'm not frightened of appearing vulnerable.
I can play a lot of different instruments adequately but nothing really well.
I saw a picture of myself when I came out of the hospital. I didn't recognize myself.
Here in England, everyone's a pop star, innit, whereas in America they believe in the term artist.
I'm much healthier now.
I listen to music that is of our time and I just get angry.
I just like tattoos.
I'm lucky because I do get to fly first-class now.
I'm ugly.
Girls talk to each other like men talk to each other. But girls have an eye for detail.
I know I'm talented, but I wasn't put here to sing. I was put here to be a wife and a mom and look after my family. I love what I do, but it's not where it begins and ends.
I'm of the school of thought where, if you can't sort something out for yourself, no one can help you. Rehab is great for some people but not others.
My parents pretty much realized that I would do whatever I wanted, and that was it, really.
I've always been a little homemaker.
Women don't try to use me.
I've had everything pierced at some point.
All the songs I write are about human dynamics, whether it's with girlfriends, boyfriends, or family.
I've never been a boyfriend kind of girl.
I'm always happy to blow up any misconceptions that people have about stage school cos everyone thinks it's really nasty there but it's not.
I love America, it's a much more permissive place.
I'm such a kid at heart.
The jazz I love is sweet and pure with raw elements, which is exactly what the good hip-hop is doing now.
When I'm nervous, I stutter, and I had to keep stopping and starting.
I made an album I'm very proud of, and that's about it.
I can be a cruel person.
I've got a crush on my backing singer.
I look after people.
I didn't think it was special to be able to sing.
If you play an instrument, it makes you a better singer. The more you play, the better you sing, the more you sing, the better you play.
I would love to study guitar or trumpet.
I want at least five kids. I want twins.
