English,Mathematician
The definition of a good mathematical problem is the mathematics it generates rather than the problem itself.
Pure mathematicians just love to try unsolved problems - they love a challenge.
It's fine to work on any problem, so long as it generates interesting mathematics along the way - even if you don't solve it at the end of the day.
Just because we can't find a solution it doesn't mean that there isn't one.
I know it's a rare privilege, but if one can really tackle something in adult life that means that much to you, then it's more rewarding than anything I can imagine.
However impenetrable it seems, if you don't try it, then you can never do it.
I had this rare privilege of being able to pursue in my adult life, what had been my childhood dream.
The greatest problem for mathematicians now is probably the Riemann Hypothesis.
Always try the problem that matters most to you.
That particular odyssey is now over. My mind is now at rest.
But the best problem I ever found, I found in my local public library.
The only way I could relax was when I was with my children.
I really believed that I was on the right track, but that did not mean that I would necessarily reach my goal.
I hope that seeing the excitement of solving this problem will make young mathematicians realize that there are lots and lots of other problems in mathematics which are going to be just as challenging in the future.
Mathematicians aren't satisfied because they know there are no solutions up to four million or four billion, they really want to know that there are no solutions up to infinity.
I grew up in Cambridge in England, and my love of mathematics dates from those early childhood days.
I loved doing problems in school. I'd take them home and make up new ones of my own. But the best problem I ever found, I found in my local public library. I was just browsing through the section of math books and I found this one book, which was all about one particular problem - Fermat's Last Theorem.
Fermat said he had a proof.
There are proofs that date back to the Greeks that are still valid today.
Well, some mathematics problems look simple, and you try them for a year or so, and then you try them for a hundred years, and it turns out that they're extremely hard to solve.
I realized that anything to do with Fermat's Last Theorem generates too much interest.
I tried to fit it in with some previous broad conceptual understanding of some part of mathematics that would clarify the particular problem I was thinking about.
Perhaps the methods I needed to complete the proof would not be invented for a hundred years. So even if I was on the right track, I could be living in the wrong century.
I don't believe Fermat had a proof. I think he fooled himself into thinking he had a proof.
We've lost something that's been with us for so long, and something that drew a lot of us into mathematics. But perhaps that's always the way with math problems, and we just have to find new ones to capture our attention.
I was so obsessed by this problem that I was thinking about it all the time - when I woke up in the morning, when I went to sleep at night - and that went on for eight years.
