English,Author
The habit of reading is the only enjoyment in which there is no alloy; it lasts when all other pleasures fade.
I hold that gentleman to be the best-dressed whose dress no one observes.
Marvelous is the power which can be exercised, almost unconsciously, over a company, or an individual, or even upon a crowd by one person gifted with good temper, good digestion, good intellects, and good looks.
Passionate love, I take it, rarely lasts long, and is very troublesome while it does last. Mutual esteem is very much more valuable.
When the ivy has found its tower, when the delicate creeper has found its strong wall, we know how the parasite plants grow and prosper.
Never think that you're not good enough. A man should never think that. People will take you very much at your own reckoning.
When a man is ill nothing is so important to him as his own illness.
A woman's life is not perfect or whole till she has added herself to a husband. Nor is a man's life perfect or whole till he has added to himself a wife.
My sweetheart is to me more than a coined hemisphere.
Dance with a girl three times, and if you like the light of her eye and the tone of voice with which she, breathless, answers your little questions about horseflesh and music about affairs masculine and feminine, then take the leap in the dark.
I do not know whether there be, as a rule, more vocal expression of the sentiment of love between a man and a woman, than there is between two thrushes. They whistle and call to each other, guided by instinct rather than by reason.
The true picture of life as it is, if it could be adequately painted, would show men what they are, and how they might rise, not, indeed to perfection, but one step first, and then another on the ladder.
But then in novels the most indifferent hero comes out right at last. Some god comes out of a theatrical cloud and leaves the poor devil ten thousand-a-year and a title.
I have no ambition to surprise my reader. Castles with unknown passages are not compatible with my homely muse.
And though it is much to be a nobleman, it is more to be a gentleman.
As to that leisure evening of life, I must say that I do not want it. I can conceive of no contentment of which toil is not to be the immediate parent.
It is a comfortable feeling to know that you stand on your own ground. Land is about the only thing that can't fly away.
It has now become the doctrine of a large clan of politicians that political honesty is unnecessary, slow, subversive of a man's interests, and incompatible with quick onward movement.
No man thinks there is much ado about nothing when the ado is about himself.
Poverty, to be picturesque, should be rural. Suburban misery is as hideous as it is pitiable.
It is self-evident that at sixty-five a man has done all that he is fit to do.
This at least should be a rule through the letter-writing world: that no angry letter be posted till four-and-twenty hours will have elapsed since it was written.
There is no way of writing well and also of writing easily.
It has become a certainty now that if you will only advertise sufficiently you may make a fortune by selling anything.
In these days a man is nobody unless his biography is kept so far posted up that it may be ready for the national breakfast-table on the morning after his demise.
Wine is valued by its price, not its flavour.
What is there that money will not do?
It is the test of a novel writer's art that he conceal his snake-in-the-grass; but the reader may be sure that it is always there.
When men think much, they can rarely decide.
A man's love, till it has been chastened and fastened by the feeling of duty which marriage brings with it, is instigated mainly by the difficulty of pursuit.
Oxford is the most dangerous place to which a young man can be sent.
High rank and soft manners may not always belong to a true heart.
It is a grand thing to rise in the world. The ambition to do so is the very salt of the earth. It is the parent of all enterprise, and the cause of all improvement.
When it comes to money nobody should give up anything.
An author must be nothing if he do not love truth; a barrister must be nothing if he do.
A fellow oughtn't to let his family property go to pieces.
It may almost be a question whether such wisdom as many of us have in our mature years has not come from the dying out of the power of temptation, rather than as the results of thought and resolution.
I do like a little romance... just a sniff, as I call it, of the rocks and valleys. Of course, bread-and-cheese is the real thing. The rocks and valleys are no good at all, if you haven't got that.
They who do not understand that a man may be brought to hope that which of all things is the most grievous to him, have not observed with sufficient closeness the perversity of the human mind.
