English,Actor
If your best friend has stolen your girlfriend, it does become life and death.
That hunger of the flesh, that longing for ease, that terror of incarceration, that insistence on tribal honour being obeyed: all of that exists, and it exists everywhere.
The trick is to try and justify every word on the page and make sure my character is the man who would say that.
One of the greatest things drama can do, at it's best, is to redefine the words we use every day such as love, home, family, loyalty and envy. Tragedy need not be a downer.
In cinema, the leading player is the director.
When I choose a role it's either because I recognise the man, or that I'm very curious to know him. If I neither recognise nor know him, then it is better that I don't play him.
Filming is so much to do with rhythm, as is music, and if it isn't there then you know in the end nobody can save it really, they can't.
Fifteen years before I became a screen actor, I was in the theatre. A lot of my work was comedy, which I loved doing. It's harder.
I think that you can fall into bad habits with comedy... It's a tightrope to stay true to the character, true to the irony, and allow the irony to happen.
But filming is good for you, because the crew isn't allowed to laugh. You can't get addicted to getting the laugh.
I just loved playing a man who was unafraid of making an idiot of himself in the process of falling in love. I found that admirable.
There's so much crap talked about acting.
Somewhere in your career, your work changes. It becomes less anal, less careful and more spontaneous, more to do with the information that your soul carries.
I was fortunate as a young actor, to go straight to the RSC, where I learned that being an actor can bring with it wonderful responsibilities.
As a singer, I might have fallen among thieves. I wonder if I'd still be alive by now.
As an actor there's no autonomy, unless you're prepared to risk the possibility of starving.
There have not been any troughs as regards my work. There's never been a trough of my assurance.
I don't honestly think people know what acting is.
If I were to play somebody who ran a fish and chip shop, I would not work in a fish and chip shop for three months. Staring at chips is not going to help me in my performance.
I think that most actors, and they're a very strange lot actors, very strange people, but I think that they attempt to keep in touch with the child.
I think that all of us either lose touch with the child inside us or try and hold onto it because it so precious to us and it's such an extraordinary part of our lives.
But comedy I'd love to do as much as humanly possible.
The hierarchy of class in London was rigid. It was like a religion. It still is to a certain extent.
The camera does not like acting. The camera is only interested in filming behaviour. So you damn well learn your lines until you know them inside out, while standing on your head!
When you drop your guard in films, the acting process compensates. You get lazy and you start acting.
With narration, you have to be very accurate with your voice. It's a good exercise to do.
John Lennon and Ringo Starr liked my songs. I used to write songs and they heard me sing songs on stage in London.
