English,Actor
The most amazing thing is when you find yourself watching someone in the cafe or something doing something weird. It's amazing what people do, isn't it, when you just look at them, when you take the time to look.
The criminal justice system, like any system designed by human beings, clearly has its flaws.
I reckon domesticated cats have a pretty good life.
I think being very thin has had a lot to do with how I've been cast.
I would have loved to have been a painter or a sculptor. I'm still fascinated by those things.
We are so mired in the complexity of our reactions to other people that when you come across someone who is asocial, there is a simplicity that is refreshing.
I think that sometimes in theater, I don't prepare much beyond going to the rehearsals.
In film, I find it very useful always to do some preparation before you start rehearsals or start shooting, because there's so much that's against you on a film set.
I find it really hard to say anything coherent or interesting about the work I do.
It's fun to pretend you're good at something you know you wouldn't be good at in real life.
I used to collect knick-knacks, like wizards, trolls and little buddhas, and arrange them like precious things on a shelf.
I'm a fairly private person.
I love the characters I've had the opportunity to play.
I love films. I love music. I love poetry and stories. All of that I feel... I sort of get very excited and fed by.
I don't think anyone can walk through the world in a state of vulnerability all the time, can they?
I was quite a shy child - not chronically, but I tended to blend into the background.
The thing I love most about acting is that your capacity evolves as you evolve as a human being.
My intuition comes up with better stuff than my head, I think.
One of the things I find very difficult about theatre is the repetition - that something can slide away from your original intentions.
The thing I love about acting is that you can bring something very personal into the open and at the same time remain hidden because you're always playing a character in a story that someone else has imagined. You're always protected.
I love taking on other people's words. They are much more interesting to me than my own.
Even today, England is a very repressed, repressive country, and there's pressure to be kind of a certain way, so people do things that ultimately make them sad.
I wish that the arts were better supported, and you can't say that enough times, but I also believe that whatever happens, artists will keep going.
I've gone on workout regimes, but I seem to have a system that is very resistant to changing.
I don't have any ambition to make lots of money or win an Oscar or anything like that. It's not about that for me.
I'd like to have a go at directing.
