English,Musician
You have to find balance. Whenever I start feeling stressed or not feeling myself, it's about balance, and it means I need to find it again.
The guitarist always looks a bit clever because he's got so many strings and apparently knows what to do with them.
The drummer is the backbone of the band and is the real underrated one.
It's impossible to capture every single facet of someone's personality in a film.
II'm quite a successful musician, but I'm not sure if it's my vocation.
With guitar, bass and drums, you've got limited horizons.
There's parts of touring I like. I like the actual performance part, but the bit when you're in the airport waiting at the carousel for your bags to come around, I don't like that a bit.
Landscape affects you.
Playing live is great, but it's not a creative thing, really. It's a reproductive thing.
There's challenges in life that present themselves unexpectedly, and if you rise to them, then those challenges will toughen you up.
Los Angeles produced the Beach Boys. Dusseldorf produced Kraftwerk. New York produced Chic. Manchester produced Joy Division.
If you're a lead singer, then you can't afford to be sensitive. On stage, everyone looks at the lead singer, even if you don't want them to - in America, they have those massive follow spots on you all the time; it does your head in. So, if you are a lead singer and you don't toughen up, you're in the wrong job, and you have to get out.
I see all the musicians in Blur with equal standing, really.
I think that if you're on the same team, you should be pushing in the same direction.
If you choose to take a path in life, don't blame other people for the path you've chosen to take.
I like a challenge. I like learning new skills because I didn't learn much at school.
I think every day how incredibly lucky it is that I travel around the world playing to thousands of people.
I'm terrible with decisions. And I can't make myself do something I don't like. I can't knuckle under.
If you have a bereavement in your family, it's a terrible, terrible thing. But, you know, time passes. It's part of the cycle. It doesn't hurt so much.
I'd had to cope with a lot of death and illness in my family from a young age, and that maybe gave me a bleak outlook on the world.
I felt that by the late '90s, I'd gone as far as I could with the keyboard.
I think in South America people are very, uh, they have no inhibitions and wear their hearts on their sleeves - what's the word? They're very expressive, demonstrative.
It's weird: people used to want your autograph; now what they want to do is to take your photograph with an iPhone. And sometimes they'll pop their arm around you to hold their iPhone; they're shaking when they take it.
It can be an educational thing to play your songs to people because you see where you've gone right and where you've gone wrong.
In New Order, I played about 95% of the synths. It's not much fun for the other guys in the band when I'm playing my synth parts.
I knew from working with New Order that I enjoyed working with Phil Cunningham.
In Salford, we had fish in our tap water. I remember, one hot summer day, running to the toilet at playtime and dunking our heads in a sink full of water. I remember putting my head in and seeing all these little fish in it.
Being a single mother in the late 1950s was a very shocking thing - and dreadful thing - for people.
By the time I was leaving school, there were no factories. There was no industry.
If I work on music, it'll be for 10 hours a day, so sometimes I'll feel stressed, and I'll go for a two-hour walk. That sorts me out.
If you go out and just play the old stuff and never write new stuff, you're not really a complete musician, you're a performer.
New Order has always been a hybrid band. We always mixed guitar, bass, drums with electronic.
The story of New Order is all about learning from our mistakes.
I'm not interested in how well someone can sing. It's what you're singing that interests me.
You can't put rubbish into a computer and get something good out.
If it wasn't for John Peel, there would be no Joy Division and no New Order. He was one of the few people to give bands that played alternative music a chance to get heard, and he continued to be a champion of cutting-edge music throughout his life.
I saw the Sex Pistols, and they were terrible.
I get writer's block all the time. The only way I can write what I consider to be good lyrics is to put myself through the mill.
The words that I'm most happy with are the ones that come from my subconscious rather than my conscious. They just feel right. I think that's the same with music, really. If you're doing an album, there's ten or eleven sets of lyrics, so you get to the point of inspiration ten or eleven times - it's difficult.
One of the things I like about music is it's an abstract art, totally abstract, where you can convey an emotion, which I find amazing.
I tend to think in images and feelings rather than non-abstract concepts.
Choosing a name for a band is always a difficult thing, and I don't think people should read too much into a name because, after all, it's just a handle. It doesn't mean anything.
I'm very proud of New Order and Joy Division, that heritage of songs.
I believe that every business and company takes two years to establish.
People come up to me and say, 'You changed my life.' I don't think I changed anyone's life. I think their life changed while they were listening to the music.
When Joy Division started, I was scared to death of having to get a normal day job.
If you start off writing an album with a band, the reality is that you're constantly in each other's company, so it's really important that you get on with each other.
I always felt like there were always egos involved when I was trying to get music finished in New Order. Sometimes it would feel like I was running through water.
I was no good at anything else at school. But I was good at one thing, which was creativity.
I never met Morrissey.
There were certain things I couldn't do with New Order without upsetting the rest of the band, so I started to write some solo stuff.
I used to be a party monster, very into Acid House, which I saw as my weekend reward for working hard all week.
You spend more time with your fellow band members than your girlfriend or wife, and you end up at each other's throats. It happens to all bands.
You don't see yourself in the same way other people see you.
I'm sure every time I bring something out that isn't New Order, people say it sounds like New Order.
You can't escape from yourself, can you?
Joy Division finished the 1970s on a high. Our debut album, 'Unknown Pleasures,' was doing well; we'd just finished a hugely enjoyable and successful tour. The band's profile was higher than it had ever been, and it seemed to be growing by the day.
As human beings, we all mature physically from childhood to adolescence and then into adulthood, but our emotions lag behind.
It's disrespectful to the older generation to have long hair. They fought in two world wars; they didn't fight for us to grow our hair and look like girls.
