English,Musician
I'm of the opinion that as a DJ you must always play what you love and ignore what's 'trendy' because true passion always eclipses what's fashionable. Quality is always fashionable.
I know that there are some people who don't like me, and that kind of surprises me more than the people who love me.
She's probably in denial that she's a great big ball of insecurity and I'm quite well aware that I am one.
The ultimate goal is to be more satisfied. I really don't believe you get wiser because you get older. It's a choice, perhaps not to take some things so seriously.
I've never felt as though I didn't belong, I just acted as though I did.
I've had to write in a different way because I'm not in a bad place and I'm not heartbroken, so there's no one I want revenge on.
I don't want to be a figure of disappointment.
Sometimes you surprise yourself with what you can handle, and if you come out the other end with some wisdom, then it's not such a bad thing.
I'm being honest, I say what I think.
Separation penetrates the disappearing person like a pigment and steeps him in gentle radiance.
I suppose there is a lot of toughness in me.
I'm always being inspired .
I would rather have a cup of tea than sex.
I can do anything. In GQ, I appeared as a man.
An actor is a guy who, if you ain't talking about him, he ain't listening.
A lot of people felt I was getting work because I was Boy George. My response at the time was that there's a lot of DJs making records, they're not all making good records, but they have the right to do that.
A lot of what I've been learning in the last two years is due to therapy - about my sexuality, why things go wrong, why relationships haven't worked. It isn't anything to do with anybody else; it's to do with me.
Beethoven had a great look. It was very much about the drama of appearance.
I also tried to avoid doing obvious dance records.
I just go in my back garden. It's the only place where people don't come and bother you.
I knew style and content went hand in hand.
I started going to Madame Louise's, the lesbian club where all the punk bands used to go - the Sex Pistols, the Clash. I remember seeing Billy Idol walk in there; he was gorgeous.
I think people could be a bit friendlier. The only real contact you have with people is when they're annoyed if you've had a party - you know, it's been a bit too noisy for them or something.
I try to exist in a world where there is freedom of opinion, where you're allowed to make jokes. I don't want to live in some PC world where no-one's allowed to say anything.
I was unwelcome in the U.S. for four years.
I'd got very successful, everyone knew who I was, but I felt very empty.
