English,Athlete
Don't send me flowers when I'm dead. If you like me, send them while I'm alive.
That Seaman is a handsome young man but he spends too much time looking in his mirror rather than at the ball. You can't keep goal with hair like that.
When I go, God's going to have to give up his favourite chair.
I wouldn't say I was the best manager in the business. But I was in the top one.
They say Rome wasn't built in a day, but I wasn't on that particular job.
I like my women to be feminine, not sliding into tackles and covered in mud.
On occasions I have been big-headed. I think most people are when they get in the limelight. I call myself Big Head just to remind myself not to be.
Beckham? His wife can't sing and his barber can't cut hair.
I want no epitaphs of profound history and all that type of thing. I contributed. I would hope they would say that, and I would hope somebody liked me.
Players lose you games, not tactics. There's so much crap talked about tactics by people who barely know how to win at dominoes.
If a chairman sacks the manager he initially appointed, he should go as well.
Walk on water? I know most people out there will be saying that instead of walking on it, I should have taken more of it with my drinks. They are absolutely right.
When you get to a certain age, there is no coming back.
I've decided to pick my moment to retire very carefully - in about 200 years time.
Who the hell wants fourteen pairs of shoes when they go on holiday? I haven't had fourteen pairs in my life.
We used to go to the pictures every Saturday night but we had to leave a little bit early and get home and watch Match of the Day - and my wife still complains she missed the last five minutes of every film we saw.
The river Trent is lovely, I know because I have walked on it for 18 years.
Telling the entire world and his dog how good a manager I was. I knew I was the best but I should have said nowt and kept the pressure off 'cos they'd have worked it out for themselves.
