English,Musician
Life is too short to do the things you don't love doing.
If heavy metal bands ruled the world, we'd be a lot better off.
I don't have interns. I don't have a manager. I don't have assistants. I don't have a secretary. I can't figure out Outlook Express. I'm the worst person in the world answering e-mails, and my phone is probably the oldest, most battered phone you can find. So I just talk to people.
If you really want to annoy me, ask me when I'm going to retire from rock n' roll.
Engineering stimulates the mind.
I am taking a break, but not a huge break because the Maiden record is actually happening right now, and I am recording it as we speak, well not right as we speak, but close.
Engineering stimulates the mind. Kids get bored easily. They have got to get out and get their hands dirty: make things, dismantle things, fix things. When the schools can offer that, you'll have an engineer for life.
Life on the road can get a little one-dimensional. I didn't want to reach 40 and have to say all I'd done was look out the window of a tour bus and get drunk.
I'm very good at daydreaming. Ask any of my schoolteachers.
In my teenage years I was put off the idea of a career in flying, because I'd convinced myself that you had to be a boffin with degrees in maths and physics, which were my weakest subjects.
With the Internet, bands can come and go every five minutes and the music looks disposable.
Best two rock voices I've heard in a last few years both have been from grunge bands: it's Eddie Vedder and the other one is Chris Cornell from Soundgarden.
The mystical poetry of William Blake's artwork also forms the basis for the album cover.
I shall refract myself, yes, I shall no longer be known as the prism.
Rock music should be gross: that's the fun of it. It gets up and drops its trousers.
Teachers need to be more inspirational. But it's also up to engineering to make itself more interesting.
When you cut human beings down to size, we're really quite simple creatures; food, shelter, warmth, light, heat and you build it up from there really until you finally go Gucci shoes or whatever it is or whatever your consumer desires are. All those desires are ultimately, they're about gratification.
Apart from death and taxes, the one thing that's certain in this life is that I'll never be a fashion icon.
Kids get bored easily. They have got to get out and get their hands dirty: make things, dismantle things, fix things.
Everything you need to know about Iron Maiden is onstage.
My dad always told me, 'I don't care what you do. Just aim to be the best at it. Even if it's the world's best window cleaner.'
Business is just about enabling human beings, nothing more, nothing less. Businesses need to recognize this fundamental fact.
I don't like being recognised, I have no interest in being famous at all, I just do what I do. If I could be like Captain Kirk and beam myself up and then beam myself down, I would!
If it all just happens like this for the rest of my life, it's going to be one endless Groundhog Day. I determined that I was not prepared to submit to this regime, so I thought I had to do something about it.
Iron Maiden is an institution, and I'm delighted that I'm involved in it, but there was a time that I wasn't delighted so I quit.
I enjoy making solo albums because over the years it's evolved into more of a genuine personal expression of story-telling and day dreams, and I work in a way that has more control.
