English,Musician
I'm not really sure what it was, the best moment. You always hope it's to come.
I like the fact that music is more abstract.
But when I started writing songs, I stopped painting completely, and the only art things I do are connected to the career, like album sleeves and, to some extent, posters and things like that.
The quality of the writing, really. Simple as that. Beautiful words. It's very nice as a singer to do great songs, which have wonderful lyrics and strong feelings underneath the song.
I like L.A., but I shouldn't live there.
You can never get silence anywhere nowadays, have you noticed?
Women! I have no idea. I don't know anything about women at all. They're a complete mystery to me.
Secretly, I wanted to look like Jimi Hendrix, but I could never quite pull it off.
Words can be very powerful. I find them very difficult.
When I stopped touring in the early '80s for a few years, it was a mistake looking back. I lost touch with my audience in a way and I think that was a bad career move.
Performing was terrifying.
Oh yes, much, because music is just something that comes to you. You don't question it.
It's not a very high failure rate if you choose people that you really like the sound of.
It's nice to know that there are several different avenues I could pursue.
It's fabulous when you do that, when you discover somebody who you like, when you kind of feel those feelings, even though he articulates them better.
In New York, you couldn't wish for a nicer audience, or in L.A., Chicago, Boston. But when you get into secondary markets, they don't have a clue.
I've had quite a few moments I've liked, so it's good enough.
I'd love to follow the Tour de France one day. It's a really exciting spectacle. I've only seen it once as it was coming into Paris and that was very exciting for me. I have memories of that.
I suppose young people think football is glamorous - soccer - it's big money and the stars of it, they look good and have a great big house and a huge Ferrari.
I met John Lennon and he was with his wife in Tokyo. I met him there.
I mean, there are so many of his songs that I like that I could easily do that one day.
I like the name Atomic Kitten. It's so great.
I had beautiful bikes and I was really into it. I just thought it was really glamorous.
I don't think I've ever played the Olympia before, but I'm not totally sure.
I don't do interviews at all when I'm on tour, so this time, on a day off, I'll do that kind of thing a little bit. I don't do big promotion schedules, not when I'm touring.
I didn't really want to give up music.
