English,Actor
Everybody, at some point in their life, has fallen down and not felt like getting back up, but you have to, no matter how difficult it is.
When I was a kid, probably 16 or 17, I got spotted by a model scout that wanted to represent me, and they sent me one modeling job, for Wall's ice cream. I did one job for them, and then a catwalk shoot for Kangol caps, and decided modeling was not for me.
Good-quality travel and good-quality food are the two luxuries that I never have any guilt indulging in.
It's generally more fun playing the villain.
It could be my downfall, but I don't think it is - Hollywood is run on perception, and if you stray off the path of what you want to do with your career, it's suicide.
I'm starting to get old. I want to eat some hamburgers and just relax.
I tend to go to bed really early on New Year's Eve. Then I wake up early, drive up while it's still dark, and hike out somewhere beautiful to watch the sunrise. I just take a couple hours and have a post-mortem of the year.
I really, really pride myself on being a professional and a man of keeping my word. It means a lot to me, truly.
I try desperately to never drink bottled water.
There's nothing ever monetarily or fame-seeking or any of the other motivations that sometimes go hand-in-hand with this profession. To me, it's just not like that. I'm on a journey of self-discovery and trying to avoid total existential crisis. That's the kind of operating zone that I'm approaching this business from.
A lot of my friends are gangsters. Not like gangsters - well, yeah, all sorts of levels of criminality - but not the types that are preying on innocent people. I have no interest in the type of criminality that has no respect for collateral damage.
You go through this business and you meet people that you bond with, and you get to go make movies with them. It's wonderful. What I've always dreamt of, in my career, is to have a brotherhood of collaborators, and go in and out of working with them. I'm just starting to get that, and it's really lovely.
I collect... for a long time, I collected Nike Air Max 90s, this specific shoe. And it really is nerdy, because collecting sneakers is not that nerdy, but if you don't wear them, and you keep the box fresh, if you're that fanatical about it, then you leap several categories into super-dork, and that's the way I was.
I was a little bit wary of playing Nicholas. In the script, which I think is true of the novel and the film, he's the only character not singing and dancing in a musical style. Playing someone who is the personification of good is a little difficult.
I'm currently doing Undeclared an American TV show set in a college. It just got aired and got massive ratings so hopefully that'll screen in the UK soon.
If I'd seen a grown man beating a crippled boy, of course I'd intervene. If my father died and left my mother destitute, it's your instinct to take care of her. So when I started to think about it in those terms, it started to make sense to me.
I love hip hop music, I make hip hop music.
No, I do a bunch of things to entertain myself. I paint, I make music, I take photographs.
In a work capacity I'm only interested in acting and producing.
I'm happy being an actor, it's what I have always wanted to do. I'm just lucky I got to do it so early.
Good roles are hard to come by, and whether they're a few lines or a lead, you snap 'em up when they come along.
I bought a house, and I've been decorating it.
I'm reading scripts, desperately wanting to work. I've set a couple of things up for next year.
The truth of the matter is the real industry is in LA and the cream of the talent is there.
And I just want to work with good directors and good people.
I find aspects of the industry tedious and hard to manage.
My favorite days are at home. Spend some time in the garden, cook a couple of nice meals, watch a couple of movies. I'm pretty boring.
English people are always surprised I'm English.
Being an actor is fantastic because you get to live your dreams and all of that, but I always think it's slightly irritating when you hear from the outside world, and people are like, 'Yeah, well, if I was an actor, and all I had to do was look good, I could be that ripped, too.'
I work 15 hours a day and still go to the gym. Most people work eight hours a day and say, 'I haven't got time to work out.'
I always think that the ability to fight and defend oneself is a skill that every man should have but endeavour never to use, you know?
I grew up in an environment where it was permittable to use violence to solve a problem. But it was not permittable ever to call the police under any circumstances. That was the kind of doctrine of my household. My dad was a career-long criminal, and you weren't calling the police for any reason.
I think my favorite show of all time was 'Deadwood.'
I don't tend to watch TV. I'm like a Netflix junkie. I watch a lot of documentaries and movies on Netflix. I like 'Downton Abbey.'
If I have a long period of time away from acting, I tend to write.
I actually just bought a ranch, and I'm going grow as much of my own foods - I've got thirty chickens, and I'm going to try to live as sustainably as possible.
It's been many years that I've been in this business. All of a sudden, I'm getting all of these wonderful people approaching me and asking me to work with them. It's very hard to say no when you love and respect people.
In particular, the film 'Excalibur' was definitely one of those films that was instrumental in me realizing that I wanted to become an actor.
