English,Actor
I love New York, but I have to admit that I feel very English, and I do miss that sense of history that you have everywhere in Britain.
Daredevil's religion makes him unique. He's a vigilante, but he's also a lawyer - and all the while, he believes only God is capable of bringing people to justice.
I don't feel comfortable with the glorification of violence. But, as an actor who has had long periods of unemployment, you have to be lenient with your convictions.
My reaction when I hear the word 'celebrity' is, 'Who, me?' It doesn't feel like I'm famous.
I've struggled for confidence and had great doubts about myself. But, personally, I'm not riddled with guilt.
Daredevil was known as 'The Man Without Fear,' and I just thought, 'Well, I don't think that's very interesting.' I don't think it's very interesting to watch someone who's incapable of feeling fear. It also removes from the palate my favorite character attribute, which is courage. If you're not afraid, you can't exercise courage.
One of the great things about playing a fallible superhero, one who doesn't necessarily have superpowers, is that the stakes are raised by the prospect of them perishing.
I think the danger is to try and please everyone.
I am incredibly self-deprecating. It stems from self-doubt.
There's something very special about seeing history so clearly in front of you through that architecture that you just don't get in the U.S. If I was asked to choose where I'd most like to live, I would always choose London.
What I like about fairy tales is that they highlight the emotions within a story. The situations aren't real, with falling stars and pirates. But what you do relate to is the emotions that the characters feel.
Of all the London theatres, the Donmar is the dream.
I really fell into drama school - I had a lot of lot of luck. I didn't take criticism very well while I was there; in fact, I took it personally. With every note I got, I felt like they were telling me I was a bad person.
Claire Danes is lovely and a really great actress.
I was at a school in England, a prep school, from the ages of 8 and 13. And every play they did was a musical. Parents love musicals. And I don't sing. It was driving me crazy. 'We're doing 'Macbeth.' 'Yes!' 'The musical!' And I was always in the chorus, because of course, in all the main parts, you had to be able to sing.
I left Britain in the mid-1990s when TV was going down the cundy - another good Dundee word - because I wanted a film career. But as I get older, I find myself being drawn back to my roots, and I'm loving it.
Fame terrifies me. I can say that with honesty. You're terrified that, when people know the real you, they won't like you.
It's so easy to become obsessed with the film industry and recognition that we can forget that we are not saving the world. We are just actors trying to entertain people.
I'm a London lad, but I'm fascinated by America. I want to take a motorcycling trip across the country and see those wide open spaces.
It was weird. Like, people came up to me and knew me as Daredevil before any footage had come out. I remember a guy on the subway being like, 'You're Charlie Cox. You're Daredevil.' And I was like, 'Yeah...?' I was barely Daredevil. I hadn't even signed the contract, you know?
I grew up Catholic, and when you've grown up, and these belief systems have been presented to you at a young, impressionable age, I don't know that you can shake them. Even if your rational mind tells you something else, sometimes they're so deeply ingrained that they are with you for the rest of your life.
The great thing about doing a play is you get this rehearsal period, which you don't get with most film and television roles.
Mark Rylance is one of my heroes. I saw 'Jerusalem' four or five times, twice in New York, twice in London.
I've gone through long periods of time when there's no work for me. You wait for the next job to come along, and when it does, there's never a consideration about whether you do or don't do something.
I'd love to play Spiderman, but I'm definitely too old for that role now.
Sometimes you think about the job that we, as actors, do. I take it very seriously, and I care very much about it, but I'm paid to make believe. When you're a kid, you go to your friend's house, and it's, 'Let's pretend we're both cowboys!' Without belittling it, that's basically what I do - I tell stories.
