English,Novelist
There are dark shadows on the earth, but its lights are stronger in the contrast.
The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again.
Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it to anyone else.
If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers.
Electric communication will never be a substitute for the face of someone who with their soul encourages another person to be brave and true.
The whole difference between construction and creation is exactly this: that a thing constructed can only be loved after it is constructed; but a thing created is loved before it exists.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
Nature gives to every time and season some beauties of its own; and from morning to night, as from the cradle to the grave, it is but a succession of changes so gentle and easy that we can scarcely mark their progress.
'Tis love that makes the world go round, my baby.
I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.
I never could have done what I have done without the habits of punctuality, order, and diligence, without the determination to concentrate myself on one subject at a time.
Charity begins at home, and justice begins next door.
The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother.
It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
We forge the chains we wear in life.
An idea, like a ghost, must be spoken to a little before it will explain itself.
Reflect upon your present blessings of which every man has many - not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
To conceal anything from those to whom I am attached, is not in my nature. I can never close my lips where I have opened my heart.
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart.
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
The age of chivalry is past. Bores have succeeded to dragons.
Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home!
Send forth the child and childish man together, and blush for the pride that libels our own old happy state, and gives its title to an ugly and distorted image.
It is a melancholy truth that even great men have their poor relations.
There is nothing so strong or safe in an emergency of life as the simple truth.
Home is a name, a word, it is a strong one; stronger than magician ever spoke, or spirit ever answered to, in the strongest conjuration.
May not the complaint, that common people are above their station, often take its rise in the fact of uncommon people being below theirs?
A wonderful fact to reflect upon, that every human creature is constituted to be that profound secret and mystery to every other.
Credit is a system whereby a person who can not pay gets another person who can not pay to guarantee that he can pay.
Great men are seldom over-scrupulous in the arrangement of their attire.
We are so very 'umble.
There are not a few among the disciples of charity who require, in their vocation, scarcely less excitement than the votaries of pleasure in theirs.
He had but one eye and the pocket of prejudice runs in favor of two.
He would make a lovely corpse.
Little Red Riding Hood was my first love. I felt that if I could have married Little Red Riding Hood, I should have known perfect bliss.
Anything for the quick life, as the man said when he took the situation at the lighthouse.
In the little world in which children have their existence, whosoever brings them up, there is nothing so finely perceived and so finely felt, as injustice.
Bring in the bottled lightning, a clean tumbler, and a corkscrew.
Most men are individuals no longer so far as their business, its activities, or its moralities are concerned. They are not units but fractions.
It opens the lungs, washes the countenance, exercises the eyes, and softens down the temper; so cry away.
Let us be moral. Let us contemplate existence.
Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature.
You don't carry in your countenance a letter of recommendation.
Renunciation remains sorrow, though a sorrow borne willingly.
Dignity, and even holiness too, sometimes, are more questions of coat and waistcoat than some people imagine.
When a man bleeds inwardly, it is a dangerous thing for himself; but when he laughs inwardly, it bodes no good to other people.
It's my old girl that advises. She has the head. But I never own to it before her. Discipline must be maintained.
Although a skillful flatterer is a most delightful companion if you have him all to yourself, his taste becomes very doubtful when he takes to complimenting other people.
Christmas time! That man must be a misanthrope indeed, in whose breast something like a jovial feeling is not roused - in whose mind some pleasant associations are not awakened - by the recurrence of Christmas.
