English,Actress
The idea of your younger sibling being in pain and realizing you are the cause of that pain is unbearable.
The monarchy is thousands of years old and has experienced many things like 'The Crown' in the past. They're always changing and evolving; that's the thing. They have to.
I think, whenever you're doing anything, you don't want anyone anywhere to watch it and think that what your character is doing is ridiculous. You don't want anyone to watch it and go, 'Oh my God, that's just fortuitous.'
Any scene I've ever played where I've thought people who watch it had experienced something like that - for example, people who've had to deal with losing a parent - I want to do it as respectfully as possible for those people.
The coronation is a symbol of power, but it's not a symbol for us the people. It's a symbol for that person, who is a human, to become a higher being and become one with God. The church, the scepter, and the crown have been around forever. And the line of kings of England goes back thousands of years.
Being really likeable all the time is just not real life, so it's your duty to make a well-rounded character.
I've seen 'Pride and Prejudice' about 4,000 times. I'm not joking: I know every single line.
I'm lucky I have a fast metabolism... my whole family does... everyone's got a lot of nervous energy so we burn it off.
I am always so envious of people who do whatever they want.
I wouldn't have been able to go to drama school when I was 19. I don't think I was even conscious of life... I was like a zombie. But when I finished uni' I just realised... just go and do it, stop being a knob.
If I was working nine to five, acting would be my hobby... I always feel like maybe I should do an Open University degree. But I'm never going to.
I've worked in supermarkets, put tags in baseball caps and provided security during Wimbledon, but I never thought acting would be something I'd be any good at, or make a living from.
Growing up, I was obsessed with Leonardo DiCaprio.
I hate having to pose for photos. It's just so embarrassing. Everyone is expecting you to know what to do because you're an actor, but I haven't a clue.
I love home, any home really - my mum's, and of course my own. I love eating food there and chilling in bed with a cup of tea.
I think, generally, British people are more culturally cynical about the things that involve our own country. Especially the royals.
I thought she was just the Queen and he was Prince Philip, and that was just who they were, without thinking about them as a mother or a father or daughter.
I think we should all have a private audience with Helen Mirren.
The Queen has stayed with me in the sense that she lets people come to her. She doesn't feel like she has to go out. I mean, she doesn't have to anyway because of her rank and her position, but she doesn't have to overdo it.
If you're doing something that's period, you've got to live in it, and you've got to make it resonate with you.
I just think, in every acting choice that you make, you've got to go for the least obvious choice.
With the royal family, you don't want to see them as people because it takes the sheen off. They're distant; you can idealize them. But there's room to have compassion for people and see them as human beings. Just because they're royalty, it doesn't mean they don't love or feel loss or feel pain.
You're more inclined to be cynical about your own country, and you romanticize it from the outside. And why not? It's much more interesting than thinking, 'Oh, everyone's struggling and normal.'
History has done a great disservice to Anne Boleyn.
I haven't really given much thought to the whole 'working mother' thing.
I think, Queen Victoria's diaries, I think you can get them if you go to the British Library.
