English,Musician
But Portugal has a peaceful feel about it. I sit on the terrace overlooking the vineyard there and I feel cut off from the world. You need that sort of thing.
I've got two places I like to be. Portugal is one.
The more I read my Bible the more I veered away from the Jehovah's Witnesses.
If I'm going to represent God I have to do it the best I can.
There is no better news, than the fact that Jesus can actually turn a life upside down and save it.
Someone recommended that I read the Bible, and it was then I discovered that I knew nothing about it.
I don't mean that if you're a Christian, walking close to God, you will immediately gain celebrity. you may fail as an artist, because you may not have what the public want at that time, and you have to be prepared for that.
I'm very grateful because my fans are very loyal.
But, of course, one relies on the everyday people who just simply like your music, for whom you may not be a hobby but they enjoy being in your presence at a concert.
Celebrities meet a lot of people and we just can't maintain them all in our fuddled brains.
And, of course, Barbados is the other place where I like to be.
Our industry is full of all sorts of eccentricities and one of them is owning property.
When you're out there with thousands of people it's probably better to have a bigger show to look at, and it turned out really well and they videoed it for me.
It's the business I'm in, I can't say that signing things is the favourite part of my career but you know that it has to be done and that there is no pain involved.
The thrill of hearing your own voice recorded is still there, I still love it, going into the studio and thinking how can I sing this song and between the producers and the musicians you find a way of doing it.
There's loads of things you can do to make things easy for your throat, you can drink a bit of lemon and hot water couple of spoons of honey, you can gargle with port, I've done it a couple of times myself - but don't swallow it!
When I became a Christian my confidence grew.
It's important to put all I have into my career.
But Jesus changes your attitude towards yourself and towards other people.
So I will go as far as I can into rock and roll carrying my Christian banner.
Of course, when I started my career, like anyone else who was 16 at the time, we were besotted by the rock-n-roll scene from America, and all I was interested in was having a career of my own.
We need to be adopted by God through Jesus - that was what happened to me, and that's what changed my life so that now, I can see that my career can be part of a calling.
About two months ago I finished a gospel tour.
I have tried to have a regular daily intake from my Bible, regardless of how late it is.
We need to pray and read the Bible every day, and regardless of whatever else happens to you, that tends to keep you close to Him, because you are constantly in touch through His Word.
It is important to have a circle of Christians friends, which I do have.
