English,Actor
Sexiness, particularly in movies, is the chess game in the 'Thomas Crown Affair'. It's, it's, I don't know, but Faye Dunaway comes up a lot in that thinking. It's the subtlety of sexiness. The moment you try to be sexy, then it's not.
When you read a novel, your own imagery is the most important. It's what makes reading such a wonderful thing.
You need to impress me, outwit me, compete with me? Go ahead, knock yourself out, I have no problem with that at all.
I've always retained my privacy, but now I protect it even more.
Any voices or fantasies, he lives with. Those are his everyday life things.
Revenge doesn't stop.
There's a conscious decision to everything I do.
It's not like I was trying to be sexy but I had to get fit because I had to be able to do stunts. Also I wanted that, if Bond took his clothes off, he looked like a man who did what he did, which was kill people for a living. I thought the only way to do that was to work out and get fit and buff and get physically into shape.
My mother gave me a real kick toward cooking, which was that if I wanted to eat, I'd better know how to do it myself.
I don't care what other people are doing.
I genuinely believe that if you want to get in the film business, get in the film business.
At some point, life starts to pass you by and becomes about avoidance. I want to stay clear from that situation, because I don't like that.
There's always going to be someone with a bigger toy than yours.
I just felt that you can't have a character fall in love so madly as they did in the last movie and not finish it off, understand it, get some closure. That's why the movie is called 'Quantum of Solace' - that's exactly what he's looking for.
I know it's surprising, but there is a generation of people who haven't seen a Bond movie. They have no idea what it is. I want to entertain them as much as anyone else.
I think there's a lot to be said for keeping your own counsel.
My family and friends treat me as they always have.
You've got to live your life, you've got to enjoy it.
I'm obsessive enough about getting fit, it's ridiculous. I'm 40 now, and I've got to stop doing it soon. I have to start getting fat and old!
As soon as someone tells me: 'You're rather sexy,' I wish I could disappear. If somebody says: 'You were voted the world's sexiest man,' I have no idea what that means. How do I respond? 'Thank you' is the best you can do. George Clooney is the world's sexiest man, anyway.
I find it very easy playing Bond. I think he's hilarious. He gets himself into some extraordinarily funny situations.
I have never played a role in which someone's dark side shouldn't be explored.
I know what I like in other actors: truth. That's the best. It makes you say, 'OK, I'll go with you on this.'
The bad reviews get to me, believe me.
If I wanted to make spy movies for the rest of my life, that would be one thing, but I don't want to just make spy movies.
It's not like I go out there to be a sex symbol. I mean, it's nice of course - but embarrassing.
I got through college.
There's more than one way to sense violence.
I've done a lot of things in my life.
I'm not trying to be macho, I promise you.
Good scripts are hard to find.
When you're making movies you've got to get obsessive.
The worst situation you can have in a thriller is a lead who looks like he can handle himself.
I take my work seriously.
Even the worst Bond movies, there's something to love about them.
I've been very lucky.
I don't say: 'can't do that', 'won't do that'. I've never thought in that way about work.
I take stuff because I'm inspired by it.
Anybody can leap off a building.
I can't really dress rock 'n' roll any more because I'm the wrong side of 40, but I want that to be the fashion.
Things need shaking up politically, culturally.
In all good westerns, the good guy is always a little bit questionable because he kind-of has to make moral judgments.
I just wanted to play a cowboy for a long time.
I've always reverted to a sense of childhood, just in everyday life.
You know, I think the film business is its own worst enemy because it sells movies on DVD footage and 'behind the scenes,' and now it's a real struggle trying to keep storylines and plotlines a secret.
I just think that the collective experience of going to see a film is something you can't recreate.
I used to think the press was a necessary evil and now I don't think it is. I think it's something you choose.
I was sick and tired of being an English actor who did a lot of American movies because I was cheap and good.
I'm potentially worth a lot of money, but I've got to go and make something that's worth a lot of money.
I never really had a strong accent.
I always wanted to make movies.
I love that my friends are all freaks.
The days of the misogynistic Bond are sort of over.
Suits are looked at more now as a business thing which is kind of a shame. If you're not wearing it just for work, you should try and trick it up a bit.
I have to be myself.
I stopped worrying about being desired a long time ago.
You get used to the rejection and you don't take it personally.
I don't care about how much other actors get.
I want people to treat me as normally as they can. Anybody who doesn't, I feel awkward with.
I like going to the gym every day because I'm in physiotherapy every day.
As a kid, I kind of spent my life being amazed by being tricked. I love being tricked. I still love it today.
Now, product placement, whichever way you look at it, whether you like it or you think it's disgusting, or whatever, it's what it is.
I've got to be high class... Which is sad, because I like bars.
Sometimes shooting on a smaller scale, as long as things don't blow out of proportion, is very liberating.
