English,Director
It's not so much what you learn about Mumbai, it's what you learn about yourself, really. It's a funny old hippie thing, but it's true as well. You find out a lot about yourself and your tolerance, and about your inclusiveness.
It's a good place when all you have is hope and not expectations.
To be a film-maker, you have to lead. You have to be psychotic in your desire to do something. People always like the easy route. You have to push very hard to get something unusual, something different.
Although I behave in a quite reserved way in my personal life, give me a stage and I'll be as flamboyant as I can.
One of Dickens' biggest influences was the growth of London as a Victorian city, and the extremes being created as it expanded.
I've always wanted to do a space movie.
I've never done a film before where every single person in the audience knows the ending. I mean suspense, twists are almost impossible these days. People are blogging your endings from their cinema seats.
I learned with 'The Beach' that I'm a bit better lower down the radar.
Celluloid will be the next decade's black and white.
I love huge movies. Not sure I am the guy to make them, but you can rely on me being there watching them.
It's easy to like the most popular films, but I have a great fondness for 'A Life Less Ordinary'.
I was brought up a very strict Catholic and I don't practice anymore or anything.
I kind of call myself an atheist, I suppose - although quite a spiritual atheist, I hope.
My dad was a labourer and my mum had exactly the same job as Noel Gallagher's mum - she was a dinner lady at our local school. Everyone comes over from Ireland and they get the same jobs.
I've sort of escaped my background, as people often do, through art and culture.
Both of my sisters have been teachers and they used to say you get asked between 300 and 600 questions every day which you have to answer. That's exactly what directing is. And the vast majority of those questions are not very interesting really, but they need somebody to make a decision - a good one or a bad one - and they follow it.
Actors are steeped in a world of agents and where the next job is coming from and what are their expenses and what is the hotel like. You want to take them out of that world and dump them into another world, so that when you meet them on the screen they don't seem like the guy who was in two others movies that year.
The sun is the most important thing in everybody's life, whether you're a plant, an animal or a fish, and we take it for granted.
I don't want to make pompous, serious films; I like films that have a kind of vivacity about them.
I like films that have a kind of vivacity about them.
If you take a loud pride in anything, people will rightly shoot you down.
I am a sci-fi fan.
Actors want to impress at the beginning, so you take advantage of that by suddenly saying, 'Right, you're here for two weeks.' What you're doing is creating a siege mentality.
I trained in the theatre.
A lot of film directors are quite scared of actors. They are a bit of a nightmare sometimes, but I like them. It looks like cunning, but you try to get extra things from them all the time, by stealth, by making them feel confident, so they trust you and you can push a bit.
I always say to anybody who's going over to America for the first time, 'Whatever you do, go and see a popular mainstream film with a big audience.' Because people shout out. You never get that in Britain. Everybody's so quiet, scared to laugh. It's like being in church.
That survival instinct, that will to live, that need to get back to life again, is more powerful than any consideration of taste, decency, politeness, manners, civility. Anything. It's such a powerful force.
I have this theory that your first film is always your best film in some way. I always try to get back to that moment when you're not relying on things you've done before.
I don't want people to sit there and objectively watch the film. I want them to experience it as something that's under their skin, so you try to make the films really tactile.
Movies about space raise those questions of what we're doing here, and that inevitably introduces a spiritual dimension.
I love cities.
I made this film 'The Beach,' which didn't take place in a city, and it didn't really suit me.
Originally I'm a big pop-music aficionado, that's my love.
I love that sense of change that you'd get in pop music every three minutes, every four minutes.
I'm not a 'Star Wars' geek.
Brian Cox is the nicest guy, but he's so arrogant.
I mean suspense, twists are almost impossible these days.
Come a crisis, we want other people.
You experience the films through the actors, so they're all locked into your imagination in some kind of layer of fantasy or hatred or wherever they settle into your imagination.
You don't realize it, but often people are frightened of the director.
I want people to leave the cinema feeling that something's been confirmed for them about life.
