English,Artist
Enjoyment of the landscape is a thrill.
Drawing makes you see things clearer, and clearer and clearer still, until your eyes ache.
The mind is the limit. As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something, you can do it, as long as you really believe 100 percent.
I'm a very early riser, and I don't like to miss that beautiful early morning light.
Art has to move you and design does not, unless it's a good design for a bus.
Anything simple always interests me.
Cubism was an attack on the perspective that had been known and used for 500 years. It was the first big, big change. It confused people: they said, 'Things don't look like that!'
You must plan to be spontaneous.
I prefer living in color.
Smoking calms me down. It's enjoyable. I don't want politicians deciding what is exciting in my life.
Photographs aren't accounts of scrutiny. The shutter is open for a fraction of a second.
Drawing is rather like playing chess: your mind races ahead of the moves that you eventually make.
I draw flowers every day and send them to my friends so they get fresh blooms every morning.
Television is becoming a collage - there are so many channels that you move through them making a collage yourself. In that sense, everyone sees something a bit different.
People criticized me for my photography. They said it's not art.
But slowly I began to use cameras and then think about what it was that was going on. It took me a long time, I mean I actually played with cameras and photography for about 20 years.
But the moment you use an ordinary camera, you are not seeing the picture, remember, meaning, you had to remember what you've taken. Now you could see it of course, with a digital thing, but remember in 1982 you couldn't.
I had always planned to make a large painting of the early spring, when the first leaves are at the bottom of the trees, and they seem to float in space in a wonderful way. But the arrival of spring can't be done in one picture.
All painters are interested in photography to a certain extent.
You can't name the inventor of the camera. The 19th-century invention was chemical: the fixative.
When you are older, you realise that everything else is just nothing compared to painting and drawing.
Listening is a positive act: you have to put yourself out to do it.
I go and see anything that's visually new, any technology that's about picture-making. The technology won't make the pictures different, but someone using it will.
Like people, trees are all individuals.
Laugh a lot. It clears the lungs.
What an artist is trying to do for people is bring them closer to something, because of course art is about sharing. You wouldn't be an artist unless you wanted to share an experience, a thought.
And then I went round the corner and there's a Van Gogh portrait, and you just think, well, this is another level. A higher level, actually. I love the Sargent, but it's not the level of Van Gogh.
Yes, I did, I mean I painted er, in a kind of abstract expressionist way, because of course that was exciting.
Well, in Bradford I could say I was brought up in Bradford and Hollywood.
What I didn't know was I was deeply attracted to the big space.
I'm a bit claustrophobic, I know that now.
I made a photograph of a garden in Kyoto, the Zen garden, which is a rectangle. But a photograph taken from any one point will not show, well it shows a rectangle, but not with ninety degree angles.
But, I would always be thinking of how pictures are constructed and colour, how to use it, I mean you're using it for constructing, makes you think about it, the place did as well.
Most artists work all the time, they do actually, especially good artists, they work all the time, what else is there to do? I mean you do.
Always live in the ugliest house on the street - then you don't have to look at it.
It is very good advice to believe only what an artist does, rather than what he says about his work.
When you stop doing something, it doesn't mean you are rejecting the previous work. That's the mistake; it's not rejecting it, it's saying, 'I have exploited it enough now and I wish to take a look at another corner.'
I'm a natural sceptic.
I've always felt very English.
I think I am seeing more clearly now than ever.
As for the world of fashion and celebrity, I have the usual interest in the human comedy, but the problems of depiction absorb me more.
All film directors, even the ones using 3-D today, want you to look at what they chose.
I went to art school actually when I was sixteen years old.
I think my father would have liked to have been an artist, actually. But I think he didn't quite have perhaps the drive or, I don't know, I mean he had a family to bring up I suppose.
I mean if you draw you like drawing, it's er, an activity you do all the time actually.
I don't value prizes of any sort.
I value my friends.
I'm not really looking for theater work. But if somebody approaches me with enthusiasm, I might respond.
I'm not going to stop painting just to take orders.
I stay up nights and fiddle with my opera designs. It's a bit obsessive. That's why I can't do it all the time.
Tragedy is a literary concept.
Spring is very energising to me.
I'm a bit claustrophobic, I don't like crowds, I live by the sea - that's what I see when I come out of my house in Bridlington.
I've realized that I can do performances.
I've always wanted to be able to paint the dawn.
West Yorkshire is quite dramatic and beautiful, the crags and things.
I do do a lot of talking, because it saves me listening.
California is always in my mind.
I'm very attracted to the great open spaces of the West.
My only worry is the painting I'm doing. Nothing else.
It's very British to go about to see something unusual and paint it.
I'm always excited by the unlikely, never by ordinary things.
I can often tell when drawings are done from photographs, because you can tell what they miss out, what the camera misses out: usually weight and volume - there's a flatness to them.
I actually think the deafness makes you see clearer. If you can't hear, you somehow see.
Being able to draw means being able to put things in believable space. People who don't draw very well can't do that.
I grew up in austerity in the 1940s and 1950s.
I think the Enlightenment is leading us into a dark hole, really.
A lot of people, given the chance, would blow up everything, and you and me.
It's time to debate images, especially when someone's going to prison for downloading them.
I'm fed up with being bossed around.
Easel painting means small painting.
The moment I got a very big studio, everything took off.
I did come from a pretty independent-minded family.
Ultimately, I'm about liberty and I think you have to defend it.
People tell me they open my e-mails first, because they aren't demands and you don't need to reply. They're simply for pleasure.
I was always struck by how Picasso had no interest in music.
As you get older, it gets a bit harder to keep the spontaneity in you, but I work at it.
I avoid the public because the English public is too aggressive these days for me.
The moment rules over everything.
Of course you can still paint landscape - it's not been worn out.
I'm a bit of a propagandist.
I generally only paint people I know, I'm not a flatterer really.
Britain is a very small country with a very large press.
Anyway I feel myself a bit on the edge on the art world, but I don't mind, I'm just pursuing my work in a very excited way. And there isn't really a mainstream anymore, is there?
Tobacco is America's greatest gift to the world!
I see the iPad as a wonderful new drawing medium, but I am at a loss as to how to make it pay.
In my old age, I'll be in L.A.
