English,Playwright
Thought is the wind and knowledge the sail.
Smiles are the language of love.
Weak minds sink under prosperity as well as adversity; but strong and deep ones have two high tides.
As human beings, we are all not conducting just one narrative but many narratives all at the same time.
Poetry is the key to the hieroglyphics of nature.
An inability to handle language is not the same thing as stupidity.
No one but a fool is always right.
When they speak, dead frogs fall out of their mouths.
Nothing is further than earth from heaven, and nothing is nearer than heaven to earth.
Children always turn to the light.
The ultimate tendency of civilization is towards barbarism.
Some people carry their heart in their head and some carry their head in their heart. The trick is to keep them apart yet working together.
To those whose God is honor; only disgrace is a sin.
The poetry from the eighteenth century was prose; the prose from the seventeenth century was poetry.
In oratory the will must predominate.
Purity is the feminine, truth the masculine of honor.
Strength was the virtue of paganism; obedience is the virtue of Christianity.
Sudden resolutions, like the sudden rise of mercury in a barometer, indicate little else than the variability of the weather.
If the purpose of the stumpy little NFT theatre under Waterloo Bridge is not to acquaint young audiences with Ozu, with Ophuels, with D. W. Griffith and with Agnes Varda, then what exactly does it exist for?
Are we simply waving farewell to the days when some of the most interesting thinking in Europe and America came to us from our fiction film-makers? BBC2, which once introduced and showed great films, now shows none.
You can't get a contemporary story about what is going on inside government, and how society sees itself, on American TV.
In the '70s, terrorism was much more serious, in that many more people got killed.
Politics is just a function of business now, just a tributary of the great entrepreneurial capitalist system.
The actual business of writing dialogue is not thought of as a craft.
In those days, the early 1980s, TV and film were interchangeable.
The future of American film lies on television.
