English,Actor
I'm a very anxious, nervy kind of loser in many ways, and I get very stressed and a little tense.
When anybody goes to L.A. from London, there's always this slight sense of, 'What are you doing? Who do you think you are? It's never gonna happen.' It's the classic, good-natured British cynicism.
The first thing I ever saw Bradley Cooper in was 'Wedding Crashers.'
To those many millions of you unfamiliar with my work, I play a caddish British doctor in practice with Mindy Kaling on her excellent sitcom 'The Mindy Project.'
I am basically a citizen of the modern world, as we all are, praise the Lord and damn us all to hell.
Chris Messina is amazing, and he's so serious - he's, like, a proper actor! He's got craft! I love to watch him. But not in a creepy way.
We lived in Germany; my father was in the Army, and they figured I would have more consistency at boarding school. That kind of gives you a thick skin.
My life is just a series of mistakes and regrets of varying degrees.
What else does anyone have except for a collection of slightly painful memories?
I think lots of men are like that. We sort of get dressed by our girlfriends.
I've always been in love with the States. When I was a kid, we would take these long summer holidays in Texas, Nashville, and all over. I fell in love with the people, the food, even the smell. You don't necessarily get that in old Europe.
When you're young, oddly enough, you're more afraid, more conservative about what it is you have.
I never drove in England. I rode bicycles. So driving is terrifying.
When I was a kid, in a very white boarding school in England in the '90s, I had this sort of middle part that kids had - that sort of long, floppy hair. So I was always desperate to have long, floppy hair, and I would try and brush it and spray it, and it would just look like a Brillo pad!
Network TV is such a difficult, competitive landscape.
I get a lot of disbelief that my accent could actually be real, which seems strange.
My mom speaks English - she moved to England in the '70s, so she's fluent in English. We use to speak in Spanish when I was a kid all the time, me and my mom. But when I went to boarding school, I kind of lost it a little bit.
I think the accent is what a lot of people find attractive. If you take the accent away, I'm a very troll-like individual.
