English,Playwright
The human mind is a dramatic structure in itself and our society is absolutely saturated with drama.
If you engage people on a vital, important level, they will respond.
Humanity's become a product and when humanity is a product, you get Auschwitz and you get Chair.
We are still living in the aftershock of Hiroshima, people are still the scars of history.
It's wonderful to be able to sit down and write a play.
Our unconscious is not more animal than our conscious, it is often even more human.
The English sent all their bores abroad, and acquired the Empire as a punishment.
All you now do is pursue your private objectives within society. Instead of us being a community, everybody is asked to seek their own personal ends. It's called competition. And competition is antagonism.
Art is the close scrutiny of reality and therefore I put on the stage only those things that I know happen in our society.
At the turn of the century theatre does not have to be prescriptive.
Auschwitz is a place in which tragedy cannot occur.
But we are not in the world to be good but to change it.
Fifteen years ago I walked out of a production of one of my plays at the RSC because I decided it was a waste of time.
First there was the theatre of people and animals, then of people and the devil. Now we need the theatre of people and people.
I don't think it's the job of theatre at the moment to provide political propaganda; that would be simplistic. We have to explore our situation further before we will understand it.
I think there is no world without theatre.
I write plays not to make money, but to stop myself from going mad. Because it's my way of making the world rational to me.
I'm interested in the real world.
I'm not interested in an imaginary world.
In the end I think theatre has only one subject: justice.
In the past goodness was always a collective experience. Then goodness became privatised.
It seems to me that we are profoundly ignorant of ourselves.
It's insulting to ask a dramatist what his view of his play is. I have no opinion.
It's politely assumed that democracy is a means of containing and restraining violence. But violence comes not from genes but from ideas.
Now, drama is quite useful at helping us to understand what our position is and, conversely, we might then understand why our theatre is being destroyed.
Religion enabled society to organise itself to debate goodness, just as Greek drama had once done.
