English,Actress
I long for the countryside. That's where I get my calm and tranquillity - from being able to come and find a spot of green.
My father always said, 'Never trust anyone whose TV is bigger than their book shelf' - so I make sure I read.
I'm just a girl who loves mascara.
One of the first houses we lived in was like out of a fairy story. We had a stream that ran through our garden, and we played with the ducks - we locked them in my mum's office, and they pooed everywhere. It was crazy, picking blackberries and mushrooms, rabbits running through your legs.
A young Brit girl with no theatre experience decided to take on an iconic American role on Broadway. Maybe I should have thought that through?
If you spend too much time wondering what you're going to feel like in year five, you're not going to feel anything in year one.
Drama school is fundamentally practical. I didn't write any essays, so I came out with a BA honors degree in acting.
After my last audition for 'Game of Thrones,' they said, 'Congratulations, princess.' I was like, 'Bye-bye, call centre.'
My favorite Hepburn moment is in 'Sabrina,' when she steps off a boat in white shorts and a plaid shirt. Chic, classic, and unfussy.
Croatia has been glorious - it's so beautiful, and I want to go back as often as I can.
I think the reason why strong women have such a powerful impact is that you've got the strength of a man with the heart and sensitivity of a woman.
I think as a woman it's in our nature to nurture someone else. Sometimes at the expense of ourselves.
Being a single girl in New York... it's what you should be doing in your twenties!
American naturalism is what my indulgent actor side loves: a bit of Tennessee Williams, a bit of Clifford Odets, August Wilson - I would just love to tackle some of that.
I actually don't get massages very much. But Epsom salt baths are better than any massage.
I find that a lot of the good acting comes out when you're physically being pushed: your brain turns off and just deals with the situation at hand. You get to a point where you're exhausted at the end of the day, but I quite like that.
I told my parents I wanted to be an actor, and they were getting ready for a life of unemployment, so they're just happy I'm in work!
My dad took me for an audition once, to show me, 'OK, you want to be a child actor, this is what it's like.' I sang a folk song about donkeys on this West End stage with this big director, and there was a queue of 200 girls all singing 'Memory.' I was terrible. Terrible.
I've read all the 'Game of Thrones' books many times over, so I sometimes find it easier being on set, because it can be hard to get out of character.
I came out of my mum's stomach going, 'I want to be an actor!'
My mother taught me how to apply my own makeup at 13 years old, and the most important lesson I learned is to never touch my eyebrows and to cleanse, tone, and moisturize twice a day.
My life is unrecognisable compared to what it was - 'Game of Thrones' has opened doors that were never there before. But it can be dangerous to see it in those terms, I think. It's best to take it as it comes and work as hard as you can, and hopefully the other things fall into place.
Music is something that's always been a huge part of my life.
I wear tinted moisturized since, on the stage, we tend to wear such heavy stage makeup.
You come from a happy family; you want to create a happy family.
I have very sensitive skin, so I have to care for it properly.
Living in London as a student is tough. And my heart goes out to every single drama student in London because, as an actor, it's a creative process that you are taking on, and if you don't get to do it every day, it hurts.
I tried a robin heart once. It wasn't very good.
Valyrian is oddly easier than Dothraki. It's got a more lyrical flow to it that feels more familiar to the way I speak. That makes it slightly easier.
'Elizabeth' is something I've looked to a lot for a strong female leader.
I owe absolutely everything to HBO.
My normal stuff is Dr. Perricone's hypoallergenic range. I have incredibly sensitive skin, so I struggled to find anything because my skin would react to so much stuff.
