English,Author
Punctuality is the virtue of the bored.
Perhaps host and guest is really the happiest relation for father and son.
Manners are especially the need of the plain. The pretty can get away with anything.
We schoolmasters must temper discretion with deceit.
Pray always for all the learned, the oblique, the delicate. Let them not be quite forgotten at the throne of God when the simple come into their kingdom.
Your actions, and your action alone, determines your worth.
The truth is that Oxford is simply a very beautiful city in which it is convenient to segregate a certain number of the young of the nation while they are growing up.
It is a curious thing... that every creed promises a paradise which will be absolutely uninhabitable for anyone of civilized taste.
Art is the symbol of the two noblest human efforts: to construct and to refrain from destruction.
When we argue for our limitations, we get to keep them.
One forgets words as one forgets names. One's vocabulary needs constant fertilizing or it will die.
I think to be oversensitive about cliches is like being oversensitive about table manners.
In the dying world I come from, quotation is a national vice.
There is a species of person called a 'Modern Churchman' who draws the full salary of a beneficed clergyman and need not commit himself to any religious belief.
The human mind is inspired enough when it comes to inventing horrors; it is when it tries to invent a Heaven that it shows itself cloddish.
Don't hold your parents up to contempt. After all, you are their son, and it is just possible that you may take after them.
All this fuss about sleeping together. For physical pleasure I'd sooner go to my dentist any day.
He was gifted with the sly, sharp instinct for self-preservation that passes for wisdom among the rich.
I put the words down and push them a bit.
We cherish our friends not for their ability to amuse us, but for ours to amuse them.
Not everyone grows to be old, but everyone has been younger than he is now.
Professional reviewers read so many bad books in the course of duty that they get an unhealthy craving for arresting phrases.
We class schools into four grades: leading school, first-rate school, good school and school.
My unhealthy affection for my second daughter has waned. Now I despise all my seven children equally.
Money is only useful when you get rid of it. It is like the odd card in 'Old Maid'; the player who is finally left with it has lost.
Other nations use 'force'; we Britons alone use 'Might'.
