English,Actress
For me, compatibility is a sense of humour, being able to laugh together; that is very important.
I think you have to relax about aging. What else can you do?
I can be very difficult if people are not professional, or lazy - or the opposite, which is take themselves too seriously.
I don't treasure things much - just people. And pets.
As we have more women in power, so the plays and the TV dramas are reflecting what's happening.
Every woman feels she is too old and has missed the boat.
I do still get the odd fan letter about The Good Life, clearly written by somebody aged 18, who says: Will you send a photograph? And I think: Maybe it's kinder not to. I'm deeply into my 50s now.
I hope to start enjoying flirting again when I'm 70, like my mother did.
I'm sure people in the business have said: She's too old for that part. I don't hear about it because your agent protects you from those negative things.
So many roles for women demand that you make the audience fall in love with you or sympathise with you.
Success breeds success, and failure leads to a sort of fallow period.
The girl-next-door image is a sort of joke; for years, I couldn't get any roles other than as somebody dark.
When I was little I always thought I was marked out, special, on the verge of something momentous. I used to tingle with anticipation.
When I was much younger, I sometimes felt rejected by feminists because of an image that I sold because it paid the bills. Any fool could tell my hair is dyed.
I haven't done fillers or Botox for ages. There comes a point where you have to match bits of you with the other bits; otherwise, you get a terribly random situation.
It's nice not to have lines when you frown, especially on TV. I don't know why people make such a fuss about it. No one is interested if a woman has her teeth capped or her hair dyed.
It's difficult to say what attracts one person to another. It's always a combination, isn't it? I've always found people interesting because of the way they think, and a sense of humour is irresistible.
I think very few people do find a relationship where, every moment of every day, everything they do comes together. That's why, in a nutshell, everyone loved Barbara in 'The Good Life.' She was the perfect partner. It was a formula. She wasn't glamorous. She wasn't clever. But she was a good partner. That's too easy, too perfect.
A lot of my close friends are nothing to do with show business. But the people I've had relationships with, invariably, I've worked with. I think that's probably because I grew up in a family where we all worked together, so it's something I feel comfortable with.
I love a mask. It's why I've got a thing about good writing. When you're acting, you're going into someone else's work. You're behind his words; it's not you.
I really do believe there are things passed down. Behaviour, not just DNA. Psychological make-up. You can see it in dogs. If you want to breed a calm dog, don't get two fighters.
I wouldn't trade anything for family time. To me, it is more important than everything else, and I have a very deep-rooted belief in it, which is influenced by my Jewish faith. That's a very great source of who I am and what I believe in.
I think in the acting world you either manage that transition to older roles, or you stick with what you've always done and then discover nobody can bear you doing it as an older person.
The gym is where I get my chill-out time. I try to go six days a week, but when I'm working, that goes down to about three.
I love gentle, gorgeous classical music such as Mozart.
I don't think I've ever not had a dark side. But one of the wonderful reasons why you go into this business is that half your life you live in a fantasy, which is somebody else's life. It's actually a great release because you're not having to deal with the itty-bitty bits of life.
