English,Poet
If thou desire the love of God and man, be humble, for the proud heart, as it loves none but itself, is beloved of none but itself. Humility enforces where neither virtue, nor strength, nor reason can prevail.
The road to perseverance lies by doubt.
Heaven finds an ear when sinners find a tongue.
Flatter not thyself in thy faith in God if thou hast not charity for thy neighbor.
My mind's my kingdom.
Has fortune dealt you some bad cards. Then let wisdom make you a good gamester.
Anger may repast with thee for an hour, but not repose for a night; the continuance of anger is hatred, the continuance of hatred turns malice.
No cross no crown.
Beware of him that is slow to anger; for when it is long coming, it is the stronger when it comes, and the longer kept. Abused patience turns to fury.
And he repents in thorns that sleeps in beds of roses.
The heart is a small thing, but desireth great matters. It is not sufficient for a kite's dinner, yet the whole world is not sufficient for it.
It is the lot of man but once to die.
The average person's ear weighs what you are, not what you were.
He that hath no cross deserves no crown.
Let the fear of danger be a spur to prevent it; he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger.
Luxury is an enticing pleasure, a bastard mirth, which hath honey in her mouth, gall in her heart, and a sting in her tail.
The sufficiency of merit is to know that my merit is not sufficient.
Temper your enjoyments with prudence, lest there be written on your heart that fearful word 'satiety.'
Wickedness is its own punishment.
That friendship will not continue to the end which is begun for an end.
Fear nothing but what thy industry may prevent; be confident of nothing but what fortune cannot defeat; it is no less folly to fear what is impossible to be avoided than to be secure when there is a possibility to be deprived.
Necessity of action takes away the fear of the act, and makes bold resolution the favorite of fortune.
Put off thy cares with thy clothes; so shall thy rest strengthen thy labor, and so thy labor sweeten thy rest.
Meditation is the life of the soul: Action, the soul of meditation; and honor the reward of action.
Wisdom not only gets, but once got, retains.
Be wisely worldly, but not worldly wise.
