English,Athlete
I can't stress the importance of working hard enough, work on all aspects of your game. If you does that and you have the ability, you'll come through.
Every season will have its dips and hard moments, and the challenge then is to make sure you don't get too down in those moments and make sure you come back fighting.
Barcelona are my favourite team in Spain, let's put it that way.
I think as far as kids go, you just have to work hard. Work on your skills, keep focused.
I'm not the kind of player to see out my time and sit with my bum on the bench too much. I want to be involved. That's my character.
Nobody expects a footballer to have any kind of an IQ, which is a bit of an unfair stereotype.
Even with the quality of players that we have, they're an extremely hard side to break down and once they get on top of you, you find it difficult to stem the flow of attacks.
I come from a football family which has really helped.
I think it was in Moscow last year and I got changed for training the day before we played Moscow, but the fact is they actually wanted to do John's, me and John were next to each other and they did mine by mistake. John had done them I think. So yeah it is true.
The advantage does lie with us because we're at home and if we can't motivate ourselves for this match then we can't motivate ourselves for any match. I think the crowd will be up for it as well.
I don't want to be a passenger sitting on the bench not doing much, even in my older years.
My dad shaped the footballing side of me, and Mum shaped me as a person. I've always been very close to her - we've only ever had one argument, and that was over something stupid when I was 13.
Being faster would probably make me better at football.
A lot of things happened when I left there, and to be fair they treated me really bad, and now I have to play against them so I don't have any feelings for them at all.
I admit I was somewhat concerned when we started to sign so many players - naturally you are going to worry about whether you can retain your place in the side.
I don't know if we'd have been as dominant as we were last season. The new things, the new ideas the manager brought in everyone took them on board so well. He is special.
I fancy our chances at the European Championships.
I think I work harder on the pitch, I cover more ground and my passing is more accurate.
I'm happy here, and why change when you love the club and the club's in a really good position right now.
I'm really happy here. I think anyone who knows me well, and the fans too I hope, they know that I love the area, and the bond that I've had with the fans has been fantastic.
Of course it is going to be difficult for any player to get in the Chelsea side no matter who they are.
Of course, there will be few people who are sympathetic but you don't become a great team overnight, no matter how much money you have at your disposal.
When you take a lot of stick you want to ram it down people's throats.
Training's completely different now. It used to be a lot of running and work without the ball. Now it's all with the ball, which any player loves.
When you see young players coming into the squad and pushing you, no matter what age you are, you have to react. You have to worry about yourself and perform as well as you can. If you end up looking around at others, wondering who's performing better, you take your eye off the ball.
I'm not silly. I understand that, with age and at different parts of your career, you have different challenges.
I am certainly not the most talented player in the world; there's many a more talented player than me.
There's that talent thing where I can score goals, and there's also that want and ambition to keep doing it and doing it and doing it. I've seen a lot of players do it for a year and then they rest on their laurels, but I've been very driven throughout my career. Without being the most talented, I think I've tried to make the most of it.
Scoring goals is the best feeling you can have. I always look up at the stand for my family straight afterwards; it means everything to me that they travel to every game.
For present buying, I go to Harrods because there are great personal shoppers, who point me in the right direction.
I have a lot of good football talk with cabbies, but when you want to get somewhere in a hurry, it can be distracting. I always know they're going to want to talk football if 'Talksport' is on the radio.
