English,Politician
A man who is a master of patience is master of everything else.
The best Qualification of a Prophet is to have a good Memory.
When the people contend for their liberty, they seldom get anything by their victory but new masters.
Many men swallow the being cheated, but no man can ever endure to chew it.
Hope is generally a wrong guide, though it is good company along the way.
The best way to suppose what may come, is to remember what is past.
Education is what remains when we have forgotten all that we have been taught.
Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one.
A princely mind will undo a private family.
A husband without faults is a dangerous observer.
Love is a passion that hath friends in the garrison.
Some men's memory is like a box where a man should mingle his jewels with his old shoes.
A prince who will not undergo the difficulty of understanding must undergo the danger of trusting.
He that leaveth nothing to chance will do few things ill, but he will do very few things.
Nothing has an uglier look to us than reason, when it is not on our side.
If the laws could speak for themselves, they would complain of the lawyers.
Most men make little use of their speech than to give evidence against their own understanding.
Malice is of a low stature, but it hath very long arms.
Our nature hardly allows us to have enough of anything without having too much.
The vanity of teaching doth oft tempt a man to forget that he is a blockhead.
A man man may dwell so long upon a thought that it may take him prisoner.
Nothing would more contribute to make a man wise than to have always an enemy in his view.
The sight of a drunkard is a better sermon against that vice than the best that was ever preached on that subject.
Popularity is a crime from the moment it is sought; it is only a virtue where men have it whether they will or no.
They who are of the opinion that Money will do everything, may very well be suspected to do everything for Money.
There is reason to think the most celebrated philosophers would have been bunglers at business; but the reason is because they despised it.
