English,Author
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Affliction comes to us, not to make us sad but sober; not to make us sorry but wise.
Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race.
Adapt or perish, now as ever, is nature's inexorable imperative.
If we don't end war, war will end us.
The path of least resistance is the path of the loser.
The past is the beginning of the beginning and all that is and has been is but the twilight of the dawn.
History is a race between education and catastrophe.
Leaders should lead as far as they can and then vanish. Their ashes should not choke the fire they have lit.
The New Deal is plainly an attempt to achieve a working socialism and avert a social collapse in America; it is extraordinarily parallel to the successive 'policies' and 'Plans' of the Russian experiment. Americans shirk the word 'socialism', but what else can one call it?
Our true nationality is mankind.
The only true measure of success is the ratio between what we might have done and what we might have been on the one hand, and the thing we have made and the things we have made of ourselves on the other.
After people have repeated a phrase a great number of times, they begin to realize it has meaning and may even be true.
Some people bear three kinds of trouble - the ones they've had, the ones they have, and the ones they expect to have.
There is nothing in machinery, there is nothing in embankments and railways and iron bridges and engineering devices to oblige them to be ugly. Ugliness is the measure of imperfection.
No passion in the world is equal to the passion to alter someone else's draft.
Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.
One of the darkest evils of our world is surely the unteachable wildness of the Good.
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.
The past is but the past of a beginning.
Man is the unnatural animal, the rebel child of nature, and more and more does he turn himself against the harsh and fitful hand that reared him.
What really matters is what you do with what you have.
It is not reasonable that those who gamble with men's lives should not pay with their own.
Biologically the species is the accumulation of the experiments of all its successful individuals since the beginning.
In politics, strangely enough, the best way to play your cards is to lay them face upwards on the table.
Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.
