English,Actor
The bad boy: always more fun.
I'm from the disco era where everybody thought they were John Travolta... What song is going to get me on the dance floor? Anything from 'Saturday Night Fever,' and you're up there like a demon.
There's only two kinds of actors - good ones and bad ones... and lucky ones and unlucky ones.
What you do is, you just do the gig, enjoy, get on with it, and treat the rest as horse doodle.
You set paths for yourself, but as you get older, things change.
Seventy years old! How did that happen? I was part of the generation that wasn't going to die.
The bad boys get all the best lines.
You don't particularly want to stay close to your ex-wife. Or why would she be your ex-wife?
Acting's boring.
When you're doing a medieval show like 'Pillars,' it starts off a bit like a school play. You're all in funny costumes; you've had your coffee, and you say, 'Good morning'. Then you go on set and, if you've got good actors and directors, it takes on a life of its own.
My dad was a football player - a soccer player - for Manchester United, and I loved playing football, but I also happened to be the guy in class who was pretty good at sight reading. My teacher gave me scripts, and I was very comfortable.
I come from the liberal side of thinking: Better one guilty man should walk free than one innocent man found guilty.
I mean, I'm an actor. I do what comes along.
I'm a child of the Sixties.
I had a bit of a male menopause. It started at the age of 18 and continued until I was 45.
I don't remember my first two marriages... the details are very sketchy.
Every actor has to love and loathe the character he plays.
Bosses will tell you they are looking for something different but they're not, actually.
As long as the cheques carry on coming in, and I'm enjoying my work, I shall continue acting.
When you're in your early 20s, you go ahead and do everything. And it's very hard to judge yourself.
Theater is a dance of a different kind, a dance of rawness and characters stripped down.
I don't believe in the death penalty, but I understand personal vengeance.
I don't do social media.
'Lovejoy' has a special place in my heart because it was through my efforts that the series first came to the screen.
What's great about acting is you can let all your wackiness hang out while you work.
Robert Fisk is my hero. In America, they think he's a terrorist.
