English,Author
If you want to see the true measure of a man, watch how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
It is our choices... that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all, in which case you have failed by default.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
The most important thing is to read as much as you can, like I did. It will give you an understanding of what makes good writing and it will enlarge your vocabulary.
The internet has been a boon and a curse for teenagers.
Imagination is not only the uniquely human capacity to envision that which is not, and therefore the fount of all invention and innovation. In its arguably most transformative and revelatory capacity, it is the power to that enables us to empathize with humans whose experiences we have never shared.
I would like to be remembered as someone who did the best she could with the talent she had.
I sometimes have a tendency to walk on the dark side.
Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
And the idea of just wandering off to a cafe with a notebook and writing and seeing where that takes me for awhile is just bliss.
I was set free because my greatest fear had been realized, and I still had a daughter who I adored, and I had an old typewriter and a big idea. And so rock bottom became a solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.
Poverty entails fear and stress and sometimes depression. It meets a thousand petty humiliations and hardships. Climbing out of poverty by your own efforts that is something on which to pride yourself but poverty itself is romanticized by fools.
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
What's coming will come and we'll just have to meet it when it does.
Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
Why do I talk about the benefits of failure? Simply because failure meant a stripping away of the inessential. I stopped pretending to myself that I was anything other than what I was, and began to direct all my energy into finishing the only work that mattered to me.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
I'm a writer, and I will write what I want to write.
Secretly we're all a little more absurd than we make ourselves out to be.
Of all the subjects on this planet, I think my parents would have been hard put to name one less useful than Greek mythology to securing the keys to an executive bathroom.
Death is just life's next big adventure.
People ask me if there are going to be stories of Harry Potter as an adult. Frankly, if I wanted to, I could keep writing stories until Harry is a senior citizen, but I don't know how many people would actually want to read about a 65 year old Harry still at Hogwarts playing bingo with Ron and Hermione.
Never be ashamed! There's some who'll hold it against you, but they're not worth bothering with.
'Harry Potter' gave me back self respect. Harry gave me a job to do that I loved more than anything else.
The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and must therefore be treated with great caution.
I'm not anti-middle-class in the slightest. Look at me! I am very pro people putting time and money and effort into trying to improve the world.
It is perfectly possible to live a very moral life without a belief in God, and I think it's perfectly possible to live a life peppered with ill-doing and believe in God.
I would always want printed books.
Jane Austen is the pinnacle to which all other authors aspire.
I feel 80% of my life is completely normal.
I just hate meetings. Though it's true that once you've made a lot of money, people around you might be full of ideas about ways to make lots more money and might be disappointed that you don't want to seize every opportunity to do so.
But I was the most unashamed lone parent you were ever going to meet.
I don't think I am evangelical in my work.
Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain.
There was a point where I really felt I had 'penniless divorcee lone parent' tattooed on my head.
Bigotry is probably the thing I detest most.
In fact, you couldn't give me anything to make me go back to being a teenager. Never. No, I hated it.
His priority did not seem to be to teach them what he knew, but rather to impress upon them that nothing, not even... knowledge, was foolproof.
I do get recognized, but I must say Edinburgh is a fantastic city to live if you're well-known. There is an innate respect for privacy in Edinburgh people, and I also think they're used to seeing me walking around, so I don't think I'm a very big deal.
I am proud of having done what I've done. Very proud.
I think you have a moral responsibility when you've been given far more than you need, to do wise things with it and give intelligently.
I just write what I wanted to write. I write what amuses me. It's totally for myself. I never in my wildest dreams expected this popularity.
If you're holding out for universal popularity, I'm afraid you will be in this cabin for a very long time.
My favorite literary heroine is Jo March. It is hard to overstate what she meant to a small, plain girl called Jo, who had a hot temper and a burning ambition to be a writer.
I'm not a natural joiner.
The thing about fantasy - there are certain things you just don't do in fantasy.
The middle class is so funny, it's the class I know best, and it's the class where you find the most pretension, so that's what makes the middle classes so funny.
I like to get in among a set of people and get to know them very well.
I love inventing names, but I also collect unusual names, so that I can look through my notebook and choose one that suits a new character.
I received free health care.
I will carry on writing, to be sure. But I don't know if I would want to publish again after Harry Potter.
Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.
The first story I finished was when I was six years old.
I'm opposed to fundamentalism in any form.
With all of their benefits, and there are many, one of the things I regret about e-books is that they have taken away the necessity of trawling foreign bookshops or the shelves of holiday houses to find something to read. I've come across gems and stinkers that way, and both can be fun.
Every now and then I read a poem that does touch something in me, but I never turn to poetry for solace or pleasure in the way that I throw myself into prose.
I loved writing for kids, I loved talking to children about what I'd written, I don't want to leave that behind.
When I was in my teens I had issues with OCD.
We're a phenomenally snobby society, and it's such a rich seam. The middle class is so funny: it's the class I know best, and it's the class where you find the most pretension, so that's what makes the middle classes so funny.
In a novel you have to resist the urge to tell everything.
The best of us must sometimes eat our words.
There's no formula.
I was convinced that the only thing I wanted to do ever - was write novels.
No, there is literally nothing on the business side that I wouldn't sacrifice in a heartbeat to have an extra couple of hours' writing. Nothing.
The fame thing is interesting because I never wanted to be famous, and I never dreamt I would be famous.
I imagined being a famous writer would be like being like Jane Austen.
The thing about the 600 words, I mean some day, you can do a very, very, very hard day's work and not write a word, just revising, or you would scribble a few words.
I always have a basic plot outline, but I like to leave some things to be decided while I write.
I've never managed to keep a journal longer than two weeks.
I am the freest author in the world.
If ever I expected to come face to face with an angry Christian fundamentalist, it wasn't in FAO Schwarz.
I don't read 'chick lit,' fantasy or science fiction but I'll give any book a chance if it's lying there and I've got half an hour to kill.
I always felt an outsider.
I don't need to publish to make a living.
I've been asked this question so many times, do you feel you need to write a book for adults? No, I don't need to write a book for adults.
The poor are discussed as this homogeneous mash, like porridge. The idea that they might be individuals, and be where they are for very different, diverse reasons, again seems to escape some people.
Death obsesses me, yes it does. I can't really understand why it doesn't obsess everyone - I think it does really, I'm just a little more out about it.
I am not a particularly thick-skinned person.
We do stigmatise teens a lot and see them as scary and alien.
I knew no one who'd ever been in the public eye.
I felt I had to solve everyone's problems.
I've laid my friends bare.
Some of the furor that surrounded a Harry Potter publication was fun.
I pay a lot of tax, and I feel, one of the reasons I stay and pay why I'm not based in Monaco... I think my country helped me.
Honestly, I think we should be delighted people still want to read, be it on a Kindle or a Nook or whatever the latest device is.
There appears to be something to do with vehicles and movement that stimulates my writing.
You lose your individuality a huge amount when you have no money, and I certainly had that experience.
I think I've really exhausted the magical. It was a lot of fun, but I've put it behind me for the time being.
I think you could ask 10 English people the same question about class and get a very different answer.
Whatever the reviewers feel about 'The Casual Vacancy', it is what I wanted it to be, and you can't say fairer than that as a writer.
On the subject of literary genres, I've always felt that my response to poetry is inadequate. I'd love to be the kind of person that drifts off into the garden with a slim volume of Elizabethan verse or a sheaf of haikus, but my passion is story.
I think the next thing I publish will be for children, but I don't really want to be held to that because I also know what my next book for adults will be, and I really like that, too, so it depends. I've always had more than one thing going.
