English,Scientist
Sadly, it's much easier to create a desert than a forest.
An inefficient virus kills its host. A clever virus stays with it.
Life does more than adapt to the Earth. It changes the Earth to its own purposes.
I suspect any worries about genetic engineering may be unnecessary. Genetic mutations have always happened naturally, anyway.
Life clearly does more than adapt to the Earth. It changes the Earth to its own purposes. Evolution is a tightly coupled dance, with life and the material environment as partners. From the dance emerges the entity Gaia.
The oil companies regard nuclear power as their rival, who will reduce their profits, so they put out a lot of disinformation about nuclear power.
Geological change usually takes thousands of years to happen but we are seeing the climate changing not just in our lifetimes but also year by year.
So-called 'sustainable development'... is meaningless drivel.
The tropical rain forests are a telling example. Once cut down, they rarely recover. Rainfall drops, deserts spread, the climate warms.
Nature favors those organisms which leave the environment in better shape for their progeny to survive.
For each of our actions there are only consequences.
We rushed into renewable energy without any thought. The schemes are largely hopelessly inefficient and unpleasant. I personally can't stand windmills at any price.
Fudging the data in any way whatsoever is quite literally a sin against the holy ghost of science. I'm not religious, but I put it that way because I feel so strongly. It's the one thing you do not ever do. You've got to have standards.
There aren't just bad people that commit genocide; we are all capable of it. It's our evolutionary history.
I don't think we're yet evolved to the point where we're clever enough to handle a complex a situation as climate change. The inertia of humans is so huge that you can't really do anything meaningful.
Evolution is a tightly coupled dance, with life and the material environment as partners. From the dance emerges the entity Gaia.
I'm not a pessimist, even though I do think awful things are going to happen.
There is little evidence that our individual intelligence has improved through recorded history.
One thing that being a scientist has taught me is that you can never be certain about anything. You never know the truth. You can only approach it and hope to get a bit nearer to it each time. You iterate towards the truth. You don't know it.
Let's make hay while it lasts.
I'm a scientist, not a theologian. I don't know if there is a God or not. Religion requires certainty. Revere and respect Gaia. Have trust in Gaia. But not faith.
You never know with politicians what they are really saying. And I don't say that in a negative way-they have an appalling job.
You mustn't take what I say as gospel because no one can second-guess the future.
We'd never have got a chance to go outside and look at the earth if it hadn't been for space exploration and NASA.
This programme to stop nuclear by 2020 is just crazy. If there were a nuclear war, and humanity were wiped out, the Earth would breathe a sigh of relief.
Science always uses metaphor.
