English,Athlete
I enjoy spending time at home or going out for a quiet meal in a restaurant.
The way I am, I like to look forward instead of looking back.
But there's no point in looking back and saying I was unlucky.
I'm a footballer, that's my job and that's all I want to be known for.
I never got to the point when I felt like running away from it all.
People always seem to be interested in my private life because I'm married to a pop star.
But I just want to be known for my football.
I haven't achieved as much as I should have done in my career.
But what goes on in my life outside of the game should be my business.
I have always passed the ball and worked on that part of my game.
You have to be professional and think about the future.
I am a positive person and do not allow things to get on top of me.
At no point was my career under threat, so I always knew that I would get back into action.
It's important we win and because of the players we have we should win some matches in style.
We need to win something for the fans because they have been patient and very understanding and we owe them.
From a personal point of view I want some medals because that is what you aim for when you start out playing.
You want to win things and I am at a club where we have the players to do that.
I'm looking out for myself, but I'm looking out for my dad, too.
I know I'm 25 now, but there's still that little lad inside me who likes his dad there to see him.
My dad knows the business, and he tells me I've got to do what's best for me.
I suppose it hacks me off sometimes when people go on about all the other stuff, because I have really worked hard at my game, and I've been incredibly dedicated in getting myself fit, and getting my game right.
Sometimes, you just get a label and it sticks.
People have always thought of me as a passer of the ball, but you can't just be that these days.
You've got to do it all, the physical as well as the skilful.
As I say, you get labelled. To stop all that, I've got to win things - that's the only way you make your mark.
I've been at Liverpool for eight years, and the time has come for us to start achieving.
