English,Writer
Vengeance is the act of turning anger in on yourself. On the surface it may be directed at someone else, but it is a surefire recipe for arresting emotional recovery.
I'm personally fed up with people seeing women and girls cast as victims.
You need to be invested in what happens. The characters are your conduit to the story. Many modern horror films are fun but not frightening because one has not connected with the characters.
I've always been drawn to spooky things, to the unusual, to things that are dark but in a friendly way.
A lot of people use the phrase 'underage violence,' which, to me, is meaningless.
I play 'World of Warcraft,' which means I end up hanging out with teenage boys a lot.
I really enjoy the company of my kids... I'm not one of those people who goes 'Yeah, my kids are my mates', that's a dreadful kind of mother, but I'm fortunate that there are times that they do want me around, and I feel lucky that they let me into their world.
Teenagers come to things fresh and can really teach us an awful lot.
I've yet to meet a bitter teenager. Bitterness, jealousy and jadedness, I think, are the most unattractive qualities in a person, and unfortunately they do seem to come with age.
Normally with film, it's normal for the screenwriter to never be seen again after finishing until the premiere.
It's really weird because my house is very ornate, but my writing lair is very, very blank. It's white, the furniture is white. It gives me nothing to look at, so I just have to concentrate!
I'm not too easily distracted now I've had practice, but I write with nothing to look at. I used to rent an office that just had a view of a wall!
I don't tend to be a nitpicker when I'm watching movies, so as long as something is true to the spirit of the original, that's very much what we got for. You try to never do something that the original author wouldn't have done themselves.
Japanese horror films take the business of being frightening seriously. There is no attempt at postmodernism or humour. They are incredibly melancholy, with a strong emotional core, while remaining absolutely terrifying.
The things you encounter in your formative years always stay with you.
Always build. If you start at fever pitch, there's nowhere to go.
Establish character - otherwise, it is difficult to connect with what is frightening.
After starting as a journalist for newspapers and magazines, I began to write books and had success with a novel and four nonfiction books for young adults.
A friend of mine, Neil Gaiman, had the film rights to his book 'Stardust' bought by producer Matthew Vaughn and suggested I adapt it for the screen.
'Stardust' ended up being my first film in 2007.
If you're writing a novel, you can afford to see where the spirit takes you, but in terms of structure and engineering with a screenplay, you have to be quite pragmatic; otherwise, it will run away from you.
I've always loved science fiction, fantasy, manga, comic books; so I guess, to some degree, those things influence my personal idea of what looks nice, which definitely isn't everyone else's.
People's intolerance, I find puzzling.
You can tell a lot in shorthand.
There is always a reverence issue, and I'm no different from any audience member that if someone's adapting a book or comic that I like, I really don't want them to screw it up.
I really enjoy the challenge of adapting.
The only moment I become aware of being the only woman in a meeting is when actresses are being discussed. If someone's critical of how a woman looks, they turn to me and apologize.
I love the Empire Awards. It is really different and laid back.
It's crazy that most high-end designers stop at a size 14.
I love Vivienne Westwood - she designs for womanly shapes.
My idea of growing old gracefully is probably different to other people's!
