English,Musician
Unless you're living on the street and surviving on a diet of discarded turkey drumsticks, there's no point in being gloomy. We've spent too long trying to cheer ourselves up by spending money on brightly coloured things we don't really need. We've stopped using our imaginations.
My route so far through life hasn't been particularly logical, or even thought out.
Its OK to grow up, just as long as you don't grow old. Face it you are young.
The working class has been turned into a consuming class - a situation has been created where people value their worth by what they can afford.
The most entertaining songs don't always come from a nice place. In songs where I think I'm being really sensitive, they seem quite boring actually. I've found that the songs that come out of nastier, more misanthropic places are better.
Pulp existed for 12 years before we got famous. Now, you could say that was just lack of imagination, but it's some kind of quality isn't it? Tenacity. You could also say it was sloth.
The main thing I don't like about myself is an absurd level of self-consciousness that makes any sort of social encounter an ordeal for me.
I think the credit crunch is a brilliant thing. We should all stop moaning and start celebrating. When times are tough, it's an opportunity to start looking at life in a different way.
The good thing about people really is their iffy-ness and dodginess, isn't it?
You write a song about how you think at the time, and then gradually you drift away from that, and when it's far enough in the past, that's when you think, 'Now I have to write something new.'
We've always been a bit out of touch with reality.
Anyone who thinks they're sexy needs their head checked.
I got a pair of red, synthetic satin women's pants through the post the other day with a phone number on. That was quite strange. I haven't tried the phone number. In times of stress I may.
The things in my songs are the edited highlights of my life. I don't go seeking out strange sexual experiences every day of the week.
A Conservative government is necessary. There is no credible alternative.
In no way am I supporting or suggesting that a Conservative government is a good thing, far from it.
Silver Machine still sounds really modern with all the white noise. It's a bit punky in a way. They were ahead of their time.
I'd been thinking I'd have to learn how to play really well, but obviously the message of punk was that you just learn three chords in a week and you're away.
If you get involved in music expecting to make a living out of it, then you've picked the wrong thing to do. That shouldn't really be in your mind.
Don't think that the things around you don't count, because they do.
I'm always nervous when I perform anyway.
Words are important to me, but a song can work and function and be a good song with words that are fairly standard. But really great lyrics can't rescue a dog of a song.
Hawkwind are one of those bands that people introduce you to because you don't see them on the covers of magazines. I'd heard 'Silver Machine' but Russell Senior, who was in Pulp, got me into them. They had a song called 'Master Of The Universe' and we nicked the title in 1985 for one of our songs.
Oh you know, I've been writing a novel.
I know that some filmmakers strive for a kind of naturalistic approach, but you're never going to capture something that's really natural - just the simple fact that you choose to put a frame around something means that you've already chosen one particular thing to put more attention on.
There's the famous thing that the A&R man from the record company is supposed to do: He's supposed to come into the studio and listen to the songs you've been recording and then say, 'Guys, I don't hear any singles.' And then everybody falls into a terrible depression because you have to write one.
I do write songs with a political dimension to them sometimes, but I'm always slightly appalled by it when I do.
Will you see Pulp again? Who knows. I'm not stoking those particular rumours.
I'm not very keen on ageing. I'm not keen on the physical decay. I probably am quite vain. I think you want to try and look OK for the benefit of other people.
Money isn't important, but you have to have enough, so you don't have to think about it. Thinking about money is a drag.
I would like to believe in an afterlife; it makes things more palatable. But I'm not banking on it.
I am passionate about keeping the human dimension in things. You have to keep the rough edges and the inconsistencies, that's what makes it interesting. I've always striven to be as sloppy as possible.
I guess I'm fairly insistent and maybe consistent. If I decide I'll do something, I generally will.
Every woman I've had a relationship with has found this maddening; the fact that I will talk about anything on the stage, and reveal all this stuff, and yet when I'm at home, I clam up and won't discuss anything intimate or personal.
I've always had an eye for nature, but it's the sort of thing to keep quiet about, because I don't want to come across as a mad hippy. But it makes sense to appreciate those things.
Being chronically shy I needed to create a persona for myself and be involved with a band where I could be ruler of my own kingdom. Then Pulp became hugely popular and I lost control of it, which is when it all went wrong.
