English,Actress
Going home and spending time with your family and your real friends keeps you grounded.
I was born and brought up in Liverpool with my clever little sister Jemma, who is 14 and wants to be a vet. My mum Jane is an administrator and my dad Peter is a taxi driver.
My name's Jennifer Ellison and one day I'm going to be famous!
I came out of the womb born to sing and dance. I have to follow my heart.
I don't find it a struggle to maintain a healthy diet now as my palate has changed. I don't crave rich food.
Ballet is such a disciplined craft and it has given me a good grounding.
I would snack on crisps and chocolate and my meals weren't the best. I ate lots of steak with creamy sauces, chips and peas, washed down with wine and a pudding.
Dad worked in a warehouse when I was little and I didn't see him for three years as he was doing all the overtime God gave him to buy me new ballet shoes, or a new tutu.
Everyone thinks that just because you have a Scouse accent, then you must be 'on the rob'.
If it's supposed to be a really passionate snog, you slip the tongue in.
I'd already put on a bit of weight before I got pregnant.
I eat a lot of chicken with salad or salmon with salad.
I always wanted to act and sing, but my first love was ballet.
I wanted to have a go at a pop career. My first single, 'Baby I Don't Care', was a hit, and the second, 'Bye Bye Boy', reached the Top 20.
The prima ballerinas who taught me were far more scary than Gordon Ramsay. They'd scream at me and pull my legs and arms, so after them Gordon was a piece of cake.
I got a mortgage at 17! I didn't even know you could get a mortgage at 17.
I want to have a family and I'd like to live in a lovely big house, with a massive driveway and gates and loads of kids.
I want to be the best mum and I want everything to be perfect - I want a fairy tale really.
I was performing from the age of three.
I love performing on stage the most. It's getting that instant reaction from a live audience. There are no boundaries, you can take your character as far as you want to, you can be the craziest person ever.
I want to be a young mum and if I didn't have to work I'd have them tomorrow. I'd like three!
I don't do faddy diets any more. I once did a no-carbs diet a few years ago but it made me depressed. I couldn't be doing with that!
I'm comfortable with my body but I don't like my bum - I think it's too big.
I used to be such a daredevil but now I'm much more cautious.
I know people will think it's funny because I've done glamour modelling in the past, but I felt embarrassed about my body and just wanted to cover it up.
I had absolutely no idea how I had ballooned during my pregnancy. All I thought about was eating plenty of food to keep my baby healthy.
