English,Musician
I might put a nicer pair of heels on and a cooler outfit, but I'm still that naughty girl who likes a slice of cheesecake on my day off.
I think the best way to have confidence is not to allow everyone else's insecurities to be your own.
I want young people to know that they can belong - whatever your culture, your religion, your sexuality - that you can live life how you want to live it and feel comfortable how you are.
I'm not really the party person. I don't 'become myself' once I'm drunk. I don't use alcohol to be happy.
I also surround myself with people who make me laugh. If I'm not laughing, it upsets my day.
I have always been the first on the dance floor. Before fame, people thought it made me a good laugh; now, people point and call me an attention seeker! I'm very aware of the way people can view me, but I'm very aware that I have to just enjoy my life.
I'm glad I was faced with different cultures when I was growing up because I wasn't fazed by it. It has been a huge benefit to me; I feel comfortable wherever I go.
I have become a bit obsessed with eyebrows. I used to never have any, and then I realised big eyebrows are good, and now I'm an eyebrow fiend. Everyone comes to me to get their eyebrows done.
Children used to get bullied at school. Now they go home, and that's where the problem starts - because they sit on their phones all night, thinking about who's 'liked' a photo of them, who hates them, who loves them. They don't know what's real and what's not, editing their lives constantly to fit other people's views.
It's really important to me that my niece and nephews can come and see my show, as can my grandad and nan. I love spending time with my family, and music has always bonded us.
I'm not a model, I'm an artist. In one of my videos, I'm doing this shot of me with no make-up on where I've just woken up, and I don't think a lot of people would be comfortable enough to do that. But that's the way I look. This is who I am. Let's enjoy it. Let's just live life to the full while we're all here.
Do what makes you feel good. Remind yourself of what you're good at and make sure you do that.
I had an amazing childhood and always loved to sing and dance, but there were moments where I had ups and downs with my health that often tested me as it does many people. I've never hidden the fact that my health was sometimes not on my side, but I've never let it define me or deter me from my dreams.
Some of the stage outfits I've got are ridiculous. I'll lay out clothes to pack, and it'll look like Polly Pocket clothing - because it's all stretchy, it's tiny. I don't need a case when I tour; I can fit it all in my handbag.
During my stage shows, I am so energetic. It's constant! I just don't stand still. I actually got given a mic stand from my team to say 'Just calm down. Stand still for at least two songs.' But now I just pick it up and walk around with it.
I want everybody to think I'm a hard worker as an aunt, a sister, a friend, a daughter, a niece, everything. I want to be great at every role, because every role in my life is as important as being Jessie J.
I'm not afraid to have no make-up on and no hair. I just want to be stripped back.
I'm an artist, but I'm also a businesswoman, and sometimes you have to play hard.
I like my life to be pure and clean and organised, and I like to have had eight hours' sleep a night. I honestly don't think I'd be as successful if I was a party animal. Because I don't think my personality would be as focused and open as it is.
My style is ghetto chic. I love tacky jewelry, mega heels, high-waisted shorts, catsuits.
'Just Do It' is exactly what you need to hear when you're in a moment of doubt. When you're struggling, especially with sport... just do it. Stop talking about it, stop complaining about the cellulite, or that you're not able to run fast enough for the bus... just do it.
I love cleaning, weird but true. It really relaxes me.
You should never, ever apologize for anything that makes you happy.
I am a dork in disguise; I love doing stupid stuff.
My style is constantly evolving. Style has been something that I think has been the hardest thing for me to come to terms with.
I'm so happy people are seeing the eclectic side of me. I'm really honored to be able to push my voice into different sounds. Otherwise it all gets a bit samey same.
Sexuality shouldn't define anyone. It doesn't define me. Love should be at the core of what you do.
I used to live in a gap jumper, tracksuit bottoms and a fake flower in my hair. Shocking.
I think confidence is the sexiest thing to have.
I think if I wasn't a singer I'd probably do make-up and beauty and hair and something creative like styling; I really enjoy it.
Look after yourself; remember that you only consist of your being, so make the best of what you have and look after it. Put good things into your body; eat well.
I feel like a lot of the industry and media portray this image of what beautiful is, or how you should dress, or how you should look, and I don't think it's healthy.
I can play the air guitar really, really well.
The best gift a fan could give me is undeniable support.
Songs lay a foundation of who I am going to be forever.
I wasn't always someone who was talented. It was more that I was loud and loved a challenge.
I know I've got the right friends because they understand when they haven't seen me for three months and then when I do see them, it's exactly as it was before.
If I did meet somebody, I would only ever make room for someone that loved me how I deserved to be loved. Until then... I've got my shoes, I've got my album, my dog.
I've been in dance schools since I was four. I went to the Brit school. I did adverts and plays.
Whoopie doo guys, yes, I've dated girls and I've dated boys - get over it.
I started to look like a cartoon character with the fringe and the catsuits. Yes, I want to change and mix it up. I want to change my hair, change my style. I want to be allowed to grow.
I had knockback after knockback before I got anywhere. After I got my first record deal I thought that was it, then Gut Records went into liquidation. I was 20. I had no idea what that meant. I had a few days to get myself out of that contract or my work would be owned by someone else.
Sometimes you have to be a diva. All the artists I admire from Madonna to Whitney to Mariah have all been called divas. If you are strong, if you have vision, if you are an artist, you have to do what you believe in. And if you get called a diva for it, then so what.
I've grown up a lot, and I've realized that what I need to make myself happy is the people around you.
I won't lie - when you're first bringing out music and you want people to notice, you probably overdo it, especially as a girl.
I'd hate it if everyone in the world liked me, my music and what I wore. It'd make it boring, and I wouldn't have anything to work towards. It's not to everyone's taste, but I can only be me.
When I was nine, I was diagnosed with an irregular heartbeat and was prescribed beta blockers, which had the side effect of turning my skin green. Looking like Shrek's little sister at school wasn't the easiest thing.
When I look back, I can see why people thought I was aggressive. My first single, 'Do It Like A Dude,' resulted in a lot of misconceptions about me. I'm confident - but I'm not arrogant.
My attitude goes back to my childhood. I used to audition for theatrical roles, and you can't stand out in a room full of ambitious eight-year-old girls by acting the wallflower. I realised then that I couldn't do things half-heartedly.
If I'm on a bus and someone makes my blood boil, I'll pocket those emotions and put them in a song.
I never stop working when I'm on stage, and that's my fitness.
I'm not a natural runner. I'm friends with Ellie Goulding, and she'll be like, 'I've just done a 10K run' and I'm like: 'Why would you do that? How do you just do that?' But I will do that. I will do it.
As an artist, I try and be controversial, and I have been a bit offensive at times. I have a view on the burka, and I'm sure a few of the Muslim girls and their families would have a view of me on stage in next to nothing!
I remember while I was at school some of my Muslim friends talked about a handful of people spoiling things in every culture. Hatred or hurt or pain isn't specific to a religion. I think it's a matter of acceptance. The one thing the world has to accept is everybody is different. What is normal to us is different and unusual to somebody else.
I think everybody has a moment in their career where you have to test whether it was right or wrong. We've all been there. I've looked back at performances of my own, where only you know if it is something you want to repeat. As long as you know when it's not right that you don't repeat it all the time.
I am a very honest person, and I can only say there are moments in my life where I really did think I was being me in the sense of my morals and beliefs and the way I acted. But when I look back at certain things that I wore and my hair and make-up, I was like, 'Whoa! That wasn't me!' But I didn't know it back then.
