English,Poet
He who reigns within himself and rules passions, desires, and fears is more than a king.
Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world.
The mind is its own place and in itself, can make a Heaven of Hell, a Hell of Heaven.
To be blind is not miserable; not to be able to bear blindness, that is miserable.
Better to reign in hell than serve in heaven.
Death is the golden key that opens the palace of eternity.
A good book is the precious lifeblood of a master spirit.
When complaints are freely heard, deeply considered and speedily reformed, then is the utmost bound of civil liberty attained that wise men look for.
He that has light within his own clear breast May sit in the centre, and enjoy bright day: But he that hides a dark soul and foul thoughts Benighted walks under the mid-day sun; Himself his own dungeon.
None can love freedom heartily, but good men; the rest love not freedom, but licence.
True it is that covetousness is rich, modesty starves.
The superior man acquaints himself with many sayings of antiquity and many deeds of the past, in order to strengthen his character thereby.
Virtue could see to do what Virtue would by her own radiant light, though sun and moon where in the flat sea sunk.
No man who knows aught, can be so stupid to deny that all men naturally were born free.
The stars, that nature hung in heaven, and filled their lamps with everlasting oil, give due light to the misled and lonely traveller.
Give me the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely according to conscience, above all liberties.
Let not England forget her precedence of teaching nations how to live.
Though we take from a covetous man all his treasure, he has yet one jewel left; you cannot bereave him of his covetousness.
Who kills a man kills a reasonable creature, God's image, but thee who destroys a good book, kills reason its self.
He that studieth revenge keepeth his own wounds green, which otherwise would heal and do well.
Nothing profits more than self-esteem, grounded on what is just and right.
Beauty is nature's brag, and must be shown in courts, at feasts, and high solemnities, where most may wonder at the workmanship.
Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy of him that brought her birth.
They also serve who only stand and wait.
Love-quarrels oft in pleasing concord end.
Confusion heard his voice, and wild uproar Stood ruled, stood vast infinitude confined; Till at his second bidding darkness fled, Light shone, and order from disorder sprung.
