English,Philosopher
All mankind... being all equal and independent, no one ought to harm another in his life, health, liberty or possessions.
The end of law is not to abolish or restrain, but to preserve and enlarge freedom. For in all the states of created beings capable of law, where there is no law, there is no freedom.
Every man has a property in his own person. This nobody has a right to, but himself.
Education begins the gentleman, but reading, good company and reflection must finish him.
To love our neighbor as ourselves is such a truth for regulating human society, that by that alone one might determine all the cases in social morality.
We are like chameleons, we take our hue and the color of our moral character, from those who are around us.
Government has no other end, but the preservation of property.
The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men. It has God for its author; salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter. It is all pure.
No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience.
What worries you, masters you.
The improvement of understanding is for two ends: first, our own increase of knowledge; secondly, to enable us to deliver that knowledge to others.
All wealth is the product of labor.
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears.
The reason why men enter into society is the preservation of their property.
Parents wonder why the streams are bitter, when they themselves have poisoned the fountain.
Our incomes are like our shoes; if too small, they gall and pinch us; but if too large, they cause us to stumble and to trip.
New opinions are always suspected, and usually opposed, without any other reason but because they are not already common.
The only fence against the world is a thorough knowledge of it.
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.
It is of great use to the sailor to know the length of his line, though he cannot with it fathom all the depths of the ocean.
Fortitude is the guard and support of the other virtues.
The discipline of desire is the background of character.
All men are liable to error; and most men are, in many points, by passion or interest, under temptation to it.
An excellent man, like precious metal, is in every way invariable; A villain, like the beams of a balance, is always varying, upwards and downwards.
A sound mind in a sound body, is a short, but full description of a happy state in this World: he that has these two, has little more to wish for; and he that wants either of them, will be little the better for anything else.
