English,Philosopher
The person who has nothing for which he is willing to fight, nothing which is more important than his own personal safety, is a miserable creature and has no chance of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself.
We have a right, also, in various ways, to act upon our unfavorable opinion of anyone, not to the oppression of his individuality, but in the exercise of ours.
The only freedom which deserves the name is that of pursuing our own good, in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it.
Conservatives are not necessarily stupid, but most stupid people are conservatives.
He who knows only his own side of the case knows little of that.
A person may cause evil to others not only by his actions but by his inaction, and in either case he is justly accountable to them for the injury.
One person with a belief is equal to ninety-nine who have only interests.
If all mankind minus one were of one opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind.
Although it is not true that all conservatives are stupid people, it is true that most stupid people are conservative.
All good things which exist are the fruits of originality.
The liberty of the individual must be thus far limited; he must not make himself a nuisance to other people.
In all intellectual debates, both sides tend to be correct in what they affirm, and wrong in what they deny.
The fatal tendency of mankind to leave off thinking about a thing when it is no longer doubtful is the cause of half their errors.
The duty of man is the same in respect to his own nature as in respect to the nature of all other things, namely not to follow it but to amend it.
War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things. The decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth war is much worse.
Actions are right in proportion as they tend to promote happiness; wrong as they tend to produce the reverse of happiness. By happiness is intended pleasure and the absence of pain.
Life has a certain flavor for those who have fought and risked all that the sheltered and protected can never experience.
I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than in attempting to satisfy them.
The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not sufficient warrant.
The general tendency of things throughout the world is to render mediocrity the ascendant power among mankind.
Of two pleasures, if there be one which all or almost all who have experience of both give a decided preference, irrespective of any feeling of moral obligation to prefer it, that is the more desirable pleasure.
As long as justice and injustice have not terminated their ever renewing fight for ascendancy in the affairs of mankind, human beings must be willing, when need is, to do battle for the one against the other.
A man who has nothing for which he is willing to fight, nothing which is more important than his own personal safety, is a miserable creature and has no chance of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself.
There are many truths of which the full meaning cannot be realized until personal experience has brought it home.
A party of order or stability, and a party of progress or reform, are both necessary elements of a healthy state of political life.
The amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and moral courage it contained. That so few now dare to be eccentric marks the chief danger of the time.
