English,Musician
Love is the answer, and you know that for sure; Love is a flower, you've got to let it grow.
Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans.
Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
Imagine all the people living life in peace. You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us, and the world will be as one.
We've got this gift of love, but love is like a precious plant. You can't just accept it and leave it in the cupboard or just think it's going to get on by itself. You've got to keep watering it. You've got to really look after it and nurture it.
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot.
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are!
If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace.
Part of me suspects that I'm a loser, and the other part of me thinks I'm God Almighty.
I believe in everything until it's disproved. So I believe in fairies, the myths, dragons. It all exists, even if it's in your mind. Who's to say that dreams and nightmares aren't as real as the here and now?
My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all.
I believe time wounds all heels.
All we are saying is give peace a chance.
When you're drowning, you don't say 'I would be incredibly pleased if someone would have the foresight to notice me drowning and come and help me,' you just scream.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
The more I see the less I know for sure.
Our society is run by insane people for insane objectives. I think we're being run by maniacs for maniacal ends and I think I'm liable to be put away as insane for expressing that. That's what's insane about it.
Music is everybody's possession. It's only publishers who think that people own it.
You either get tired fighting for peace, or you die.
The thing the sixties did was to show us the possibilities and the responsibility that we all had. It wasn't the answer. It just gave us a glimpse of the possibility.
Everybody loves you when you're six foot in the ground.
If someone thinks that love and peace is a cliche that must have been left behind in the Sixties, that's his problem. Love and peace are eternal.
I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky. I believe that what people call God is something in all of us. I believe that what Jesus and Mohammed and Buddha and all the rest said was right. It's just that the translations have gone wrong.
Surrealism had a great effect on me because then I realised that the imagery in my mind wasn't insanity. Surrealism to me is reality.
We're more popular than Jesus now; I don't know which will go first, rock 'n' roll or Christianity.
If being an egomaniac means I believe in what I do and in my art or music, then in that respect you can call me that... I believe in what I do, and I'll say it.
The cross of the Legion of Honor has been conferred on me. However, few escape that distinction.
