English,Actor
A wonderful thing about true laughter is that it just destroys any kind of system of dividing people.
If God did not intend for us to eat animals, then why did he make them out of meat?
I have several times made a poor choice by avoiding a necessary confrontation.
A man will give up almost anything except his suffering.
He who laughs most, learns best.
If I can get you to laugh with me, you like me better, which makes you more open to my ideas. And if I can persuade you to laugh at the particular point I make, by laughing at it you acknowledge its truth.
Well, the only way I can get a leading-man role is if I write it.
If you want creative workers, give them enough time to play.
For me, the great problem growing up in England was that I had a very narrow concept of what God can be, and it was damn close to an old man with a beard.
I used to desire many, many things, but now I have just one desire, and that's to get rid of all my other desires.
The English contribution to world cuisine - the chip.
The really good idea is always traceable back quite a long way, often to a not very good idea which sparked off another idea that was only slightly better, which somebody else misunderstood in such a way that they then said something which was really rather interesting.
I think it's because in America you always get the sense that if you fail, you can just pack up your things and go somewhere else and try again. But in England, it's so geographically small that if somebody succeeds here, it reduces your chances of succeeding.
The Americans all love 'The Holy Grail', and the English all love 'Life Of Brian', and I'm afraid on this one, I side with the English.
I think you can write very good comedy without a partner, but what I love about it, working with a partner, is that you get to places you'd never get on your own. It's like when God was designing the world and decided we couldn't have children without a partner; it was a way of mixing up the genes so you'd get a more interesting product.
The most creative people have this childlike facility to play.
I think that sometimes you do something that makes a small group of people laugh, which is all we were trying to do; we were just trying to make each other laugh.
I find it rather easy to portray a businessman. Being bland, rather cruel and incompetent comes naturally to me.
Comedy always works best when it is mean-spirited.
Who's ever going to write a film in which I get the girl? Me!
But then acting is all about faking. We're all very good at faking things that we have no competence with.
Now most people do not want an ordinary life in which they do a job well, earn the respect of their collaborators and competitors, bring up a family and have friends. That's not enough any more, and I think that is absolutely tragic - and I'm not exaggerating - that people feel like a decent, ordinary, fun life is no longer enough.
You don't have to be the Dalai Lama to tell people that life's about change.
I would say that I began with a very edgy, very driven personality and after a sufficient amount of therapy over many, many years, I managed to become rather relaxed and happy.
I'm not saying Obama is right on everything. Of course not. He may be wrong on a number of things. But what I do know is that he behaves like a very, very sane man almost all the time.
I tend to have an odd split in my mind: I tend to look at it as a writer and when the writing thing is OK and I'm happy with it, then I put on my actor's hat.
I love having different cultures around, but when the parent culture kind of dissipates, you're left thinking, 'Well, what's going on?'
English television from the Fifties to the Nineties was the least bad in the world, and now it's just as bad as it is anywhere.
