English,Writer
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Sunday clears away the rust of the whole week.
Reading is a basic tool in the living of a good life.
True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one's self, and in the next, from the friendship and conversation of a few select companions.
A contented mind is the greatest blessing a man can enjoy in this world.
Mirth is like a flash of lightning, that breaks through a gloom of clouds, and glitters for a moment; cheerfulness keeps up a kind of daylight in the mind, and fills it with a steady and perpetual serenity.
What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable.
If you wish to succeed in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.
A cloudy day or a little sunshine have as great an influence on many constitutions as the most recent blessings or misfortunes.
The greatest sweetener of human life is Friendship. To raise this to the highest pitch of enjoyment, is a secret which but few discover.
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to the soul.
Modesty is not only an ornament, but also a guard to virtue.
Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body.
The stars shall fade away, the sun himself Grow dim with age, and nature sink in years, But thou shalt flourish in immortal youth, Unhurt amidst the wars of elements, The wrecks of matter, and the crush of worlds.
No oppression is so heavy or lasting as that which is inflicted by the perversion and exorbitance of legal authority.
To be an atheist requires an indefinitely greater measure of faith than to recieve all the great truths which atheism would deny.
To be perfectly just is an attribute of the divine nature; to be so to the utmost of our abilities, is the glory of man.
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Is there not some chosen curse, some hidden thunder in the stores of heaven, red with uncommon wrath, to blast the man who owes his greatness to his country's ruin!
The utmost extent of man's knowledge, is to know that he knows nothing.
Men may change their climate, but they cannot change their nature. A man that goes out a fool cannot ride or sail himself into common sense.
The important question is not, what will yield to man a few scattered pleasures, but what will render his life happy on the whole amount.
Man is subject to innumerable pains and sorrows by the very condition of humanity, and yet, as if nature had not sown evils enough in life, we are continually adding grief to grief and aggravating the common calamity by our cruel treatment of one another.
Mutability of temper and inconsistency with ourselves is the greatest weakness of human nature.
A man should always consider how much he has more than he wants.
When men are easy in their circumstances, they are naturally enemies to innovations.
A man must be both stupid and uncharitable who believes there is no virtue or truth but on his own side.
Animals, in their generation, are wiser than the sons of men; but their wisdom is confined to a few particulars, and lies in a very narrow compass.
Admiration is a very short-lived passion, that immediately decays upon growing familiar with its object.
Courage that grows from constitution often forsakes a man when he has occasion for it; courage which arises from a sense of duty acts; in a uniform manner.
He who would pass his declining years with honor and comfort, should, when young, consider that he may one day become old, and remember when he is old, that he has once been young.
To a man of pleasure every moment appears to be lost, which partakes not of the vivacity of amusement.
Mere bashfulness without merit is awkwardness.
That he delights in the misery of others no man will confess, and yet what other motive can make a father cruel?
The fear of death often proves mortal, and sets people on methods to save their Lives, which infallibly destroy them.
There is not so variable a thing in nature as a lady's head-dress.
I have somewhere met with the epitaph on a charitable man which has pleased me very much. I cannot recollect the words, but here is the sense of it: 'What I spent I lost; what I possessed is left to others; what I gave away remains with me.'
If we hope for what we are not likely to possess, we act and think in vain, and make life a greater dream and shadow than it really is.
Young men soon give, and soon forget, affronts; old age is slow in both.
Irregularity and want of method are only supportable in men of great learning or genius, who are often too full to be exact, and therefore they choose to throw down their pearls in heaps before the reader, rather than be at the pains of stringing them.
The unjustifiable severity of a parent is loaded with this aggravation, that those whom he injures are always in his sight.
Our real blessings often appear to us in the shape of pains, losses and disappointments; but let us have patience and we soon shall see them in their proper figures.
What pity is it That we can die, but once to serve our country.
Jesters do often prove prophets.
The chief ingredients in the composition of those qualities that gain esteem and praise, are good nature, truth, good sense, and good breeding.
The post of honour is a private station.
With regard to donations always expect the most from prudent people, who keep their own accounts.
Their is no defense against criticism except obscurity.
Talking with a friend is nothing else but thinking aloud.
There is nothing that makes its way more directly into the soul than beauty.
There is not a more unhappy being than a superannuated idol.
We are always doing something for posterity, but I would fain see posterity do something for us.
Friendships, in general, are suddenly contracted; and therefore it is no wonder they are easily dissolved.
The woman that deliberates is lost.
Mysterious love, uncertain treasure, hast thou more of pain or pleasure! Endless torments dwell about thee: Yet who would live, and live without thee!
If we may believe our logicians, man is distinguished from all other creatures by the faculty of laughter. He has a heart capable of mirth, and naturally disposed to it.
The Mind that lies fallow but a single Day, sprouts up in Follies that are only to be killed by a constant and assiduous Culture.
A true critic ought to dwell upon excellencies rather than imperfections, to discover the concealed beauties of a writer, and communicate to the world such things as are worth their observation.
