English,Actor
I think the reason why people love 'Downton Abbey' is because all the characters are given the same weight. Some are nice, some are not, but it has nothing to do with class or oppressors versus the oppressed.
I always like to arrive at the airport early to enjoy breakfast and lounge about so that when I get on the plane all my travel fever has disappeared.
We live a life that is often spent in crowds - parties, festivals and first nights - so it's nice to avoid them.
Sometimes you watch one of your favorite shows from 20 years ago and you think, 'I'm loving this, but golly, it's going at the speed of a snail.'
There are some men who are frightened by strong women and some men who are nurtured by them and feel nervous, with weak clinging vines. And I am very much of the latter category.
I have derived enormous confidence from being a husband and father.
My own belief is that most people are trying to do their best. It doesn't mean they have no nasty side, or that they don't have a bad temper, or that they have never done anything they feel ashamed of. But fiction operates on people waking up trying to be horrible, and I don't think most people are trying to be horrible.
I think I have a very detailed sense of observation. I am interested in the details of people's lives and what information these details give.
If you are lucky, you have your moment. But it is never more than a moment. You have to enjoy it while it lasts.
What I dislike about movie culture is that it often presents a parable of our problems - but the issues are all straightforward and the people are either nice or they're not. In real life, everyone falls between those perimeters, but not many American films operate in that grey area.
I think America has dealt with - I mean, this is simplistic, and of course I don't live in America - but the impression I get is that there is not a kind of obligation to dislike those who are better off or be frightened of those who are worse off.
What you have to understand about period drama is that it's 'history light.'
Most of us don't want to be outsiders.
For most directors, the scriptwriter is about as welcome on set as a member of the Taliban.
My parents came from different backgrounds. My father's was grander than my mother's, so my mother had... to put up with the disapproval of my father's relations.
We don't really like rules. We think, in some way, they are an infringement of liberty.
You know, I'm not a revolutionary.
I mean the truth is, I've always been interested in the whole setup of the Old World.
There is almost nothing in your house that does not tell something about you.
The English country house is certainly an icon of British culture.
To me, all success is a delightful surprise, since one can absolutely never predict it.
What the Americans want to see is life in their drama. Life of all sorts: hard lives, easy lives, or lives which, like most of ours, are a mixture of the two.
You see, in America, it's quite standard for an actor to sign, at the beginning of a series, for five or seven years. The maximum any British agent will allow you to have over an actor is three years.
The business of life is learning that you can't lay down the terms.
To be honest, when you're running a series and you have an open end, you don't want to limit yourself too much with the choices you've got for a particular character.
Nothing is harder to dramatize than happiness.
People tend to view history as if it were another planet and think the modern world was invented in 1963. I don't agree.
In the end, drama is successful if you care about the people.
I don't seem to have ever had a plan, but I have always been quite good at walking through doors when they are opened. I am never any good at anticipating what will happen next, but I always go for it when it does.
Ninety-eight per cent of actors who actually make a living do so in front of a camera.
Although 'L.A. Confidential' is a long movie, there's never a moment when you think, 'I'm loving this... but when's dinner?' Each time I see it, I discover something I hadn't noticed before. It has a tremendous skill in developing all the subplots.
A lot of actors find it impossible not to ask for the audience's sympathy. They have a need to twinkle.
When you make your first film, there is a hell of a lot to think about, and you've got to have a gut understanding of your material.
Success means your thoughts are worthy of everyone's consideration.
If you're supposed to be a 'personality,' then you might as well have a personality.
There isn't much point in the whole 'celebrity' nonsense unless one is prepared to go out on a limb and, one hopes, speak up for some under-represented section of the community.
I have fits of melancholia when I watch the news, but we all do, don't we?
