English,Actress
I've never had a particularly sweet tooth. In fact, during the war, I used to swap my sweet ration coupons with my father - and he'd give me his clothing coupons in return. Looking good was more important to me than scoffing sweets.
I get recognised quite a bit, but people are so nice. They say things like, 'Thank you for all the fun,' which is wonderful to hear.
The three ages of man: youth, middle age and 'my word you do look well'.
The worst thing about age is not quite being able to do what you once did. The best thing is learning to accept what you've got and what you are.
When I started my career, there wasn't the pressure of money. Everything now is, 'We'd love to do that but we can't; we haven't got the money.'
In terms of work, I'm doing exactly the same as I've always done. It's what's around me that's changed.
If you're the star of a show, the next one has to be as good or better, and if you're doing a series, if anything goes wrong, it's your fault. There's nobody else to blame.
I've always said one of the reasons I've worked for so long is that I'm no trouble.
Men have been domesticated, and I don't think it's necessarily good for them. They have been emasculated with the pill and women becoming more independent. I do think it's made a big difference for women to have more charge of their own bodies. It's made them feel more on equal terms and made the men feel less secure, less the master of everything.
I'm always up for cinema, and then you hear that, actually, the location is in a very cold place with all the attendant discomforts, and TV is much cosier and warmer.
Like all actors, after every job, I think, 'Well, that's the last one, and I'd better think about doing something else.' But I've been so very lucky, and I've managed to keep going for a long time. It's just the way the cookie crumbles, and it's crumbled pretty well for me. I appreciate it, and I realise how lucky I am.
I love working. It gives you a reason to get up in the morning.
I've taken a personal trainer once a week because I'm dreadful. I don't exercise; I don't walk about an awful lot because my feet hurt, so I thought it was a good idea. It makes you move bits you otherwise might not.
I've always slept pretty well and aim to get eight hours a night. I try to be in bed by midnight at the very latest. Occasionally I'll have an afternoon siesta if I'm going out in the evening.
I certainly wouldn't have a facelift or a nip and tuck; that fills me with horror.
I don't think actors are any more prone to depression than anyone else.
I was always given the comedy role, even in the ballet. I was the one who fell off her points, you know? I love doing comedy, and I love being in things that make people laugh.
I like my iPad very much. I like to browse online shops and keep up to date with the world, so I carry it with me a lot.
It's vital all we oldies learn as much as we can about the Internet so we are not left behind.
Do I ever really lose my temper? Goodness me, no. Not at home or at work. There's no point in getting in a tizz over anything. Life's too short.
I don't use Facebook or Twitter, and I email once in a blue moon, as I'm a rather slow typist and prefer to pick up the phone and hear a voice.
I think one of the reasons all the comics I worked with dropped off the log so early, and a lot of them did - Tony Hancock, Frankie, Sid James, it's dreadful really - was the stress. You can only be as good or better than the last show, and there's the permanent aggro of hoping you get the right writers and the right material.
I don't think I'm leading lady material, and I was always the wrong shape. I was never tall enough. But it was more lack of confidence. I shunned doing straight parts. I didn't think I was a good enough actress, so I thought I might as well do something they were supposed to laugh at.
For me, old age is just something that happens.
My only claim to music is a good sense of rhythm, and I have been in musicals and done some singing.
I am grateful for any following and am always surprised by it!
