English,Athlete
I can't change my personality. I'll always smile, but I'll be more focused.
Before training, I eat slow-release energy food, such as porridge or muesli, especially in the morning. Afterwards, I eat protein so my muscles are able to recover, such as a protein bar followed by a meal of chicken and vegetables. I always stay hydrated during workouts by drinking plenty of water throughout.
I feel like, when I'm 100% healthy, I can do anything.
My granddad used to mind me at weekends, and if the game was on, and you wanted to get across the room, you had to crawl under the TV. So I've always been a Liverpool fan, and meeting Steven Gerrard was massive for me. He knew who I was before we'd even said hello!
When you see all the medals won by Team GB, you can just see how much it means to each and every athlete, so it just feel like it's a little bit of a missed opportunity - but I'm only 23. I have just got to get on now and keep going.
As soon as I could talk, I chose shorts to wear.
I want to lay all my cards out on the table and walk away with no regrets.
You can be in the shape of your life, and then injury strikes. So you have to grab your opportunities.
An example of my average week would be the gym on Monday; Tuesday will be a technical session. I practice running and high jump on Thursday and then have another technical session at the weekend.
It's an individual sport; you want to do well for yourself.
It's what happens in other major championships - I just lose my head a little bit.
I want to win medals for myself.
The heptathlon is made up of seven events, and people have strengths and weaknesses.
I actually hated dancing. My mum used to have to bribe me to go by buying me things. A year before I stopped going, I was going to go for an audition with the Royal Ballet. It turned out I was a year too young. Because I was tall, they thought I was older. But before I had the chance to go back, I quit.
If you saw pictures of me as a kid, you'd laugh because I was always in football kit.
I played a lot of football, and I was a goalkeeper, but I didn't really like playing in goal.
Thankfully, I found athletics. My mum didn't like it at first, but the funny thing is that, now, she's the biggest athletics fan out there. She's a real expert, and she's got all the heptathlon books.
In the heptathlon, you can be any shape. Some of the girls are more built than others, and their strong events are the shot put and javelin.
In the lead-up to competitions, I just watch box sets and DVDs and play 'Candy Crush.'
I live with my mum and my nan. I think I will leave eventually, but not at the moment when they look after me so well. If you came to my house, they'd make you eat something.
Everything happens for a reason - I'm a believer of that for sure.
I want people to tell me the truth.
I don't want to be someone else.
I got very addicted to performing. I just want to do that more.
I can always go back to education.
I'm very wholehearted. I want to concentrate on one thing in my life at one time.
I just need to concentrate on each event and accumulate a good score, and hopefully I won't flop in the 800 m. in Gotzis.
You can only train three or four hours a day, so what do you do with the other 20 hours?
I've been training quite hard.
It's inspiring for me to know that you've got to step up your game.
I can handle coming fifth as long as I know I've given my all out there and have no regrets.
I always have a book that I write during competition. I need it with me, just to read back and reflect and look forward. If I'm feeling anxious, it helps me.
In 2012, I was over the moon to be there, especially as it was our home Olympics. It was a once-in-a-lifetime experience, and I just wanted to take everything in.
I am going to Rio with a chance of a medal.
I've got so many big gains to make in the javelin and the shot put. I know I'm not going to be winning the field in those events, but I need to do myself justice.
I always said I wanted an Olympic medal. It's the pinnacle of any athlete's career.
I've always known that Rio and Tokyo are my two Olympics. Now that Rio hasn't gone to plan, Tokyo has to work, and I'm more motivated than ever.
As a Liverpool fan, I'm an eternal optimist because of what we did in Istanbul in 2005.
We are all trying to achieve our dreams.
It's very easy to run a good 200 m. after an appalling shot put.
When I was a kid, I always had my hair in two plaits. But for dancing, I had to have it in a bun because I did ballet.
I used to play football with a load of lads, and I would be like a secret agent going out with a hat on so they wouldn't see my hair in a bun.
Mum is the girliest of them all, but she ended up with me, the tomboy.
My goal is definitely a gold medal still in Rio.
There will be mental worries with the long jump before Rio, but I know I can get through it. It's just getting my confidence back. I know I have a big jump in me.
I've always believed in myself, and it's such a long competition over two days, you can't worry about what anyone else is doing.
If I can put it together, I've got an opportunity to win.
Getting rid of all the world records would be a bit of a radical move.
In boxing, it's one fight, so it's easier to build up rivalries, but everyone's got huge respect for each other.
It's impossible in heptathlon to have a proper rivalry - you're spending two days together and seven events and dedicate your life to it. It's like a marathon: two days of mental and physical exhaustion.
I've always followed this page on Instagram called the Sausage Dog Hotel.
You don't not want to beat somebody because you're friends with them.
Obviously, when you're up against somebody you don't like there's extra motivation, but I don't think any person going for an Olympic gold is going to put friendship first.
I think I've slayed my long jump demons.
I used to keep injuries to myself. It would just make it worse and worse. Now I'm having none of that.
I'm going to trust my instincts when something's wrong.
Every international meeting or championship I do, I can cope a lot better because I can say I did the 100 m. hurdles, opened up the athletics at an Olympic Games in front of a home crowd, 80,000 people.
It's crazy because it's a British record and a personal best, but I wanted that 2 m. I cleared the 1.97 m. first attempt with space, so I think I could have done a little better.
I'm trying my best.
They're just my weaknesses. Everyone is just constantly talking to me about it. It doesn't help.
You don't have to be a bodybuilder to have strength in your muscles.
My mum was a dancer. She would tour the world with a group, and she had me in a dance class when I was still in a nappy. They told her to come back when I could walk.
At primary school, it was always me and this other girl, Lauren, who would fight over who was the fastest every year. I was quicker, but for some reason, she always got the glory leg in the relay team. That used to annoy me.
I don't do athletics for any other reason than achieving certain distances, certain titles and goals in my head.
This is my job. I just wake up, and I train.
I was one of those girls in class who always had her hair in plaits, was always with the boys, always playing football in the street.
It was just me and my mum growing up, and my mum's always said that's why I'm so mature. We were best friends, and if it wasn't for her, I wouldn't even have started athletics, because she wanted me to have a hobby.
There's a big debate whether pentathlon or heptathlon is harder: five events in one day or seven in two.
It's a huge step up from the European Indoor Championships to being world outdoor gold medallist.
London 2012 was the biggest thing I will probably ever do, but I didn't realise it at the time!
I remember going down the tunnel into the Olympic Stadium and getting a glimpse of all the people and hearing all the noise, all the people shouting for us. I'd seen Usain Bolt on the warm-up track, and then, as I walked into the stadium, I sort of realised how big it was!
For me, I can't see Liverpool without him because he's just been there since I was a kid. I had him on the back of my shirt. He's always been on the team every time I've watched Liverpool. It's going to be really weird next season, a Steven Gerrard-less Liverpool side.
