English,Actress
My husband is the chef of the family; he's a brilliant cook. Actually, it makes you quite lazy when you have somebody that's so good at cooking under the same roof. It's all beans or spaghetti when I'm left to run it.
I don't like dirt. Cleanliness is high on my agenda, but I don't have a phobia of dirt. I'm just not keen on it. I don't really like dirty people or houses or smelly things.
When I grew up in central London, we had six pavement slabs for a garden.
Botox and other fillers make everybody look the same, with the big cheekbones where they fill you up. It's much cheaper to have a fringe - it takes years off everybody.
Marriage and being a mother are absolutely crucial to my happiness and my life.
I hope to be still acting when I'm 70 on TV, film and theatre.
When you think about such fine actors as Maggie Smith or Michael Gambon, they do all mediums. I think it would be quite sad and a bit dull just to have to stick to one. I like all of them.
There's always a sense of tragedy with icons. It happened to both the Princess of Wales and Diana Dors. A lot of people had grown up with them, and everybody loved them. Then, when they had at last found happiness, they were taken in the most dreadful way.
The funny thing about children is that, whichever room we're in, that's where they'll be. If I'm in the bath, they'll want to be in there too, playing with the toothbrush pot or brushing my hair.
If there's room for 30 reality shows, surely there's room for two amazing costume dramas.
I do love playing aristocrats, probably because it's so against type. So much more interesting than playing a version of yourself.
I happen to know there is nothing sexy or romantic about love scenes. They are just awful to do.
I'm not saying that every night of the week, my husband, ex-husband, our children and I all sit around together like one big happy family. But we do see each other frequently, and everyone loves each other, and we are all friends.
When you get into your 40s, the roles do tend to drop off, and I've seen it happening to friends of mine. Hopefully it is improving, and there are female TV executives now who are championing women of all ages in leading roles. But I'm not counting on it.
There's nowhere to hide in the theatre. You can't be the one in rehearsal who doesn't know their lines.
There are lots of actors who are posh and stick with that, and there are lots of actors who are cockney, and that's what they do. That's fine, but I don't think that could be said about me.
I've stopped worrying about whether people think what I do is any good. I've taken stick in the past, and I've genuinely worried and got incredibly upset.
Things can change on a daily basis in television. You can be introduced to aspects of your character that you had no idea existed because they didn't exist a week before. The next week it might be taken away from you in some way that you can't control.
It's very easy to keep putting off having a family if you enjoy your job, but you just have to get on with life.
I'm a size 12 and I'm very happy with it.
Life is simply too short to think about everything you put in your mouth, and it's not good for children to see you picking over bits of salad.
Coming from a family where the parents had been together for 40 years, you never imagine that divorce is going to happen to you.
I think if you do a lot of interviews, you're laying yourself open. If you put yourself out, accept every invitation to every premiere, then you can't really complain when people knock on your front door and photograph you in the street.
I've nothing against stay-at-home mums, but I love going to work, I love what I do and I wouldn't want to start resenting my home life if I was staying home 365 days a year.
We're not an acting family, but my parents have always encouraged me.
I've never seen an episode of 'Downton Abbey.'
