English,Actress
I see the world through my eyes. It's sometimes a strange world.
I don't think that you can fake warmth. You can fake lust, jealousy, anger; those are all quite easy. But actual, genuine warmth? I don't think you can fake it.
All through my life what I've loved doing is watching movies. I love the escapism of film, I love stories. So it is incredible to be able to be in them as much as I am, to see them from the first stitch in a costume to the end product.
Film is a much lonelier process than theatre. You really don't have any rehearsal time in film. You don't shape it together... with theatre, there is a complete kind of family atmosphere. The sociable side of this business is the theatrical side, it really isn't the film side.
I made a conscious decision to live my life the best way I could and that meant to publicise myself as little as possible.
Well, the thing about great fictional characters from literature, and the reason that they're constantly turned into characters in movies, is that they completely speak to what makes people human.
I think everybody has the right to a private life.
It's all about perfection, isn't it?
I'm doing a film now with a lot of guys as well, so at the end of that I will be growing a beard.
I don't have a problem with my body. I'm not just going to strip off all my clothing, but if the part calls for it and I don't think there's any way round, I'm absolutely fine.
I think every girl is looking for her Mr. Darcy.
It's an interesting thing when you discover something about yourself. To go: 'Wow, I'm not the person I thought I was. I'm in the middle of something and I can't actually deal with it.'
It's not everyday you get to do a pirate movie, you might as well go for it.
When I was about 5 I think, I desperately wanted to be a pirate and have the hat and everything.
I tried college for three months but I was desperately unhappy. I just wanted to perform. I was getting straight As but I had no friends and cried every day.
It's good to know that other people think differently, and that's what makes the characters interesting.
It's fantastic to have the opportunity to work abroad, and do all that, but there is a certain point where you're just like, 'Oh, I'd love to work at home.'
I find more interesting roles for women in period pieces. I do personally like watching period films; I think you can really get lost in the fantasy of them.
You already feel unsure of yourself, and then you see your worst fears in print. It really knocked me - which is why, I think, I was working, working, working, because I was trying to run away from the fact that I thought I couldn't do it.
My mum says that I was born 45, and I do remember at six thinking that I should be earning my own living.
I started working when I was seven, and ever since then I've been saving for an apartment. Even before that I had a little jam jar designated for my apartment money.
Nice is the worst word.
It's impossible. You try to have any kind of relationship with your family, with a man, or with a friend, and you have to be on the phone and the Internet the entire time.
I really believe that in this industry women have to be very true to themselves about what they're comfortable with.
I don't think I can call myself an actress yet. I just don't think my skill level is that high. I hope that with every job it gets better. But until I'm good, I can say I'm trying to be an actor, but I don't think I've completely made it.
And we're fortunate if we have parents who are great and loving and inspiring. But, unfortunately, there are people who don't have that.
