English,Musician
You've got the sun, you've got the moon, and you've got the Rolling Stones.
If you don't know the blues... there's no point in picking up the guitar and playing rock and roll or any other form of popular music.
Give me a guitar, give me a piano, give me a broom and string; I wouldn't get bored anywhere.
Rock and Roll: Music for the neck downwards.
I look for ambiguity when I'm writing because life is ambiguous.
I mean some doctor told me I had six months to live and I went to their funeral.
It's great to be here. It's great to be anywhere.
I've never had a problem with drugs. I've had problems with the police.
Let me be clear about this. I don't have a drug problem. I have a police problem.
I never thought I was wasted, but I probably was.
It's an addiction... and addiction is something I should know something about.
Everybody's got a different way of telling a story - and has different stories to tell.
Good music comes out of people playing together, knowing what they want to do and going for it. You have to sweat over it and bug it to death. You can't do it by pushing buttons and watching a TV screen.
If you say I'm great, thank you very much. But I know what I am. I could be better, man, you know?
You have the sun, you have the moon, you have the air that you breathe - and you have the Rolling Stones!
If you're going to kick authority in the teeth, you might as well use both feet.
Songwriting's a weird game. I never intended to become one - I fell into this by mistake, and I can't get out of it. It fascinates me. I like to point out the rawer points of life.
I only get ill when I give up drugs.
To me, as long as we've known each other, I've always thought Mick's most brilliant thing was that he could work in an area two foot square and give a very exciting performance.
You get onstage and make other people feel happy. Make them feel good.
The Beatles were basically a vocal band.
This is the rock 'n' roll life, and you had to invent it as you went along. There was no textbook to say how you operate this machinery.
Everyone talks about rock these days; the problem is they forget about the roll.
To me, my biggest fear is getting a big head, and that is when I get the hammer. Because it's very easy in this game to believe you're something special.
About myself I have no great illusions. I know what I am. I know what I'm good at. I know what I ain't. I'm always hoping to surprise myself. But I do have a love of music and I do love to communicate it, and that's the best I can do, really. And I can raise a good family, too.
I have no idea what the audience makes of me.
