English,Actor
Walking is my main method of relaxation. I don't go over my lines or try to solve the world's problems, I just enjoy the scenery and the wildlife.
With something like cancer, there is a feeling that you can fight it in some way or control your response to it, but with dementia there is the fear of losing control of your mind and your life.
Dementia is often regarded as an embarrassing condition that should be hushed up and not spoken about. But I feel passionately that more needs to be done to raise awareness, which is why I became an ambassador for the Alzheimer's Society.
You just suddenly think that there's something quite childish about acting. Basically, it's pretending, isn't it? It's good fun and I enjoy it, but it's a funny way of making a living, particularly when you make a very good wage, as I've been fortunate enough to do.
I never have liked detective dramas. I try to watch all of them to see what's going on, but I don't like them.
From the time you are a tiny baby, a parent's love is usually unconditional. Whatever you do, your parents think you are the tops, but when their memory goes, you stop recouping the love you've put in.
I wish people would take more care of the countryside.
I'm not very relaxed; I always need to be doing something.
The more telly you do, the more it feels like a factory.
My mum Mary was always a bright, confident and fiercely independent lady.
You can't converse with Alzheimer's sufferers in the way you do with others; the dialogue tends to go round in circles.
I wanted to be a stage actor but I got stuck on television. It took a couple of years to get used to.
People think I'm thick because of the characters I play. I think I'm brighter than the characters. Well, I hope I am.
I'm fascinated by politicians, because I suspect the huge majority of them go into it full of ideas and for the best possible reasons but end up being hijacked.
With your own children, you love them immediately - and with grandchildren, it's exactly the same.
Being a grandparent is whole new phase in your life.
I'm not interested in more money for the sake of it.
I've been going to Bamburgh for holidays since I was a child.
Before my mother's diagnosis with Alzheimer's, I had heard of the disease, but hadn't known anyone who had suffered from it.
With all the lines I have to learn for TV scripts, I don't think I have any problems with forgetfulness - that's brain exercise enough for me.
My family have been around Northumberland for five generations.
I'm very good at being out of work.
I'm not interested in more money for the sake of it. You're aware that if you're nicking all the budget, somebody else is getting threepence ha'penny, or the production values aren't going to be so high.
It always staggers me when series don't use their sidekicks.
Being in Oxford can be a bit like being on holiday - there's plenty of time spent in the pub.
I still remember going to a smart restaurant in Los Angeles, and the maitre d' knew my name and showed me straight to a table even though we hadn't booked. I get stopped for autographs by people from Sweden on the tops of mountains.
I loved Martin Offiah, Andy Farrell and Shaun Edwards in that Wigan team, and they are still heroes today. They were outstanding players and great to watch.
I love taking the boat to the Farne Islands, a few miles offshore. It has a National Trust bird sanctuary with seals and every sort of seabird you can imagine.
The real reason I love Bamburgh is that it's the only place in the world where I ever truly relax.
I read the papers like everybody else, so I don't complain about what they print.
I know actors who court personal publicity because they believe no publicity is bad publicity.
I honestly don't think I sought fame. It wasn't something I courted or wanted, particularly.
I don't see why it gives people the right to know about my private life if I don't want to talk about it.
