English,Actor
I'm very lucky, I've got two very loving parents, still very much together, and always been very supportive.
On a serious level, I wouldn't tell the press if I was in a relationship or not. I wouldn't ever reveal that, because it takes you down a certain road... I have no desire to be courting the press with my love life.
Any kind of horror video game where I'm the first-person player and I'm... I suddenly stop caring about the video game dude, and I'm like, I really don't want him to die,' and then the minute he dies, it upsets me. I can't play those games.
The best people to have power are the ones who don't want it.
I don't go to work thinking, 'Right, I'm going to be more heart-throbby today.'
You find with the really great actors, the ones you really admire and look up to, very often they're very giving, generous, warm people.
I've always been a bit of a self-doubter. I think a lot of actors are.
Working with animals is always going to be tough because the animal doesn't know it's an actor.
I've always hated my voice. You sound different in your head when you hear it out loud.
As an actor, you don't have much choice about your appearance. It's a good excuse for looking ridiculous.
Jeff Bridges is one of those icons that I put on a very high pedestal, so just to get to chill with him off-camera on cold, rainy days was surreal.
I love going out. I love partying.
Politics is a game and a profession. It doesn't really serve the people the politicians are supposed to serve.
We are fascinated with our own history, and we are fascinated with the Romans because they were millennia ago, and yet they still capture our imagination because they were actually so similar to us. They were very civilized. They had a very similar political system.
I love action. I love doing fight scenes; I always have. I love it.
I didn't get into this for fame, I genuinely didn't. I love acting, and I know that's a cliche, but I didn't, really, I was very naive when it came to the whole being recognized thing.
My parents brought us up in a very clever way, which was that they saw what we were interested in naturally, and then they encouraged whatever that may be. When I started sharing a keen interest in drama and the theater, instead of steering me away from it, they encouraged me to see plays and think about drama school.
I wear quite fitted clothing. I don't like wearing baggy stuff.
I just don't know anything about fashion.
There are lots of actors out there who are hugely, hugely talented and haven't got the breaks I've had.
There's a huge difference between stage fighting and real sword fighting.
I try not to read the social networks too much. I find that way madness lies.
I trained in theater. And I started in theater with my first two jobs doing stage plays.
I was called Kit from day one; really, I only found out my name was Christopher when I was 11.
When I'm applying for a new passport or something, someone will call me Christopher. Other than that, no one ever calls me Christopher.
My parents didn't have a lot of money when I was growing up. We were comfortable, but I didn't go to Oxbridge, and yet every American interviewer I get says to me, 'You're related to Charles II! Your grandfather was a baronet!' And it's infuriating, because that is a part of my history, but you're trying to turn me into a posh boy, and I'm not.
