English,Comedian
In awe, I watched the waxing moon ride across the zenith of the heavens like an ambered chariot towards the ebony void of infinite space wherein the tethered belts of Jupiter and Mars hang, for ever festooned in their orbital majesty. And as I looked at all this I thought... I must put a roof on this toilet.
The way prices are rising, the good old days are last week.
I've got a friend who is a lion tamer. He used to be a school teacher till he lost his nerve.
I took my mother-in-law to Madame Tussaud's Chamber of Horrors, and one of the attendants said: 'Keep her moving sir; we're stock-taking.'
My mother-in-law has come round to our house at Christmas seven years running. This year we're having a change. We're going to let her in.
I need to give affection and love, because without that, I wither. I need to give that love to someone. Without that, I'm rudderless.
The mother-in-law is the centre of a family.
I saw six men kicking and punching the mother-in-law. My neighbour said 'Are you going to help?' I said 'No, six should be enough.'
The mother-in-law came round last week. It was absolutely pouring down. So I opened the door and I saw her there and I said, 'Mother, don't just stand there in the rain. Go home.'
The wife's run off with the bloke next door. I do miss him.
My mother-in-law said, 'One day I will dance on your grave.' I said 'I hope you do; I will be buried at sea.'
My mother-in-law fell down a wishing well. I was amazed; I never knew they worked.
I've just had some bad news. Tomorrow is the mother in law's funeral. And she's cancelled it.
Take my wife... please. I'm not saying she's ugly, but when she went to see a horror film, the audience thought she was making a personal appearance.
I don't mind what the critics say, so long as I get some reaction. The worst thing is to be ignored.
You do something you're really quite proud of, and the public doesn't like it. Then you do something that perhaps you're not at all happy with and the public loves it. And that's the moment of truth, because it's the audience that's the final judge.
I can always tell when the mother in law's coming to stay; the mice throw themselves on the traps.
How can you analyse what is funny? What's funny to one isn't funny to another... What's funny to you is a personal thing.
I discovered the wife's got asthma. Thank God - I thought she was hissing at me.
I'm the most unromantic lump of Northern suet. Yes, a woman did accost me once in South Shields, but she had a face like Red Rum.
The mother-in-law had an accident at work. A hot rivet dropped down her drawers and she fell off the oil rig.
When we were courting, I told my wife: 'I could live in your eyes.' She said: 'You'd be at home; there's a stye in one of them.'
I used to sell furniture for a living. The trouble was, it was my own.
My wife is a sex object - every time I ask for sex, she objects.
Marriage is an institution and that's where a couple finish up.
I'd like to thank the BBC for allowing me to work here. And I'd like to thank the wife and kids for making it necessary.
