English,Comedian
Offence is important; that's how you know you care about things. Imagine a life where you're not offended. So dull.
I am not racked with self-loathing. Some issues of guilt and shame, but I'm a pretty good guy.
Guilt is feeling bad about what you have done; shame is feeling bad about who you are - all it is, is muddling up things you have done with who you are.
There are a lot of comics at the top end making staggering amounts of money and selling out stadiums. I think stand-up is a more intimate thing than that. Maybe because of the kind of comedy I do. It's like a discussion, but I'm the one with the microphone.
All my shows are therapy, trying to navigate interesting subjects so I can work them out and to be honest and say some things are beyond the wit of this man.
I find myself by default an atheist but fairly unhappily so. It would be bloody marvelous if there was a god.
No one wants life to end. It was bad enough when my last tour came to an end.
I don't mind not being cool; I wear a cardigan.
I think Ross Noble is the only person that I've seen really storm a stand-up slot at a festival, and that was when he led 3,000 people on a conga out of the tent and across the entire site to a vegetarian food truck.
Never Google yourself. Seriously, don't!
I've spent a lot of very happy times in Edinburgh as a result of playing virtually every festival since 1996. It's also a beautiful city in its own right, is walkable, within sight of the sea and mountains - and was too far north for the Luftwaffe to have done any damage, hence the spectacularly beautiful architecture.
I find it hard to get enthusiastic about hotels because, as a touring comic, I spend a lot of time in them.
If you want something Scottish, go get yourself a kilt.
I spend my jollity on stage, so there is less in my own life.
I realised that to compare your insides with other people's outsides leads to unhappiness.
The most successful comics are always the hardest-working ones.
Jim Henson was an absolute genius.
Catholicism has the clerical equivalent to a nut allergy - even a small exposure to change, and the whole thing will go into anaphylactic shock.
I rarely fly, for environmental reasons more than anything else.
I have learnt that I am incapable of packing the right amount of clothing, probably because I start 10 minutes before I'm supposed to leave, and that I truly hate airports.
I went to China for a brief working visit, and I thought that Shanghai was interesting, but Beijing totally grabbed me.
I'm more pompous and self-assured and determined that if - you know - if the truth can be told so as to be understood, it will be believed.
Eventually, somewhere - be it on the Internet or somewhere else - I will host some version of 'The Daily Show.'
I think it's important never to look yourself up on Wikipedia. I think the temptation to correct any interesting factual errors would be too much.
And much as I enjoy writing and creating stuff, I don't enjoy it so much that I am willing to give up any time that could otherwise be spent performing.
I'm best known as a stand-up comedian, but I'm a good actor in the right role.
