English,Leader
Power is like being a lady... if you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman.
The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other peoples' money.
Disciplining yourself to do what you know is right and important, although difficult, is the highroad to pride, self-esteem, and personal satisfaction.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
I am extraordinarily patient, provided I get my own way in the end.
Plan your work for today and every day, then work your plan.
I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job.
Europe was created by history. America was created by philosophy.
It may be the cock that crows, but it is the hen that lays the eggs.
I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left.
If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.
Standing in the middle of the road is very dangerous; you get knocked down by the traffic from both sides.
What is success? I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose.
A world without nuclear weapons would be less stable and more dangerous for all of us.
Being prime minister is a lonely job... you cannot lead from the crowd.
There is no such thing as society: there are individual men and women, and there are families.
There are still people in my party who believe in consensus politics. I regard them as Quislings, as traitors... I mean it.
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but should get you pretty near.
The spirit of envy can destroy; it can never build.
To me, consensus seems to be the process of abandoning all beliefs, principles, values and policies. So it is something in which no one believes and to which no one objects.
I am in politics because of the conflict between good and evil, and I believe that in the end good will triumph.
People think that at the top there isn't much room. They tend to think of it as an Everest. My message is that there is tons of room at the top.
The battle for women's rights has been largely won.
Any woman who understands the problems of running a home will be nearer to understanding the problems of running a country.
I've got a woman's ability to stick to a job and get on with it when everyone else walks off and leaves it.
I like Mr. Gorbachev, we can do business together.
Ought we not to ask the media to agree among themselves a voluntary code of conduct, under which they would not say or show anything which could assist the terrorists' morale or their cause while the hijack lasted.
We Conservatives hate unemployment.
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best.
It's passionately interesting for me that the things that I learned in a small town, in a very modest home, are just the things that I believe have won the election.
You don't tell deliberate lies, but sometimes you have to be evasive.
We were told our campaign wasn't sufficiently slick. We regard that as a compliment.
