English,Poet
Waiting for the spark from heaven to fall.
Bald as the bare mountain tops are bald, with a baldness full of grandeur.
The need of expansion is as genuine an instinct in man as the need in a plant for the light, or the need in man himself for going upright. The love of liberty is simply the instinct in man for expansion.
The pursuit of perfection, then, is the pursuit of sweetness and light.
Journalism is literature in a hurry.
Poetry is simply the most beautiful, impressive, and widely effective mode of saying things.
The freethinking of one age is the common sense of the next.
Culture is to know the best that has been said and thought in the world.
It is so small a thing to have enjoyed the sun, to have lived light in the spring, to have loved, to have thought, to have done.
Nature, with equal mind, Sees all her sons at play, Sees man control the wind, The wind sweep man away.
To have the sense of creative activity is the great happiness and the great proof of being alive.
Poetry; a criticism of life under the conditions fixed for such a criticism by the laws of poetic truth and poetic beauty.
It is almost impossible to exaggerate the proneness of the human mind to take miracles as evidence, and to seek for miracles as evidence.
Culture is properly described as the love of perfection; it is a study of perfection.
For the creation of a masterwork of literature two powers must concur, the power of the man and the power of the moment, and the man is not enough without the moment.
Our society distributes itself into Barbarians, Philistines and Populace; and America is just ourselves with the Barbarians quite left out, and the Populace nearly.
Resolve to be thyself: and know that he who finds himself, loses his misery.
Because thou must not dream, thou need not despair.
Still bent to make some port he knows not where, still standing for some false impossible shore.
France, famed in all great arts, in none supreme.
Sad Patience, too near neighbour to despair.
Truth sits upon the lips of dying men.
The true meaning of religion is thus, not simply morality, but morality touched by emotion.
Greatness is a spiritual condition worthy to excite love, interest, and admiration; and the outward proof of possessing greatness is that we excite love, interest and admiration.
Conduct is three-fourths of our life and its largest concern.
Home of lost causes, and forsaken beliefs, and unpopular names, and impossible loyalties!
