English,Clergyman
After a storm comes a calm.
None so deaf as those that will not hear. None so blind as those that will not see.
He whose head is in heaven need not fear to put his feet into the grave.
Many a dangerous temptation comes to us in gay, fine colours, that are but skin-deep.
Eve was not taken out of Adam's head to top him, neither out of his feet to be trampled on by him, but out of his side to be equal with him, under his arm to be protected by him, and near his heart to be loved by him.
Extraordinary afflictions are not always the punishment of extraordinary sins, but sometimes the trial of extraordinary graces.
Here is bread, which strengthens man's heart, and therefore is called the staff of Life.
It is not talking but walking that will bring us to heaven.
Goodness makes greatness truly valuable, and greatness makes goodness much more serviceable.
It is good news, worthy of all acceptation; and yet not too good to be true.
Shallows where a lamb could wade and depths where an elephant would drown.
Better late than never.
No attribute of God is more dreadful to sinners than His holiness.
Sanctified afflictions are spiritual promotions.
It is good for us to keep some account of our prayers, that we may not unsay them in our practice.
It is common for those that are farthest from God, to boast themselves most of their being near to the Church.
It is not fit the public trusts should be lodged in the hands of any, till they are first proved and found fit for the business they are to be entrusted with.
Saying and doing are two things.
The way to preserve the peace of the church is to preserve its purity.
He rolls it under his tongue as a sweet morsel.
Men of polite learning and a liberal education.
Not lost, but gone before.
So great was the extremity of his pain and anguish, that he did not only sigh but roar.
The better day, the worse deed.
The Scriptures were written, not to make us astronomers, but to make us saints.
They have most satisfaction in themselves, and consequently the sweetest relish of their creature comforts.
