English,Musician
I live my life on self-belief and I live it partly on going with the flow.
I would love to have twins. I think there's something nice about having two babies, and they're there for each other their whole entire life.
Whether I was dancing around the house with headphones on or on stage with the Spice Girls... I learned firsthand that dancing was the key to shedding off the pounds and keeping them off.
I collect art. I just recently bought two gorgeous photographs of Marilyn Monroe by international photographer Eve Arnold and I know it sounds horrible but when she dies all her pictures are going to be worth triple. But I won't tell you how much I got them for - let's just say it was a lot.
I've always said that kids should enhance your life, not hinder your life, so I just try to make the most out of being with my kids. You have to have a life for yourself somewhere in the mix of being a wife and mum.
Hopefully, next year if we can get everything sorted out and together.
I live on my gut instinct.
If my senses don't feel right then I don't do it.
The way that I live my life is on spontaneity.
I'm always down for a Spice Girls reunion. I love the Scary hair and platforms. Any time of day or night I'll be there.
Look, everything that you experience as a kid is the foundation of how you are today. I was brought up in a working class family in Leeds and when it comes to money both my parents worked hard and instilled the same attitude into me.
I know about investment. It's really obvious - you buy property, let it sit for a couple of years and then sell it and reinvest.
I'm well-travelled so I can see places coming up. I went to St. Croix in the West Indies at Christmas and it had been hit by a really bad tornado. Values there have gone down but I guarantee they will be up again in eight years. So I'll get in now while it's cheap as chips.
Sometimes I can be tactful and sometimes not. It all depends on the mood I'm in.
I'm overly excited to finally announce this amazing global partnership deal back home with EMI Music. I know I have mentioned doing music in the past but for legal reasons I was not in a position to release any new music.
Love me or hate me, Scary Spice is back.
