English,Journalist
Few places on earth have been as affectionately alchemised into literature as the Lake District.
We got a copy of the 'New Statesman' at my grammar school in Wigton, Cumbria, in the 1950s. It sat mint fresh every week on the library table, with two or three other bargain-offer magazines. The 'Statesman' came out of the unimaginable Great World. I started to read it then and have pegged along ever since.
Grime reminds me, if there is an echo, of sort of near enough like Liverpool in the very early Sixties. It's a lot of kids obsessed with music - obsessed with it.
It was my idea for high culture and popular culture to be treated equally.
If I meet pals, we do hug each other, and it's very nice, you know... it's something that's come on me late and became second nature, and it's first nature now!
Too old at 72? Careful. Ageism is out. We'll have the law on you!
I don't want closure, I don't know what that means or why you would want it.
The success of the arts has come through a mix of public subsidy, substantial private support, and good box-office receipts, but central to Labour's post-1997 programme has been a determination to increase access as much as excellence.
I don't believe in a personal God, no. And I don't believe in resurrection as it is in the New Testament.
In the 40 or so years I've known David Puttnam, not only has he pursued an outstanding career in films and now politics, but he has been the keeper of the flame of the British film industry.
Control, like curiosity, can be an exterminator.
More people go to Tate Modern than watch the Arsenal.
I am 74 now. Looking back, I have a sense of not really being in control of my career. I just went where it took me.
I don't feel like I'm slowing down.
My life is not very different from what it was 20 years ago. In fact, my career hasn't changed much since I was 22.
I was brought up in a strong working-class community by working-class parents and relations until I was 18, and that's what I really am. Now all sorts of things have been added, but that's what I am.
I decided years ago that I am just unfashionable.
I'm not a fan of the working class being mocked, including by some of our famous writers - even those who came from it.
I've been making arts programmes for almost 50 years, and every day, I can't believe my luck.
I'll never forget my interview with Barry Humphries - one of the oddest I've ever done. He insisted that for half the time he appeared as Dame Edna. So I interviewed the real Barry Humphries in a suit and tie, and then I interviewed Edna in full fig in her dressing room, where she criticised Barry mercilessly.
The best of pop in our country is among the best of the arts that we do. And Britain does the arts as well as, and sometimes better than, anybody else on the planet.
We start out as sand and soot out there in the universe, and who knows, in 40 trillion years' time we might come back. But if we come back without memory, it doesn't really interest me.
There's a lot of hours in the week if you use them properly.
What artists are doing, and what people who are receiving the arts are doing, is entering into this agreement to occupy a parallel world. The parallel world is ever-expanding. We used to think that it existed only for people who were wealthy, well-born, or educated. It isn't like that.
Connery made Bond real through his physicality. He did most of his own stunts and fights, and the audience knew it was him.
In a sense, Bond ousted the cowboy as the screen hero, and Ken Adams replaced the horse with technology.
My memory seems to be holding on quite well. There is no reason why it shouldn't if you keep training it.
Darwin talks about evolution, but he doesn't say how it started. Maybe the sense of mystery will dissolve in the face of science, but I am not so sure. We are all described by the human genome, but it's getting people nowhere.
Class doesn't create culture anymore.
I'm going to try and make you take the Beatles and Eric Clapton as seriously as the Berlin Philharmonic and Simon Rattle.
We were working class, and you don't lose that. Later on, I bolted on media middle class... and now people like me are in the House of Lords.
I'm a class mongrel.
I was born in a radio world, and I got so much from it.
I'd been writing fiction for 50 years, since I was 19. And when you write fiction, it becomes a way of thinking: there's always a novel around. The strange thing was that after 'Remember Me,' there wasn't.
I just got fed up with the Protestantism that I'd been brought up with being rubbed out, disregarded. There's an awful lot of frailty and doubt about it, which I understand and share, but there are certain things you just have to acknowledge.
You ask 20 of your friends how English and American democracy came about. None of them would say that Anglicanism or Protestantism had anything to do with it. But it was crucial to it!
The abolition of slavery was driven by the King James Bible. It gave slaves a common language and purpose.
The class barricades have been stormed by the forces of a broad culture, which is made up of clusters of individuals who have decided for themselves what they will be in society.
As the 20th century unspooled, a cultural warming melted down many frozen class characteristics.
In music, the Specials brought a city, Coventry, bombed out for a second time and riven with racism, to a celebration between black and white musicians and their music.
In the 1990s, from the estates of Scotland came the phenomenon of Irvine Welsh. 'Trainspotting' demanded its place not only in the high ranks of contemporary fiction but as a describer of a Britain that literally and metaphorically was in a deep mess.
Magna Carta has become totemic. It is in the comedy of Tony Hancock, in the poetry of Kipling, never far from the front pages in a constitutional crisis.
Magna Carta has 63 clauses in abbreviated Latin. Two of them that are still on the statute book, numbers 39 and 40, could be said to have changed the way in which the free world has grown.
Is it rather stupid and dangerous to take Magna Carta so much for granted, as many of us seem to do, and to think of this attitude as 'very English?'
Like university science departments, the arts have shown how they can earn their way and point to an economically newborn future for this country. They show that the U.K. could be a prime provider of imaginative riches and intellectual adventure, which I think are the two great prizes of the 21st century.
There is an army of the informed wanting to be more informed.
In 1997, the Labour government set out to strengthen funding for the arts - and achieved it.
Love of place is one of the characteristics I enjoy most about novelists.
I have written favourably in support of subsidy for the arts since the 1960s, and I continue to believe absolutely in subsidy, as I do in the BBC licence fee.
It is very difficult for middle-aged, institutionalised males who have done so well out of subsidy - and, fair play, given much back - to realise that there is a time to be a well-heeled revolutionary.
In an arts programme, my job was to go where the talent was. And the talent was in popular culture.
Television, above all, is the place where people can see the world they live in, and if the world they live in is a world without the arts, so much the worse for television, and so much the worse for the viewers.
I love writing, and I love making arts programmes.
Autobiographical fiction is very tricky.
A lot of the novels I admire are 'admirably provincial.'
I actually admire some of the books by a lot of the writers who write magic realism very much, but it's not for me. It's not what I can do, but even if I could, I don't really want to try.
A lot of the novels that I've really enjoyed in my life, whether it's Tolstoy's 'Cossacks,' or 'Sons and Lovers' or 'Jude the Obscure' or 'David Copperfield' or 'Herzog,' have an autobiographical spine.
Writers are looking for a story. Using your own life as the basis for a story gives it an association with reality that's a wonderful starting point.
The theatre always seems to be in trouble but always thriving. It's deeply comical to me that we agonize about our crap football teams and indifferent Test sides when in front of our noses is a great world success story that no one's interested in apart from those who work in it.
Film has changed the way we look at the past.
One of the great things about making 'Reel History' was meeting British people from all over the class system. It made me realise that London is a different country.
I sometimes think the only true record of England is the 'Cumberland News.'
The arts stimulate imagination. They provoke thought. And then, having done that, all sorts of other things happen.
I'm a Labour party supporter, but I'm also a democrat.
Compared to the big 19th-century novelists, I've got a slim volume of work.
I enjoy writing. Would I rather be playing golf? No. Would I rather be fishing? No.
I think television does tease out a certain vanity in everybody when you look at yourself and you go, 'Oh Christ.' Maybe that's why my intros get shorter and shorter.
There are two big beasts in the arts: the BBC and Sky Arts - challenging, leading the way.
I was the only BBC graduate trainee in 1961 interested in arts broadcasting. I knew I wanted to write, and I had to make a living.
Miliband failed us, his Labour supporters. And Labour will now, because of him, be in a disaster zone for a long time.
I do think the BBC could do more, but I've always thought the BBC could do more - I think there should be more arts programmes full stop.
It's amazing that Sky is the only place that has two dedicated arts channels. The BBC is doing very well... but why don't they do more?
If you look at the creative economy in this country, it's per capita way bigger than any other in the world.
I got the job I wanted when I was 22, and I'm not going to give it up now.
