English,Musician
Your personality is what makes you sexy.
'Sexy' is being independent, being confident and having fun.
Being single has definitely given me a new lease of life.
For me, the most attractive thing in a man is the ability to make me laugh.
I love an old-school gentleman. Picking me up for dates, sending flowers, holding the door open, I love it all.
I don't want anyone to feel they can't achieve their ambitions if they are dyslexic.
When I go out, I'm not going out to find a man; I'm going out to dance the night away with my best friends.
Seeing my parents makes me realise that life is not a fairy tale.
I've had my heart broken, and it's the hardest thing. Everyone says, 'Give it time, you'll feel better in the morning.' But you don't. You feel like it's never, ever going to heal - especially during the first few weeks.
I'm very self conscious in a bikini, and I would never get my tummy out onstage.
If anyone approaches me and asks if I'm Mollie from The Saturdays, I'm immediately shy and embarrassed.
I never fail to find it weird when people recognise me.
On my days off, I like to be outdoors - on my bike or walking the dog or swimming - so it's important anyone I date is also into fitness.
It's important for a guy to know and understand me before he can even think about taking things to the next step.
I think a man should treat you like a princess.
I actually fall for guys when they're a bit all over me!
Boys have said in the past that I live my life like a movie. I love all things romantic, like kissing in the rain.
When I'm with someone, I'm completely devoted to them.
In all honesty, I don't really know how to feel sexy.
When I was at school, most people were planning on going to university and becoming doctors or lawyers. I wanted to be a singer, and I was laughed at. It was tough, but I never let anything stop me.
Cancer affects so many people, and even if it hasn't affected someone in your family then you know someone who has had it.
My biggest fear in life is losing the people I love, and the thing with cancer is that it seems that you can't really control it.
I have a personal trainer who I work out with. She's amazing and as well as making sure I do loads of sit-ups and press-ups, she also keeps an eye on what I eat.
I love fashion.
U.K. guys think it is cheesy to be nice.
I like a New York accent.
