English,Actor
I don't really have disappointments, because I build myself up for rejection.
Nowadays we have so many things that take our attention - phones, Internet - and perhaps we need to disconnect from those and focus on the immediate world around us and the people that are actually present.
Other people's success spurs me on to do well and gives me motivation.
The paparazzi don't care about me.
I always like to keep busy, otherwise my brain starts ticking.
I'm not one of those people who sits around knowing all bands and going to gigs all the time.
I don't mind my eyebrows. They add... something to me. I wouldn't say they were my best feature, though. People tell me they like my eyes. They distract from the eyebrows.
By the time I was 14, I was about six foot. I remember going into auditions, and they'd look at how tall I was and say, 'Well, you're taller than the lead actor, so there's no way we can cast you.'
When I like something, I love it, but then I'll let it go completely.
Long-term boredom can't lead to anything good.
The action stuff is only good if you get the character stuff in there as well. Sometimes that get lost in amongst all the trying to make stuff blow up.
After 'Skins' I became mildly famous, which was a bit of a disaster.
When you're on TV and in people's houses - it's great that anybody watches anything you've done, but you feel as though you're being watched by Big Brother sometimes. Even if people have no idea who you are, you get the feeling you're being watched.
I've realized why I don't tell the truth in interviews. It's because they're printed months later, and you change so quickly - you have new thoughts, new everything - so people are reading an old version of you.
Occasionally people will look at me and do a double take and they'll look at me like they're trying to think where they know me from.
I don't think parents always know where their children are going or what they are doing, what they are up to.
I think all teenagers feel alone, and that nobody else knows what they are going through and all that sort of stuff.
I think if you set yourself specific goals, that's quite a lot of pressure.
I don't want to share my worries - that's for me to know.
I'm kind of feeling ashamed now that I never get bullied. Everyone keeps asking me, but I don't, and it's kind of annoying. I wish I could say I did get bullied, because then everyone would feel sorry for me.
I'd just like to carry on acting.
I've got a really great family round me, two sisters and an older brother and my mum and dad. Everybody's equal.
I'm happy with my career and I'm not going to have the trouble of being typecast.
I try not to be too optimistic or pessimistic. If you're a pessimist then that's depressing all the time; if you're an optimist and things don't work out then that's depressing, too.
Life's too short for regrets.
It's a scary life and sometimes you think you'll never work again.
