English,Director
I imagine if aliens came down to Earth, they'd actually be quite tall; people seem to get everything right about extraterrestrials but the size!
I came up the old-fashioned way - tea boy, cutter, focus-puller, cinematographer - but I wasn't myself old-fashioned.
Mirrors are the essence of movies.
Nature repeats itself, but it never starts from the beginning.
Don't you think it's something strange that you rarely look at yourself in the mirror, except to do things like stand and ponder? I mean, in Shakespeare's day, it was thought that the mirror would reveal something, that it is trying to tell you something - not just to tidy your hair, but something more.
We can't get our youth back.
And later I thought, I can't think how anyone can become a director without learning the craft of cinematography.
I've always thought there was something very marvelous and magical about mirrors, and that they are connected to memory as well.
Our lives are full of all the genres. Fear and hope and sadness.
You make the movie through the cinematography - it sounds quite a simple idea, but it was like a huge revelation to me.
Marketing is such a key issue; in fact, the marketing department is often involved in the approval of scripts now.
Our memory and the movies keep movie stars alive for us, and Tony Curtis is still a star.
I like the probability of the impossible.
Marketing is a very good thing, but it shouldn't control everything. It should be the tool, not that which dictates.
Any change in form produces a fear of change, and that has accelerated. Marketing is the death of invention, because marketing deals with the familiar.
But in marketing, the familiar is everything, and that is controlled by the studio. That is reaching its apogee now.
Children's finger-painting came under the arts, but movies didn't.
Fear has many faces.
I was very glad later when I was directing that I wasn't in the hands of a cinematographer and hoping that he would do it well. I would know what he was doing, and we could discuss how that scene would look.
In life, we all learn from everyone.
Movies are not scripts - movies are films; they're not books, they're not the theatre.
Some people are very lucky, and have the story in their heads. I've never storyboarded anything. I like the idea of chance. What makes God laugh is people who make plans.
The great difference between screen acting and theatre acting is that screen acting is about reacting - 75% of the time, great screen actors are great reactors.
The rules are learnt in order to be broken, but if you don't know them, then something is missing.
There was a village watercolour society and they'd come and paint in my field. I watched them from the window, the way they would struggle this way and that to find the perfect moment. God has made every angle on that beautiful, and I felt that tremendously.
They think something's gone wrong, but in Don't Look Now, for instance, one scene was made by a mistake. It's the scene where Donald Sutherland goes to look for the policeman who's investigating the two women.
I generally try to avoid talking about my old films - I find it difficult.
Too many films today feel formulaic and familiar. I prefer it when the familiar is made to feel strange.
I've always loved the future. But I must say the future changes a lot quicker than it used to. An era used to last thirty or forty years - now we're lucky if it's five.
I realized I've spent all my life creating a past.
Film can be more of a reality than a page with words can ever be.
I've used mirrors in a lot of movies. I think the mirror is an extraordinary thing, also the reflective, a reflection in water, etc.
'Puffball' is a love story... no, it's a life story.
Men and women's needs and desires overlap but go in different directions as well.
Grief is an emotion that's almost unplayable because you're in a separate emotional state; it's an inconsolable emotion.
I hate it when people talk about Tony Curtis and say: 'His real name was Bernie Schwartz... ' That was just the name that he was given at birth. It's not the person he lived his life with, and became.
Tony Curtis was a joy to work with. He had a curious innocence that is very young and wise at the same time.
I think the big studios shaped and formed the artists that they put under contract.
You can't hide in life. We are all being watched by some larger vision.
I like women in film. I like women in general, but I especially like to show them on film. They are not ciphers.
When I went to the cinema as a boy, when I saw a war film, I thought the general was the star, and that Cary Grant was an extra. I had no idea about the structure of film, but I loved going to the cinema.
Oscars are won with two or three shots only, because if it's really beautifully photographed, you don't really notice it until the astounding moment emphasizes it.
I made a film called 'Bad Timing' that I thought everybody would respond to. It was about obsessive love and physical obsession. I thought this must touch everyone, from university dons down.
You cannot intellectualize yourself out of obsession. You cannot cure yourself of it.
When you admire someone's work, you are amazed by who you think they are.
I think I've never really liked the idea of genre, a film that follows the rules of a genre.
I love that perhaps we don't see the things that are there because we have no yardstick to see things by, to compare them.
Any cuts that are done to any film, they're usually things that have some personal resonance for whoever has got permission to cut it and feels they should. But it has very little to do with the actual weight, the truth, of the piece.
