English,Playwright
If you must have motivation, think of your paycheck on Friday.
I have a memory like an elephant. In fact, elephants often consult me.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
It's discouraging to think how many people are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit.
I have always paid income tax. I object only when it reaches a stage when I am threatened with having nothing left for my old age - which is due to start next Tuesday or Wednesday.
The higher the building the lower the morals.
There's always something fishy about the French.
It is discouraging how many people are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit.
I love criticism just so long as it's unqualified praise.
I'll go through life either first class or third, but never in second.
My body has certainly wandered a good deal, but I have an uneasy suspicion that my mind has not wandered enough.
Wit ought to be a glorious treat like caviar; never spread it about like marmalade.
Squash - that's not exercise, it's flagellation.
Work is much more fun than fun.
Someday I suspect, when Jesus has definitely got me for a sunbeam, my works may be adequately assessed.
Success took me to her bosom like a maternal boa constrictor.
I'm not a heavy drinker, I can sometimes go for hours without touching a drop.
We have no reliable guarantee that the afterlife will be any less exasperating than this one, have we?
People are wrong when they say opera is not what it used to be. It is what it used to be. That is what's wrong with it.
Just say the lines and don't trip over the furniture.
That strange feeling we had in the war. Have you found anything in your lives since to equal it in strength? A sort of splendid carelessness it was, holding us together.
Extraordinary how potent cheap music is.
I've sometimes thought of marrying - and then I've thought again.
Mona Lisa looks as if she has just been sick, or is about to be.
Never mind, dear, we're all made the same, though some more than others.
I don't believe in astrology. The only stars I can blame for my failures are those that walk about the stage.
