English,Actor
I like to give my inhibitions a bath now and then.
I have made many serious statements - I just can't remember any of them. I guess they mustn't have been very important.
I also use women as a sex object; maybe I'm kinky. However, I like to talk to them as well.
But the trouble is that when you drink it, you invariably meet other people drinking it.
I have two ambitions in life: one is to drink every pub dry, the other is to sleep with every woman on earth.
I like the effect drink has on me.
I do think a carpenter needs a good hammer to bang in the nail.
I'm not a villain, I've never hurt anyone. I'm just a tawdry character who explodes now and again.
Raquel Welch is someone I can also live without. We've got some love scenes together and I am dreading them!
Even though people say Richard Harris and I have been having a great feud, it's not true.
I believe my woman shouldn't work outside the home.
What's the point of staying sober?
I'm really a pacifist.
I do not live in the world of sobriety.
I don't like doing most things unless I can do them quite well.
If the money's right, I'll do a film.
I'm not as thrilled with myself as I used to be.
Awe and respect are two different things.
I wouldn't like to see a chick of mine taking her clothes off and kissing a fellow on screen. And my girls must get very hurt when they see me doing it.
When I come home and I'm tired from filming all day, I expect her to be there and make sure everything is cool for me. You know, like drawing my bath and helping me into bed.
I might get drunk one day and fall in love or fall over a hooker outside, and I would have consummated a relationship that I couldn't necessarily believe in.
I'm only drinking white wine because I'm on a diet and I don't eat.
Then you get into it, especially if you start talking about football, fighting and Muhammad Ali. Then the ladies get very bored and start delivering ultimatums.
You get so weak from eating pears that you fall down, and then they come and take you away on a stretcher.
At the New York Athletic Club they serve amazing food. People go there, get healthy, and then eat themselves to death - which is, I suppose, the right way to do it.
