English,Musician
I'm just an instant flirt with most people. I'm very cheeky.
You look at what One Direction has done and just say, 'That is just lucky;' it is not. It is happening because they are talented boys, good looking lads; and yes, their songs might not be the typical songs that lots of radios want to play, but they are great songs, pop records, that are massive across the world selling in huge numbers.
I love single life! Why would it be boring? I mean, I get to travel around and have loads of girls screaming at me, so it's definitely not boring. However, it can get lonely on the road, but I'm sorted I've got good people around me.
You should only have so many accessories. You have to make sure you have the right ones at the right time.
People relate to me, and I try to make songs that make people smile.
Whenever you're in a relationship, you have that favorite song that reminds you of when you first got together or when you first kissed, and then every time you hear that song, it reminds you of that person.
I think we all attract troublemakers; I don't think it's particularly about anyone. I had it actually as an album title, and I thought it would be really cool to write a song about a girl that's a bit of troublemaker.
I'm a huge fan of 'Heart On My Sleeve' - I think it has a 'Take That' feel to it! John Shanks and James Morrison wrote the track, and we spoke to Sony and asked if we could reference a 'Greatest Day'/'Rule The World' sound to make that epic ballad. I think it does the job.
I'm really into personalities. There have been certain girls that I've been attracted to, but when we got to chatting, it was such a let-down. So for me, a great personality is key.
I like girls who want to get up and dance and don't mind singing in front of my family - you know, silly stuff. Some girls won't eat in front of boys or won't go bowling. They just want to go out and look pretty. I don't really get that. I want someone who is up for having a good time.
The first bit of vinyl I bought was Michael Jackson's 'Bad.'
I suppose I've got a natural rhythm. When I was little, I used to just dance a lot and have some fun. I'd never been taught to dance. I've never been to dance school. I do my own little dance moves.
I was living at home until about 27 and decided it was time to move out and move somewhere else, so that's what I did. I wanted it to be the right thing to do. I didn't want to buy something out of my price range; I didn't want to be stupid with my money, so I decided to stay at home. Luckily, my mum and dad were amazing.
I'm a big soccer fan, so any soccer player that I meet, I always get star struck. I've met a lot of big stars - Justin Timberlake, Michael Buble - and I don't ever get starstruck, but when I met famous ex-football players, I just got completely starstruck.
To be the most successful male from 'The X Factor' is a big achievement, and I'm chuffed with that.
I always wanted to be in a boy band since I was a kid.
It has been hard for me in a sense because from an industry point of view - I don't care if I'm from the 'X Factor;' I embrace the fact that I'm from the 'X Factor,' but other people don't embrace that.
I know that there are going to be people that don't like my music, but I think in the industry itself it is always that, 'Oh. you're from the 'X Factor.' There have been certain radio stations that will not play your song because you are from the 'X Factor,' yet they'll play another song from an artist from another TV show.
I'm involved in music and fashion a lot more than I used to be, so my style has definitely changed - for the better, of course. It's given me greater insight into what colours work, what looks good on camera, and what I feel comfortable in.
You've always got to have the right blend of colour. You'd be silly to match a yellow t-shirt with a light green pair of trousers, you know? You can wear different colours at the same time, and as long as they blend with each other then it works. That's what I like.
Since becoming a pop star, I've experimented a lot more. I've gotten more creative with what I wear. My stylist is a bit more adventurous than I would normally be, but it's really worked, and the colours really work together. I think everyone should be a bit more confident: if it's a summer's day, wear some bright colours.
I don't think Flo Rida gets on just any song. If you look at the songs he has done - even The Saturdays one - was a hit. If it's not good enough, then he won't do it.
It's such a hard thing to write a song for your fans without sounding naff and thanking them for spending money on you.
New Year's Eve was always a big occasion at home with the family. Every year we would get the karaoke machine out and I'd entertain everyone, even as a young kid.
I wouldn't like my fans going through my rubbish.
I've always felt that my life's been at the right place at the right time; I feel like there's been some really dull moments, really high moments, really low moments, but it's always felt like everything's moved in the right direction; it always feels great, and everything feels right.
I'm a straight guy and I date women, but I get on really well with gay guys. I'm very comfortable with my sexuality. The weirdest thing for me is when straight guys get really freaked out by gay guys. It's almost like they're insecure in their own sexuality. For me, I can be in a room full of gay men and have fun.
In the U.K., I came from a talent show. I was watched by millions of people, so instantly when I came out from the show, people knew who I was.
It felt when I was growing up that sport was, like, the only thing you should do... if you do music, you're really different and a bit weird.
After 'Heart Skips A Beat' hit No.1, I barely had a chance to celebrate 'cos it was straight over to the judges' houses for the 'Xtra Factor,' filming in Greece, L.A. and Spain.
I know I'm really lucky to do what I do, but sometimes with the hours and the travelling, I don't get to see my family and friends as much as I'd like. It can be lonely on the road. Sometimes I come offstage after a massive adrenaline rush, and then when I go to an empty hotel room on my own, it can be an anti-climax.
I'm a keen runner, so I try to fit in a half hour every other day.
When I was 23, I went backpacking around Australia for three months. I saved up a few grand, quit my job and flew to Sydney, then went to Melbourne and up the East Coast, which was an incredible experience. I remember running out of money and getting my mum to send me a few hundred quid, which helped me get by.
Being a typical Briton, I love my home comforts and always try and find an English pub where I can tuck into some traditional English food, accompanied by a nice pint. Fortunately, I haven't been ill with food poisoning or anything like that, which is quite surprising considering how many different types of food I eat when I'm travelling.
I am fortunate to stay at lots of lovely hotels when I'm on tour, but my favourite hotel group in Britain is Malmaison. I recently stayed at the Malmaison in Manchester, which was pretty amazing. It had a fabulous bar and restaurants, as well as fantastic rooms with mood lighting.
My sleep is very important, and I have to have at least eight hours every night in order to function properly the next day. Unfortunately, flying through several time zones makes me disorientated, and it takes several days to readjust.
I take my mobile phone and iPad wherever I go. I like to switch off when I'm on holiday, but I always check emails in case someone at home is trying to get hold of me.
I'm not really one for reading books. I have a very poor attention span. I'd rather listen to music, play games or watch films on my iPad.
I've established myself as a proper artist. And it's ridiculous when anyone questions my credibility - I've had four number one singles and I've also sold over two and a half million albums. I shouldn't have to convince people that I'm credible, but I'm glad people are now taking me more seriously.
