English,Actress
It's amazing living alone. I'm very lucky. It's like a refuge.
There's nothing better than achieving your goals, whatever they might be.
I don't have a daily routine, beyond brushing my teeth. It changes every day.
I lend people money, but I'd never lend something that would jeopardise a friendship if I didn't get it back.
You feel a sense of elation seeing yourself on a billboard.
There's nothing wrong with a thick eyebrow; Frida Kahlo had them.
Curvy is something to be proud of.
You know, my mum's always encouraged me and never made my gender an issue, I guess. She brought me up to believe in equality, as opposed to feminism or sexism - so it just meant that my gender was not relevant to what I was capable of achieving.
I think what makes me different from the average Joe is that I feel free to be myself and express myself in the way that I want. If that makes you mad, we're living in a world of dire straits. If anything, it makes you more sane.
We all get old, but I always say the skinny, pretty girls will be screwed.
I'm so used to changing time zones that I can sleep at any time. I'm rarely ever tossing and turning - if I am, it's really a big deal.
I like someone with a really good and dark sense of humour.
I don't feel I fit in with morning television because I'm like a vampire and I like to stay up late.
I wish I was more stupid because I'm either completely ecstatic and joyous and absolutely high as a kite or I'm a bit morbid. There's never anything in between.
Dressing up is like therapy; I feel better in myself when I've made an effort.
I stay true to my lyrics. If I go back and look at them in hindsight, the emotions I had when I wrote them have passed. It feels unjustified to change them.
I'm not one for sightseeing or going around the shops when I'm on holiday. I do enough shopping when I'm at home, and like to have a complete break when I'm away.
I love interesting people with eccentric stories and outsiders of the world.
I don't connect much with the present. I have more of an affinity for what came in the past.
I'm surrounded by friends and family who are not that impressed by celebrity. They don't have any problem telling me I'm acting like an idiot or I'm not that funny.
My desire to experiment comes from my attention-deficit approach to cosmetics. I just get really bored, really easily.
I really hate bureaucracy and the idea that I'm not a free person.
When you're on the pop treadmill, you don't always feel that cool because you have to do things to promote the record that aren't necessarily your environment.
Compared to a lot of artists, I'm usually quite covered up in videos and photo shoots.
I'd rather be on my own than be with a violent man.
I'm not a downtrodden woman. I just won't be.
Anything that's on television as often as someone on 'The X Factor' is what's successful. That doesn't mean that I condone that or think that it's right. To be honest, I'd be the first to say I think it's a shame. But if that's the way it is then that's the way it is.
I don't have a competitive bone in my body, so the last thing I want to do is be competing with people.
It's tragic that you can define a whole movement in music by gender alone. People are like, 'Oh, look, another quirky girl.'
Cinema affects everything, from the way I get dressed to how I build my stages.
I want my shows to be eerie and mysterious.
I enjoy being a girl.
I'm really into food; it's one of my favourite things - everything from potato waffles to lobster.
All creative people have to have vulnerability because those nuances are what move people. So I'm deeply insecure - but I'm good at hiding it.
A lot of men do have a fear of my ultra-femininity. Sometimes people say I look like a drag queen, that I look scary, but I think that's a fear of my confidence. Most women in contemporary culture pare down their femininity, so there's a slight androgyny about them, and I think men have got used to seeing that.
I'd rather die than let somebody get the better of me.
You cannot schedule death.
I don't understand why the accent you speak in has to indicate what level of intellect you have.
Celebrity culture is an aspirational culture regardless of how much you don't want it to be.
We live in a society where everything's packaged.
I agree with cosmetic surgery for medical reasons - my mother had breast cancer and I think it's very sad when somebody has no choice in what happens to their body.
I think everybody should focus on inner beauty.
I wasn't really comfortable reading until I was 12.
My mum's always on at me to have children and blames 'that stupid stage thing you do' for me not already having a family.
I just have an inability to lie.
Adele's like a beacon of honesty. Doesn't compromise, goes to America and she's still the same sweary cockney.
I'd love to say that I could write political songs, but I don't feel clued-up enough.
I don't know anyone, from any class, who's had a perfectly easy life. I've met people born into wealthy families who feel like they didn't have much emotional support, and people who come from working-class families who had loads of love but no money.
Working with Terry Gilliam was magic - I've been watching his films since I was little.
I'm proud of being British, but I think our aristocracy is overrated.
I like sparkles; I think I'm a magpie.
I'd say that, first and foremost, I'm a performer; I started performing when I was four years old, and being on stage from a young age set me up.
I don't normally have time to read, so when I go away I like to take a few books.
My favourite authors are Milan Kundera and Jeanette Winterson.
I travel regularly and have learnt to be very methodical as far as packing is concerned. For example, I always check the weather in advance of where I'm going to ensure that I've packed the right clothes.
I feel curious about every situation I'm in.
My mum came from nothing and didn't have many opportunities in her youth, and she blames a lot of her social inadequacies on that.
When I do my shows, it's really cross-generational. Sometimes there's three generations there.
I love going to the cinema. Whenever I get time off, that's where I go.
I try not to brand myself 'weird' any more because it sticks.
When you research prolific songwriters, it is usually later in their career they write songs that they distance themselves from, or it's about other people.
I'm under no illusion that there are things about me that I'd like to change. I just accept who I am, and I'm proud of it.
I go running three times a week - outside in the park, come rain or shine, and I hate every moment of it. I hate everything about it. But I know it's important for health reasons and the reason why I run, in particular, is because my stage work is like cardiovascular work so I don't want to lose my breath on stage.
I dread the idea of a paparazzi snapping me while I'm out running.
I try to stick to a certain diet all the time, and then when I feel like a reward, I have it. I try to stick to no dairy, no sugar, no wheat.
Some men think that if you're empowered and sure of yourself then you're a man-hater, but it's like, 'No, I'm just the same as you are, but maybe just a tiny bit more confident.'
I'm the type of person who, if somebody offers me a free meal, I get excited because you never know where your next free meal is going to come from.
The freedom that money gives you makes you... well, I wouldn't say happy, but I'd say it gives you diversity.
I use debit cards for everyday purchases, as I don't believe in credit cards. But this has caused problems, especially with American touring, because I refuse to have a credit card - and in America you can't pay for anything on a debit card.
I don't overthink when I'm styling. I kind of forgive myself and accept that I will make mistakes. Getting dressed should be a fun experience!
I get to know my regular fans, and they inspire me.
Anybody who says they don't want to be seen on a show which has millions of people watching it at one time when they're in the business of selling records is a bit silly.
I've spent a lot of time being bohemian and sleeping on floors, but eventually I want to have kids and I want to bring them up in a secure environment.
If I get in a relationship, it's always for the long-term; if not, I don't see the point.
I design all my sets. With my tour and my album artwork, I co-design that with people who are better at drawing than me. But I've got a good imagination. I went to art school so I understand how to communicate my ideas.
I am inspired by show girls and Vegas. I was a cabaret performer, so that's where all that influence comes from.
I'm very affected by what I watch and read.
Sometimes people fear the truth. They'd rather not speak to you than know what you really think.
I think soul is soul. I don't see new soul as any different to old soul.
It's celebrated in British culture to be eccentric.
I think that there should be options available, quite early on, that if someone is recognised as a disruptive child, for them to be trained vocationally. Maybe if those kids were given the option to learn how to contribute to society on a practical level they wouldn't get into trouble.
I like not to feel that all my eggs are in one basket, or I get nervous.
All the things that I find beautiful have a darkness about them.
I vote Labour and can't begin to acknowledge anything good that comes from a Tory.
No one ever chats me up; I think they all think I'm taken. Either that or no one fancies me.
