English,Musician
It's time to end the cruel slaughter of whales and leave these magnificent creatures alone.
If slaughterhouses had glass walls, everyone would be a vegetarian.
In the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.
Somebody said to me, 'But the Beatles were anti-materialistic.' That's a huge myth. John and I literally used to sit down and say, 'Now, let's write a swimming pool.'
We were pretty good mates until the Beatles started to split up and Yoko came into it. It was more like old army buddies splitting up on account of wedding bells.
I used to think that anyone doing anything weird was weird. I suddenly realized that anyone doing anything weird wasn't weird at all and it was the people saying they were weird that were weird.
I'm not religious, but I'm very spiritual.
I don't work at being ordinary.
There are only four people who knew what the Beatles were about anyway.
I've got to admit it's getting better. It's a little better all the time.
One of my biggest thrills for me still is sitting down with a guitar or a piano and just out of nowhere trying to make a song happen.
Nothing pleases me more than to go into a room and come out with a piece of music.
So, if I'm cooking, I'll be steaming vegetables, making some nice salad, that kind of stuff.
She is the rock 'n' roll queen. Weirdly enough, that is one of the things her reign will be remembered for. Queen Elizabeth I, we remember Raleigh; Queen Elizabeth II it's gonna be the Beatles.
None of us wanted to be the bass player. In our minds he was the fat guy who always played at the back.
I used to think anyone doing anything weird was weird. Now I know that it is the people that call others weird that are weird.
Think globally, act locally.
I don't take me seriously. If we get some giggles, I don't mind.
When you first get money, you buy all these things so no one thinks you're mean, and you spread it around. You get a chauffeur and you find yourself thrown around the back of this car and you think, I was happier when I had my own little car! I could drive myself!
When we were starting off as kids, just the idea of maybe going to do this as a living instead of getting what we thought was going to be a boring job, was exciting.
To keep the record straight, it wasn't always John and Yoko. We've all accused one another of various business things; we tend to be pretty paranoid by now, as you can imagine. There's a lot of money involved.
John's time and effort were, in the main, spent on pretty honorable stuff. As for the other side, well, nobody's perfect, nobody's Jesus. And look what they did to him.
I never look forward, because I have no idea about how any of it happened to getting here. I've no idea how the next five years are going to be.
I had this song called Helter Skelter, which is just a ridiculous song. So we did it like that, 'cuz I like noise.
I definitely did look up to John. We all looked up to John. He was older and he was very much the leader; he was the quickest wit and the smartest.
I can take pot or leave it. I got busted in Japan for it. I was nine days without it and there wasn't a hint of withdrawal, nothing.
I used to think that all my Wings stuff was second-rate stuff, but I began to meet younger kids, not kids from my Beatle generation, who would say, We really love this song.
I think people who create and write, it actually does flow-just flows from into their head, into their hand, and they write it down. It's simple.
I saw that Meryl Streep said, I just want to do my job well. And really, that's all I'm ever trying to do.
I never really got on that well with Yoko anyway. Strangely enough, I only started to get to know her after John's death.
I knew the words to 25 rock songs, so I got in the group. Long Tall Sally and Tutti-Frutti, that got me in. That was my audition.
I can't deal with the press; I hate all those Beatles questions.
George wrote Taxman, and I played guitar on it. He wrote it in anger at finding out what the taxman did. He had never known before then what could happen to your money.
George Martin, he's very good at a very sort of lush, sweet arrangement.
At the end of the Beatles, I really was done in for the first time in my life. Until then, I really was a kind of cocky sod.
It was Elvis who really got me hooked on beat music. When I heard 'Heartbreak Hotel' I thought, this is it.
But you know, as a kid I would have thought of a vegetarian as a wimp.
We were a savage little lot, Liverpool kids, not pacifist or vegetarian or anything. But I feel I've gone beyond that, and that it was immature to be so prejudiced and believe in all the stereotypes.
But with writers, there's nothing wrong with melancholy. It's an important color in writing.
My old school in Liverpool is now a performing-arts school, and I kind of teach there - I use the word lightly - but I go there and talk to students.
I was still 15 when I met John Lennon at a village fete in Woolton, in Liverpool.
You see, my mother was a district nurse until she died when I was 14, and we used to move from time to time because of her work.
My dad, bless him, was a musician. And his dad had thought that his music was rubbish.
Looking back, I think I was always musical. My dad was very musical, and I think my mom was musical.
Somewhere down the line everyone must pay for their misdeeds.
When I sit down to write a song, it's a kind of improvisation, but I formalize it a bit to get it into the studio, and when I step up to a microphone, I have a vague idea of what I'm about to do.
I hate the idea of success robbing you of your private life.
I look a lot busier than I am, as I'm actually a rather sporadic, random person and I'll play a few gigs and then disappear for a while.
I'm a pretty hands-on dad and make the most of my custody. I take care of my little one whenever I can, and she determines what I can do and where I can do it.
Being in the audience actually looks like quite a lot of fun.
I'm always writing songs, and I've got a bunch that I want to record.
I'm often reading a magazine and hearing about someone's new record, and I think, 'Oh, boy, that's gonna be better than me.' It's a very common thing.
