English,Athlete
Never set limits, go after your dreams, don't be afraid to push the boundaries. And laugh a lot - it's good for you!
You can be strong and true to yourself without being rude or loud.
I never plan to run at a certain pace. All my career my motto has been 'no limits.' I don't try to run with a set time in mind, sticking to set splits, because what happens if you're ahead of your splits - are you going to slow down?
You see, with me, when I'm nervous, I smile and laugh.
I am not going to let Athens affect the rest of my life.
There's always going to be somebody who takes a dislike to you and you can't waste time worrying about it.
It's important that athletes can compete on a level playing field. And youngsters coming into the sport can know that if they are working hard and training hard, they'll see a true reflection of where they stand and what they can achieve worldwide and not be swayed by people who are cheating.
It's totally different from last year because I came in with good shape with no health worries so it was about going out there and running well and enjoying it.
I am not driven by any bitterness by what happened in Athens. I learnt a lot of lessons from it and probably came through it a stronger person in the end. There have been a lot of near misses, and that's taught me to keep persevering and that there is a chance it can come right.
In the marathon anything can happen.
When you get close to race day, there's that anticipation and excitement - it's the same whatever level you're running at because the marathon is like a festival.
I can't imagine living and not running.
I deliberately returned slowly to training after Raphael was born and everything, apart from being bitten by a dog whilst out training in Monaco at the beginning of the year, has gone pretty well.
A half marathon is a good way to have a bit of fun and race against those girls and learn a bit more about them. The world half marathon is a world championship at the end of the day and it's important. I've win it twice and it's a quality event.
Every time I go out and race it's a goal to go out and run faster than I've done before.
I have been doing 120 miles a week, when normally I would do about 140.
From my training I can get a good idea of what I'm capable of.
I would be happy with an Olympic bronze. What I don't have is an Olympic medal.
In my Olympic history I don't think I have achieved my potential as an athlete. That's what I want when I look back at my career. I want to be able to say I gave it my best shot.
I just want to be in the best shape I can be. Not to stand on that start line and say: 'Oh my God, I have this injury and that injury.' I just want to be able to go out and race.
No one remembers who came fourth.
As an athlete, there are advantages being with a team and getting regular physio.
I set myself some specific goals, but the key one is just getting myself into as good a shape as possible for one day this year: the Olympic marathon.
You can wish as hard as you like but all that really matters is the shape you're in on the day of the race. I've always felt these really big races aren't necessarily won by whoever is the fastest. They're won by the athlete who is the smartest and in the best shape on the day.
For an athlete, the biggest pressure comes from within. You know what you want to do and what you're capable of.
To represent your country at a home Olympics is something special and I'm over the moon to be selected for Team GB. I was pleased to get the qualifying time in Berlin earlier this year and my sole focus is getting in the right shape for London.
I took a lot of bad things after Athens. I just learnt to deal with it. The problem was beforehand I had this feeling where I was trying to please everybody - I wanted everybody to like me.
I don't like going away from my children.
Running gives me a lot of pleasure. It's something I'll always do, as long as I can.
I've no desire to do one of those 50-mile races like the Comrades or anything like that.
I prefer to be in tune with my surroundings and to be aware of things. I like listening to my foot strike and my breathing. It can be quite soothing.
People are lying when they say that their record being broken is good for the development of the event. I would like mine to remain as long as possible, please.
