English,Actor
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.
The point of living and of being an optimist is to be foolish enough to believe the best is yet to come.
I am an optimist, unrepentant and militant. After all, in order not to be a fool an optimist must know how sad a place the world can be. It is only the pessimist who finds this out anew every day.
The French and the British are such good enemies that they can't resist being friends.
In America, through pressure of conformity, there is freedom of choice, but nothing to choose from.
Parents are the bones on which children cut their teeth.
If Botticelli were alive today he'd be working for Vogue.
The social sciences were for all those who had not yet decided what to do with their lives, and for all those whose premature frustrations led them into the sterile alleys of confrontation.
Corruption is nature's way of restoring our faith in democracy.
Monica Seles: I'd hate to be next door to her on her wedding night.
At the age of four with paper hats and wooden swords we're all Generals. Only some of us never grow out of it.
Once we are destined to live out our lives in the prison of our mind, our duty is to furnish it well.
Pavarotti is not vain, but conscious of being unique.
Contrary to general belief, I do not believe that friends are necessarily the people you like best, they are merely the people who got there first.
If the world should blow itself up, the last audible voice would be that of an expert saying it can't be done.
The habit of religion is oppressive, an easy way out of thought.
Intelligent or not, we all make mistakes and perhaps the intelligent mistakes are the worst, because so much careful thought has gone into them.
The truth is an ambition which is beyond us.
Her virtue was that she said what she thought, her vice that what she thought didn't amount to much.
Critics search for ages for the wrong word, which, to give them credit, they eventually find.
By increasing the size of the keyhole, today's playwrights are in danger of doing away with the door.
Playwrights are like men who have been dining for a month in an Indian restaurant. After eating curry night after night, they deny the existence of asparagus.
It is our responsibilities, not ourselves, that we should take seriously.
Children are the only form of immortality that we can be sure of.
People who reach the top of the tree are only those who haven't got the qualifications to detain them at the bottom.
