English,Musician
I'm not a singer who plays a bit of drums. I'm a drummer that sings a bit.
The world is in your hands, now use it.
The difference between the American version of 'Live Aid' and the British one - in England, if you wanted a cup of tea, you made it yourself. If you wanted a sandwich, you bought it. In typical American style, at the American concert, there were laminated tour passes and champagne and caviar.
You know, a song is like a kid. You bring it up. And sometimes something you thought was going to be fantastic, by the time it's finished, is a bit of a disappointment.
It's actually come as quite a shock to learn just how many people don't like me.
It's not often that an English drummer gets an Oscar. So I'm very, very proud of that.
I don't really listen to music.
Many of the articles printed over the last few months have ended up painting a picture of me that is more than a little distorted.
Beyond a certain point, the music isn't mine anymore. It's yours.
If Miles Davis hadn't died it would have been interesting to do an album with him, but there wasn't much else that would have got me into the studio... although Herbie Hancock has just been in touch about doing something and that would be an interesting combination.
In 1977 we played America and Europe three times, and Japan - my marriage suffered as a result. My then wife took the kids to Canada to be near her parents.
I'm just trying to do things that are interesting for me.
My only saving grace is that I actually collect things that nobody else is interested in.
And I would like to marry and have more children. I would like to try and do it right.
Many people think of me as a perfectionist, someone who polishes and shines each song and performance. I've always been bothered by that assumption.
'Urban Renewal' was sweet because I've been - unfairly, I would say - plonked in the middle of the road because of a handful of songs. It came at a good time for me, because you do take a bit of a browbeating and, as you get older, you become better at accepting it and realizing why it happens.
I prefer black music in general.
I'll have the music, and then I'll just turn the microphone on, press Play and Record and sing. And whatever comes out ends up being the melody.
I've spent the last year and a half going through a very public separation, hiding in hotel lobbies.
I'm not trying necessarily to become a movie star; that wouldn't be bad but that's not the aim. I'm just trying to do interesting things and go into areas where I've not been before.
To be honest, producing records interests me less at the moment and I really don't want to get involved in album projects that are going to take up a lot of time.
The day Tarzan opened in London, I sat in a hotel room and discussed the project in detail.
It's always been easy with Mark, he's a rock fan and we speak the same language. He's a big Beatles fan too. We worked a lot via CLI calls, though only meeting up once every couple of months.
I'm writing new songs for a Broadway version of Tarzan, which is very interesting. I think what I learned from the Brother Bear score side of things, I've brought into the new Tarzan songs. Thinking outside just guitar, bass, drums and keyboards.
I'm usually going to make a record, finish a record, start a record or start a tour or between tours.
I can't remember much about the early flights, except that it was ages before we got into First Class.
To see a lot of the smaller labels disappear or get gobbled up by the bigger labels, that's a shame. It was a bit of a shock at first to see the demise of the record stores.
I grew up in the day when the Beatles sold 1 million singles in a week. And all you've got to do now is sell about 10,000 singles and you're in the charts.
I don't own an ABBA album, and I never had the urge to go and buy one. If you're just talking about well crafted pop songs, they were fantastic.
I have never been a Conservative, or at least not since being a young teenager. My father voted Conservative, and even his doing that was a hangover from the '50s and '60s, which may have been an influence on me.
I'm fascinated by what people will do to each other. Actually, I'm sort of interested in the gory details of life.
Everything has added up to a load that I'm getting tired of carrying. It's gotten so complicated. It's the three failed marriages, and having kids that grew up without me, and it's the personal criticism, of being Mr. Nice Guy, or of divorcing my wife by fax, all that stuff, the journalism, some of which I find insulting.
That's the trouble with wishing you were somebody else. As much as you may want it, you know it'll never happen, at least not in this lifetime.
That's going to be on my headstone: 'He came. He wrote 'In the Air Tonight.' He... died.'
All I set out to do was to earn a living playing drums, you know? And as luck would have it, I've surpassed that.
There's no magic for getting into the groove... just banging away at it. Sometimes the lyrics come first, sometimes the music.
When I was five or six, I started dressing up like Davy Crockett.
Originally, I thought the story of the Alamo was all these men defending their liberty when they could have left, knowing they were going to die. That's without a doubt what appealed to me, the romance and the nobility. But, as in life, the more you dig the more you find out that things weren't quite like that.
The story of the Alamo has touched many more people than one would think. So, I would like to pay my respects to those men on both sides of the walls in those months of February and March 1836.
I never said I was at the Alamo. Someone else said I was at the Alamo. Now I'm a nutter. I don't think that's fair.
There were 'big stars' at the Alamo! Bowie, Crockett! It is a huge political event because it, and the events at Goliad and San Jacinto, changed the look of a map of America. America would be a very different place if Texas had remained Mexican.
If a musician dares to get out of the box he's been put in, people get confused. They want people where they can find them! I am fortunate in some respects as I've always been known as someone who 'moves around' and tries different things. But generally, we are supposed to stay where we're put.
Genesis fans are a religious group!
