English,Poet
Autumn wins you best by this its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay.
I trust in nature for the stable laws of beauty and utility. Spring shall plant and autumn garner to the end of time.
Motherhood: All love begins and ends there.
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?
The moment eternal - just that and no more - When ecstasy's utmost we clutch at the core While cheeks burn, arms open, eyes shut, and lips meet!
Grow old with me! The best is yet to be.
One who never turned his back but marched breast forward, never doubted clouds would break, Never dreamed, though right were worsted, wrong would triumph, Held we fall to rise, are baffled to fight better, sleep to wake.
Love, hope, fear, faith - these make humanity; These are its sign and note and character.
What Youth deemed crystal, Age finds out was dew.
If you get simple beauty and naught else, you get about the best thing God invents.
Measure your mind's height by the shade it casts.
But what if I fail of my purpose here? It is but to keep the nerves at strain, to dry one's eyes and laugh at a fall, and baffled, get up and begin again.
What I aspired to be and was not, comforts me.
A minute's success pays the failure of years.
Ignorance is not innocence but sin.
A face to lose youth for, to occupy age With the dream of, meet death with.
Who hears music feels his solitude peopled at once.
Perhaps one has to be very old before one learns to be amused rather than shocked.
My sun sets to rise again.
White shall not neutralize the black, nor good compensate bad in man, absolve him so: life's business being just the terrible choice.
No, when the fight begins within himself, A man's worth something.
So, fall asleep love, loved by me... for I know love, I am loved by thee.
Every one soon or late comes round by Rome.
All June I bound the rose in sheaves, Now, rose by rose, I strip the leaves.
The aim, if reached or not, makes great the life: Try to be Shakespeare, leave the rest to fate!
Thou art my single day, God lends to leaven What were all earth else, with a feel of heaven.
Oh, the little more, and how much it is! And the little less, and what worlds away.
Finds progress, man's distinctive mark alone, Not God's, and not the beast's; God is, they are, Man partly is, and wholly hopes to be.
I give the fight up: let there be an end, a privacy, an obscure nook for me. I want to be forgotten even by God.
