English,Clergyman
Guilt upon the conscience, like rust upon iron, both defiles and consumes it, gnawing and creeping into it, as that does which at last eats out the very heart and substance of the metal.
Innocence is like polished armor; it adorns and defends.
If there be any truer measure of a man than by what he does, it must be by what he gives.
Problems can become opportunities when the right people come together.
The seven wise men of Greece, so famous for their wisdom all the world over, acquired all that fame, each of them, by a single sentence consisting of two or three words.
An Aristotle was but the rubbish of an Adam, and Athens but the rudiments of Paradise.
Action is the highest perfection and drawing forth of the utmost power, vigor, and activity of man's nature.
Most of the appearance of mirth in the world is not mirth, it is art. The wounded spirit is not seen, but walks under a disguise.
Defeat should never be a source of discouragement but rather a fresh stimulus.
Wonder is from surprise, and surprise stops with experience.
Novelty is the great parent of pleasure.
Speech was given to the ordinary sort or men, whereby to communicate their mind; but to wise men, whereby to conceal it.
Loquacity storms the ear, but modesty takes the heart.
Passion is the drunkenness of the mind.
It is idleness that creates impossibilities; and where people don't care to do anything, they shelter themselves under a permission that it cannot be done.
Truth will lose its credit, if delivered by a person that has none.
Anger is a transient hatred; or at least very like it.
God afflicts with the mind of a father, and kills for no other purpose but that he may raise again.
It is the work of fancy to enlarge, but of judgment to shorten and contract; and therefore this must be as far above the other as judgment is a greater and nobler faculty than fancy or imagination.
Similes prove nothing, but yet greatly lighten and relieve the tedium of argument.
Let a man be but in earnest in praying against a temptation as the tempter is in pressing it, and he needs not proceed by a surer measure.
The mind begins to boggle at unnatural substances as things paradoxical and incomprehensible.
God expects from men something more than at such times, and that it were much to be wished for the credit of their religion as well as the satisfaction of their conscience that their Easter devotions would in some measure come up to their Easter dress.
In all worldly things that a man pursues with the greatest eagerness he finds not half the pleasure in the possession that he proposed to himself in the expectation.
Folly enlarges men's desires while it lessens their capacities.
Abstinence is the great strengthener and clearer of reason.
