English,Actor
Teach love, generosity, good manners and some of that will drift from the classroom to the home and who knows, the children will be educating the parents.
I was considered chubby as a teen.
Some are blessed with musical ability, others with good looks. Myself, I was blessed with modesty.
My father believed in toughness, honesty, politeness and being on time. All very important lessons.
I had prostate cancer. It was rather painful and, in many ways, life-changing.
When I played Ivanhoe, kids used to come along and kick me because they thought I wore armour under my clothes. When I was Maverick, I was accepted as a cowboy. And in 'The Persuaders,' I became Lord Brett Sinclair. In other words, I am what I am for as long as I am.
If you don't have humour, then you may as well nail the coffin lid down now.
I was fortunately always offered jobs because I was so pretty. Women used to complain about it!
I enjoy being a highly overpaid actor.
I am a mixture of idealist and realist.
I enjoy tennis, though don't play very often nowadays, and skiing... oh yes and swimming.
Everybody seems to live rather well down here in Monaco!
I just want to be remembered as somebody who paid his debts.
I was possibly shy. I don't know why some people are shy and some aren't. Some people blush very easily.
When I was eight, an uncle, great uncle, gave a violin to me, and my father took me off to have lessons. After about six weeks, the violin teacher told my father he was wasting his money, wasting his time, and wasting my time, and it's one of my big regrets.
I've learnt that through life you just get on with it. You're going to meet a lot of dishonest people along the line and you say good luck to them. I hope they live in comfort. Then I start sticking more pins in their effigies.
I would have loved to study medicine, but I was lucky to have come into the profession that I loved. I may not have been very good at it, but I loved it.
There is nothing glamorous about death.
The Bond situations to me are so ridiculous, so outrageous. I mean, this man is supposed to be a spy, and yet everybody knows he's a spy.
Oh yes, I love gadgets.
We all have a responsibility in life to do what we can to help those less fortunate.
The fact of the matter is that most actors are shy people.
Over the next two years UNICEF will focus on improving access to and the quality of education to provide children who have dropped out of school or who work during school hours the opportunity to gain a formal education!
My parents adored me, and I had a very happy childhood, so maybe I just sort of expect to be loved.
Of course I am frustrated with regard to extreme poverty, to violence that never seems to cease.
It's wonderful to travel with somebody that you love and we never travel anywhere without one another.
Working with UNICEF made me grow up and recognize how fortunate I am.
I speak relatively little, except when I'm at home and I'm asking for things.
I never thought I was much of an actor anyway.
I never stopped working.
You can either grow old gracefully or begrudgingly. I chose both.
Wait until the baby is born before you start criticising it, I say!
I'm the worst Bond, according to the internet. Generally hated!
I didn't learn the alphabet until I was 11.
I believe it is better to be prepared for illness than to wait for a cure.
I nearly died of double bronchial pneumonia at the age of five.
It's very tempting to over-eat all the bad things when you're on a film set.
I would love to be remembered as one of the greatest Lears or Hamlets.
No, I'm not at all adventurous. I'm terribly cowardly.
I'm a little devil.
I'm very lucky.
I'm used to bad reviews.
To be associated with success is absolutely wonderful.
I was not born with tremendous ambition.
People are always reading things into the films.
Sometimes I've had to put myself on a diet.
Not only am I a spender, I have had a couple of business people in the past who have been spending my money quite happily.
I don't think I've ever made any good financial decisions.
I'm proud to be British.
I was an only child and I wasn't going to share anything with anybody.
I loved my mother and father.
I've been married four times and caused a great deal of hurt and upset around me.
I was probably a little bit overweight as a child, being passionate about baked beans on toast and Cadbury's milk chocolate when I could get it.
When I went to Hollywood, I had to work out in a gym. The idea was that I should look like Daniel Craig, though they hadn't even met him at that point.
My James Bond wasn't any different to my Saint or my Persuaders or anything else I've done. I've just made everything that I play look like me and sound like me.
'Skyfall' was marvellous, the best Bond film ever made.
My iPhone has become rather precious because of all my music on it; every night, we set it for 20 minutes before we fall asleep to listen to some Mozart.
Selling your country's secrets is always wrong.
It's no good being talented and not being in the right place at the right time.
Being eternally known as Bond has no downside.
The knighthood for my humanitarian work meant more than if it had been for my acting.
Some of the things I've done in my life I'm ashamed of.
I never really absorbed myself in a role like some actors do.
Many take the roles home with them and live the part. I'm quite happy to leave mine at the studio and return home as I left: simple old Roger Moore.
Without doubt, you are recognized for the last role you played.
I play one role until I take on another, which is exactly what a professional actor should do.
Bond may be a very international, cosmopolitan kind of character, but underneath it all, he is essentially British.
Showbusiness is such a mad profession, I find commerce a wonderful outlet for keeping me sane.
Bond is fantasy.
I personally didn't like the idea of Bond in space.
What was good about 'Moonraker' was that we had Jaws back, because after 'The Spy Who Loved Me,' he became a well-loved villain.
My attitude about death is, going into the next room, and it's a room that the rest of us can't get into because we don't have the key. But when we do get the key, we'll go in there, and we'll see one another again, in some shape or form or whatever. It's not the end.
I'd occasionally do some exercises at home, but I never cared for gyms.
It's no good being the best actor in the world if nobody sees you because you didn't happen to be there at the right day when a part was being cast.
I wouldn't like to meet Daniel Craig on a dark night if I'd said anything bad about him.
When I was playing James Bond, it was the best job in the world. I mean, it was hard work, all that filming and travelling and tedium on set, but I earned a lot of money, and it was not a taxing job. I just had to say, 'Shaken, not stirred.'
I don't want to be remembered, because I'm not planning on going. I'm staying!
Illness played a great - and unwelcome - role in my early life. Mumps were soon followed by a raging sore throat, and it was decided that I should have my tonsils removed and adenoids scraped at the same time.
You can't be a real spy and have everybody in the world know who you are and what your drink is. That's just hysterically funny.
I spent my life playing heroes because I looked like one.
Practically everything I've been offered didn't require much beyond looking like me.
I would have loved to play a real baddie.
Sammy Davis Jr. was a real movie buff who loved nothing better than being around a film studio - whether he was working or not.
Rex Harrison could be a rather mean-spirited man, and he wasn't regarded very warmly by those who knew him.
Lana Turner taught me how to kiss on the set of the movie 'Diane' in the early Fifties.
Peter Sellers was a solitary character, always preferring to hide behind a mask, and consequently, you never really got to know the real Sellers.
When I filmed 'Live And Let Die' with Jane Seymour, I kept my socks on in bed, as it was such a cold set.
Learning a play is one thing, but to learn to play Vivaldi's 'Four Seasons' without music: that's brilliant.
When I was doing Bond, I was always being sent scripts to play the derring-do hero, with explosions going on all around.
I've not done badly for a boy from Stockwell, where I used to gaze at the silver screen in wonderment, little realising I'd be a part of this magical world.
Sadly, I had to retire from the Bond films. The girls were getting younger, and I was just getting too old.
I think 'The Spy Who Loved Me' was the best, or rather the one I enjoyed doing the most.
Actors don't really sit around discussing the parts they've played - just in case someone says, 'That was crap!'
I'm often asked, 'Who has you worked with who you really thought was great?' and I think Eleanor Parker was the first and one of the only who was a really accomplished actress, a really caring actress, who was most unselfish, and I was secretly in love with her.
I am privileged to be at the right end of violins: not the end holding it but to listen to it.
I do a lot of cooking; we eat a lot of fish, but I try not to make fattening things.
I made some very forgettable films, but I liked them all when I was doing them.
I replaced Jim Garner in 'Maverick.' I replaced George Sanders in 'The Saint.' I've replaced everybody.
