English,Actress
My alter egos have changed a lot over the years. When I was a child, I was a black horse called Storm. Whinnying and jumping over bamboo poles in the garden took up pretty much my entire childhood.
The worst thing you can do as a performer is to judge your character in any way, positively or negatively.
I've always scribbled, and I still do it. I've written numerous scripts for films for which I think I'd be perfect as the complex, intelligent and, yes, modern heroine. Embarrassingly bad, all of them. I've had to come to terms with the fact that I'm not a writer.
I can only do something that my sister or my daughter, if I have one, could watch and feel positive about.
Acting is a strange job because your control is very limited.
Postwar Europe was morally stagnant, and there was a lot of neo-conservatism.
I think one of the reasons I've done so much period work is because I feel so depressed by how society chooses to represent women in contemporary work.
Increasingly, it's actresses doing the big fashion advertising campaigns, and now there's no distinction between actresses and models.
There's no way I could ring up a company that was lending me a red-carpet dress and say, 'Do you have it in a 10?' Because all the press samples are an 8 - I would say a 'small 8.'
I'm a feminist. God, yes! A bra-burning, building-burning feminist.
I was brought up with a very strong sense of what can happen if your society starts to chip away at the small victories women have won for themselves.
I can't spend the rest of my life being pretty in a bonnet.
I love my home, spend as much time in London as I can, and try wherever possible to avoid travelling for work. Sometimes I think I'm really badly equipped to be an actress.
I'd actually really love to review books and films and plays, but you can't be an artist and a critic. I would love it if I could.
Normally, when you're working on something, there are other characters that you have alliances with, and you have unified goals with some characters.
I've done a few costume dramas, and people say, 'What was it like wearing the costumes? Did they really help you with your character?,' and most of the time it doesn't make any difference. You're wearing something a bit weird, and it's sort of uncomfortable, but it doesn't really have a huge impact on the part that you're playing.
I love science fiction. I read a lot of science fiction.
There's nothing very interesting about my life.
I try not to live in the future too much; that can make you crazy as an actor. There are so many people who are obsessed about their career path, like it's something which you can control, which fundamentally you can't.
As a kid, I really loved 'Jane Eyre,' I used to fantasise that the past was so much better and my lifetime was crap.
There are people who you see on screen and think, 'Wow, that's a slim person,' and in the flesh they look nearly dead.
I want people to think I'm sexy, but to know also that I've got an ordinary body and not feel intimidated.
If I have to spend prolonged periods of time in a trailer, I go mad. Stuck in a metal box doing nothing, I lie there paralysed with boredom.
I get nonplussed by all the Fifties retro-revival aesthetic. Would we really want to be in our pinnies in our kitchen weeping? I find the kitchen, housewifey aesthetic repugnant.
The advent of digitally enhancing images - and the fact that actresses weren't protesting against that - created an environment where big corporations felt like they had total ownership over the bodies of actresses.
Female ambition is such a complicated thing to play because it is an aggressive quality, and people respond very badly to women exhibiting any kind of aggression.
I would argue that something dark is lurking between the sexes, and that it is seeping out into cinema.
Films about women and their concerns are seen as frivolous, limited and, most damaging of all, niche.
I think the problem is that there has been a kind of backlash against feminism. I think women just didn't really see themselves winning that fight, and I think that probably led to a lot women feeling trapped in a perpetual cycle of disappointment - trying to be feminists and failing to be.
I would like to know that I was still going to be employed as a woman well into my 60s. In acting terms, a career that spans a lifetime is a very hard thing to achieve, particularly as a woman.
Nowadays, most women just assume they have a right to be in the workplace, and any kind of discrimination they suffer is sort of more creeping.
I get grumpy about the innate conservatism of our tastes; I love bold theatre, and I get annoyed when a heritage piece is really successful.
I cheated at the Model United Nations when I was 13 and had to get up and apologise in front of the whole conference.
I've worked with actors who tell everyone what to do in the scene - that makes me go pretty atomic.
When you talk to women who were working as print journalists or in broadcasting in the '50s, and then you talk to women who were working in the late '60s, there's an enormous difference. There had already been a huge transition. Then, of course, you get well into the '70s and there were women with children working.
I was mad until I was about 25. Completely out of control with my emotions. Everything that happened to me was a tragedy. I've been much happier over 25.
We live in a society where children are expected to become adults overnight.
There are still journalists who risk their lives in situations of conflict, versus those who sit behind a desk at 'News of the World' to report on whether someone is going out with somebody or not.
I am always naturally drawn to heroines that have human flaws because I enjoy people that have lived their life with courage and make big successes and big failures.
I'm fundamentally a busy person; I spend my time doing useful things and profoundly useless things!
I read the paper pretty much every day, as well as getting news from the Internet and on TV. But I don't do social media at all; I'm a Luddite from that point of view.
Our conception of 1950s underwear is a lovely vintage aesthetic, but actually, wearing stockings with no elastic and a girdle was heavy duty.
You don't have to conform to a very specific aesthetic today, whereas 1950s women definitely had to.
I wouldn't want to direct - I think that's a very different job. You have to be a very specific type of person to do that.
