English,Actor
I do, kind of, spend a lot. And just on stupid things. Because I don't really know what to do. What are you supposed to do? Um. It just seems like way too much. We don't deserve it, at all, for what we do.
It's always at the back of my mind that acting might come to an end for me when Harry Potter finishes. I don't know if I'm good enough to have a long career. I've got a bit of an inferiority complex about my acting. My self-esteem is quite low in that sense.
I've known Emma Watson since she was 9, we've watched each other grow up, formed this sort of brother/sister bond, and suddenly I'm leaning in to kiss her. Well, it felt completely wrong... but, you know, you try to sink into the character and divorce yourself from it. We ended up laughing hysterically afterwards.
Being famous is wicked. But it's better to be normal.
We had a script reading, and that's where we met J.K. Rowling, which was really exciting.
We just started filming, and after every scene was shot, we had a rehearsal for the next one.
Leave home? It's quite a scary thought. I'm not the most independent person and that's the result. When you're always surrounded by people it becomes quite normal.
After being in Harry Potter, I believe a bit more in magic than I did before.
I was always a big fan of the books and over the years I've become quite attached to Ron and we've meshed into the same person, really.
Well, before I knew there was going to be a film. I was the biggest Harry Potter fan. I read all the books.
Ron was always my favorite character, because I feel like I relate to him, like we've both got red hair, we both like sweets, we've both got lots of brothers and sisters.
I get recognised sometimes, and that's really cool. I've tried certain disguises, but that doesn't work.
For me the stunts are so cool, they're one of my favourite things when we're doing the film.
I've just started school again, and it was a bit strange to start off with; it took me three or four days to get used to it. My friends have been great, they've been treating me normally.
I found out that you could audition by sending a picture of yourself and some information to Newsround.
Well one of the times I did a stunt was in the devil's snare room and they lifted me up on a harness and a safety rope really, really high, and they just dropped me down into the devil's snare.
I am a really big Harry Potter fan and I've seen all the sets, I've lived Harry Potter and I don't think it's destroyed the books at all, I think it's really spot on.
People recognize me, call me Ron, and ask me questions. It's really cool and weird as well.
Every time I come off-set, I am just like a normal kid again.
I always wanted to go into acting.
I was really nervous. Even when I left the audition I was nervous.
I'm shorter, I don't have as many freckles as Ron, and I can't do magic.
I'd like to levitate.
I want Ron to stand up to Malfoy and punish him.
But I like all the books. You've got to read them all to get the complete Harry Potter experience.
I like all Jim Carrey films. They're really funny.
