English,Director
If you love someone, you love someone. It doesn't matter; age, colour, c'mon!
Sometimes photographing people is like pulling teeth, trying to get some sort of personality.
I believe that life is short, and there is too much time wasted bearing grudges, and I like to move on.
To be feminist doesn't mean you can't be submissive.
In 'Fifty Shades,' seemingly, Christian has all the power and control - but actually, Anastasia does.
The pictures I make come from every blink of my lashes.
I'm fascinated by male vulnerability.
I am just reflecting the times. I can't ignore them.
When I was out in Georgia doing photographs, I found myself trying to undo my own sense of composition. I'd think, 'Why do I want to take it like this? Is it because I want to take a beautiful picture?' It's quite hard to try and undo it.
If you look at art history, at Goya or Gainsborough, it's always about acknowledging the people of your time who have influence.
I'd like to make something about someone who hasn't existed so that I don't have to tread so carefully and can feel a little bit more creative freedom.
Finding your place as an artist is the hardest thing. You come out of college with what feels like a Mickey Mouse degree that qualifies you for nothing in the real world.
My favorite part of the whole filmmaking process is working with a fantastic cinematographer, a fantastic actor or actors, and then just creating emotions and stories. I get so excited by that. That's the part I'm utterly addicted to.
You think, 'You hired me because I'm a creative artist with a vision. Don't try and knock it out of me.'
I'm very blessed with the perfect husband.
When I decide I want something, I go in like an Exocet missile.
Directing 'Fifty Shades of Grey' has been an intense and incredible journey for which I am hugely grateful. I have Universal to thank for that.
It would be nice to be a bit autonomous again, to enjoy something a bit quiet.
I don't understand why there aren't more powerful female directors. I don't have the answers, but I hope that things may start to shift and that studios will employ more women to handle strong and interesting material.
I am completely, utterly obsessed with clothes. To an embarrassing extent.
There's definitely something transformative about clothes.
When I was eight, a hippie guy taught me how to meditate and gave me this scarf I was supposed to wear when I meditated. I still have it; it's probably one of the items that mean most to me.
My mother reads tarot cards, actually, but I won't let her read mine.
I don't think you can judge something without seeing it.
People tell you you're having chemotherapy, but there are different types of chemotherapy, and you don't know which one you're going to get and how it's going to affect you. The people in the hospitals don't always have time to help you understand it.
I can be a bit extreme. I'll spend too much time running round the park, doing yoga and drinking green tea. I can get a bit obsessive. I have to rein it in sometimes.
I eat all the time, and I run all the time.
When I had cancer, people were surprised at how cheerful and upbeat I was, but I couldn't let myself go to depression - to go there, that defeat would allow everything in. If you look too far into the abyss, you might never come out again. You can stand on the abyss and peep but not give in to sadness.
Tea is a huge part of my life.
My biggest fears aren't with my work. My biggest fears are walking through hospital doors. Once you can face that, being fearless about your work is easy.
Mum and Dad split up when I was nine. We upped and moved from London to Sussex, and suddenly I went from an urban life to nothing in the countryside - with a new father and new life.
I think I was lucky I got into art college. That's what saved me.
I love showing my scar on my tummy - it is shaped like a question mark.
I was always interested in film, but I never knew how to go about becoming a filmmaker.
I feel like I became an artist by default. I went to art college, but my interest was always more towards film than painting or sculpture.
I'd love to make a thriller.
There are terrible things going on in the world, but I am not going to force them down everyone's throats.
I am not famous at all.
I only photograph myself at poignant moments in my life as a check of where I am and how large my thighs are.
It's difficult for me to work with women, because I find that direct references are made back to me too fast. Working with men, it gives it a little distance.
If you have the ideas, and you're a creative person, then you don't really differentiate in how your ideas manifest themselves.
I'm annoying to be around because I keep twitching.
A woman going out with a younger man feels like the last taboo.
I remember as a kid not ever wanting to have friends around to my house because it was, for want of a better description, disheveled.
I was determined to have a spotless house when I grew up.
In the old days, 'controversial' in a relationship meant same-sex or mixed races.
Despite great advances in women's rights, statistics show that when it comes to the balance of power between the sexes, equality is far from being a global reality.
Sometimes when you're looking at your own work, you can't really see, and it's only when you step back a little bit later that you think, 'Oh, that's completely in line with everything else I've done.'
I've made lots of big decisions in my life that have shocked people.
I took on cancer like I take on everything - like a mission and a job to accomplish.
In my life, I've never really listened to when people start forming opinions on how you should be doing things.
I feel like I've lost 10 years of my life to cancer.
It was so amazing to fall crazily in love and get married and have kids.
Snobbery just inhibits you.
I think the whole of people's psychology and where they are in life interests me, and the decisions you make that take you on particular journeys to different places.
The way I was grew up gave me a slight fearlessness and a sense of independence. There are things about it that have definitely informed me. And then, as a parent, it's done the opposite. It's made me feel much more protective. There are boundaries in my kids' lives that I don't think I had.
I always say, and I truly believe this, that my work is three steps ahead of me. I have an idea for something, and I tend to feel like it's leading me, and I'll follow the process through, and it's not until after I've seen it that I truly understand why I'm doing this.
I try to leave things as open ended as possible, not too overladen with meaning.
