English,Artist
I love life. I think it's fantastic. Sometimes it deals hard things, and when it deals great things, you have to seize them.
Never trust a hippie. That's definitely my motto.
I understand what it is to go through emotional trauma and retreat and go into the world of your imagination. I understand how art and music can be a place of safety in a world of reinvention.
I've turned into one of those people who go jogging in parks that I used to hate.
Having children is exciting. Life puts the past into perspective.
I seize all opportunities with two hands. Everything that's happened to me has taught me to live in the moment as much as possible.
Anonymity would be a fantastic umbrella. I don't like intrusion.
I think you only see experiences as defining moments with distance.
I have a massive phobia for schedules and calendars. I need people to tell me where I need to be. I can't bear to see it in black and white. I think it's a fear of being pinned down.
Seeing a new play in a first-time production is so exciting - when it's good, you want to shout from the rooftops.
I'm motivated every second by my work; it doesn't switch off. The pictures I make come from every blink of my lashes.
I've made lots of big decisions in my life that have shocked people.
In my life, I've never really listened to when people start forming opinions on how you should be doing things.
I took on cancer like I take on everything - like a mission and a job to accomplish.
I feel like I've lost 10 years of my life to cancer.
I often joke that I straddle psychosis and neurosis, and that being an artist keeps me in the middle, so I can work between the two.
My mum has lived in Australia for 22 years now, and we have a rocky relationship. But at the same time it's one I want to maintain. I need her to be my mum. The relationship took a lot of rebuilding.
Money scares me, and it always has done. I've got a childish concept of money, and I like to keep it that way in the sense that I don't like to think about it.
When you're no longer ill, and everyone's gotten over the fact that you've had cancer, that core of steel doesn't go away, and then I had to find other channels for it.
Relationships can go wrong very simply, very quickly, and when you have children you become more aware of relationships around you.
I find that I put my body in my work when I am at a particularly difficult or joyous point because I want to feel that moment.
I feel the art world in New York has a stronger following than Britain. If you go to a New York art district on a Saturday morning, it will be so busy with families and openings - art is much more ingrained in the culture.
I felt giving birth was the most creative act of all my creative acts - literally creation!
My childhood had its challenges, like everyone's. It imbued me with certain things and took away others. It made me very determined.
I wanted to become an artist because it meant endless possibilities. Art was a way of reinventing myself.
I never thought of having cancer as something that was unfair. I just braced myself and tried to get through it.
If someone looks genuinely interested and asks me a deeply personal question, I'll give the answer. I'm too open.
I went out of my way to try not to be an artist, because I thought I would end up leading a miserable, obscure life. I tried to escape it for as long as I could, until I had to admit at 25 that that was my path.
I like Alexander McQueen's work a lot: he's always pushing boundaries, and he's rough around the edges.
People in love don't see gender, colour or religion. Or age. It's about the other person, the one that you love and who loves you. You don't think of them in terms of a label. You just go with your heart.
I can be very self-destructive, but quietly.
Daniel Day-Lewis is one of the greatest actors of our age; he's like Olivier. He's one of those people who can take you into a place where no one else can take you.
I had two primary cancers, which was pretty unusual. And when I got the second one, people told me such terrible bad-news stories, they instigated fears that weren't there in the first place. I do remember with such gratitude one doctor saying to me, 'Two primaries? That's nothing. I've seen a patient with six.'
A lot of children remember seeing cartoons, 'Pinocchio' or 'Bambi' or something that breaks their heart. I remember seeing 'The Blue Angel' and it breaking my heart. It was the first time I realised there was an adult world - that adults could damage each other or destroy each other emotionally.
