English,Musician
When it comes to age, I just feel like puberty is, like, the most horrible time of anyone's life.
I don't understand why you have to wear a wedding ring to warn people off. You should be able to be faithful to that person without anything on your body to show that you are with someone.
I'll be excited when I get my heart broken properly for the first time. I'll be like, 'Thank God I've experienced something. Someone wanted to kiss me.' That's when it's going to be interesting: When you break up, they're taking a piece with them.
Hearing a whole entire room sing back to me, 'I guess it's true I'm not good at a one-night stand,' you know, I just can't explain the feeling. It's unreal. You feel like you've just read your diary to thousands of people and they've gone, 'It's okay. We still love you.'
I've had an amazing life, but I think I was born with a little bit of sadness in me. I've always been attracted to those things, whether it's sad movies, sad music... when you're sad, you feel everything in a greater way than you do when you're happy.
If we're going to go really deep, we're all trying to live forever. My music is my way of doing that.
My cross earrings are a mini statement; I wear them every day! My whole dream is to be iconic, and the way you dress yourself is so important.
It sounds depressing, but I think when you truly love someone, you'll never stop loving them.
I'm a vulnerable, sensitive person. I overthink everything.
When I find the right person, nothing else will matter, but I'm prepared to kiss a lot of frogs.
I'm a melancholy person. It's how I'm always going to be.
I personally think Beyonce's a strong feminist. What she's done in music and for women is unprecedented. I love her. She definitely makes me feel like more of a woman.
When I write sad songs, I feel like I'm sewing up a scar in me, and the outcome always feels so much better than when I write happy ones.
I've listened to female vocalists my whole life. That's what I love. I still listen to guys' vocals and don't get taken aback a lot.
'Stay With Me,' for me, is my own personal anthem to the 'walk of shame...' that we've all gone through. It's the feeling after a one-night stand of not wanting that person to leave, even if you don't love them and don't even like them. It's about having that body next to you.
It's my job to have ups and downs because it makes good music.
The idea of having a house, a kid, a husband, and a dog... I love that. I also really want to open a coffee and flower shop one day, probably in Italy.
Even now I doubt myself. I don't understand what people hear in my voice. I can't hear it myself, if you know what I mean.
I used to get very angry as I was getting older, because my voice was breaking. So I've trained my voice so religiously through my teenage years, because I wanted to be able to hit the notes that those females hit. And I can, which is great.
I don't want to think about what I'm doing in 20 years. All I want is I want to be happy, and I hope my family are healthy. And that's all, really.
I used to sing Chaka Khan tunes in the car with my mum when I was eight years old.
My favorite soundtrack is 'Avatar.' It's the best thing in the world. I love it.
As a youngster, when I started writing and stuff, I did actually write more from other people's perspectives. When I hit 18 and something happened to me that hurt me, I discovered that writing the truth is really therapeutic and amazing.
My mum and dad used to make me stand up at dinner parties and sing to their friends.
You love who you love, and I can't help that I like guys.
I get really self-conscious about people staring at me. It sounds so weird. As a performer, as an artist, these should be the things that I'm used to. But that's not the case. When people stare at me, I freak out.
Jazz scares me. I've witnessed so many incredible singers and jazz musicians. Pop and soul music have always been the things that I felt like I could do.
Talking about my deepest and darkest secrets to the world makes me feel better. It's cathartic.
There is a way to share an insight into your personal life without being classless, which is what I'm trying to do.
I'm really scared of flying. Like, really, really, really scared.
My main incentive now is to be so successful that I can get a private jet and sit with the pilot. I got upgraded to first class the other week, but even there I was still scared. I could be massaged for the whole flight and still think I'm going to die.
The U.K. is so important to me. It's everything - it's my home. I love America, but it's so important for me to be here and be an artist and be well known here.
I met Kim Kardashian the other week, and she knew who I was! I walked in the room, and she was like, 'I should text Kanye saying you're here; he showed me your music.' It's really hard to digest. Also, I don't think you should digest stuff like that.
I started off doing theater as a kid, and I always played a character. I hid behind the script and was told where to go. But to actually perform as yourself is very difficult. I didn't used to enjoy it, but now I do.
My music relies solely on the feeling. Just the feeling.
I want to make the music that's not there anymore. I'm so passionate about the singing voice... What I'm trying to do actually with my album is show that it's my voice that's leading. It's my voice that's the instrument.
I will sing happy songs, and I do sing happy songs, but the stuff that's going to move me and going to make me close my eyes is always the blues.
I'm more comfortable performing in front of 50,000 people than five people - it's easier. When there's that many people, I feel like I'm alone. When I perform in front of only a few people, it's scary.
Sound-wise, I'm really limitless in the way I write songs. Whatever comes out, comes out. Every song is completely different.
There's always been a hunger in me not necessarily to be successful, but to be an icon.
I don't go to celebrity parties a lot. I don't really enjoy them because I really like going for it in parties. And sometimes at celebrity parties, there is no dancing on tables because people... it can be a little judgmental at times. So I tend not to go unless it is Taylor Swift's birthday party; then it's amazing.
I'm not a really religious person, but those moments onstage feel like some sort of religious experience because no one holds back, especially 'Stay With Me' when I finish the show. It kind of turns into an anthem when I perform it live, and it feels like there's a lot of love in the room.
My debut album is just a diary from a lonely 21-year-old. That's what it is.
I don't think about whether it's gonna be a dance record or a ballad or anything when I'm making music. I sit in the studio and I think, 'How am I feeling today?' and I write how I feel. It's really, really simple.
People say, 'He doesn't want to be a spokesperson for the gay community.' I do, of course I do, but I want to be a spokesperson for everyone. Ya know, straight people, gay people, bisexual. I don't want it to be limited.
I don't have any problem with being the guy whose album people put on when they're feeling sad.
I'm a gay man who came out when I was 10 years old, and there's nothing in my life that I'm prouder of.
When someone calls you 'gay,' there's not much you can do about that because I am. Whereas, if someone calls you fat, there is something you can do about that.
I went to bed last night dreaming of tuna melts. I love food.
Don't get me wrong: I love a massive show with dancers and the works, and I love Zumba! But I just want there to be more people who just sing.
I find short, fast romances romantic. There's a beauty to dark imagery.
My plan is just to love harder than I've ever loved before, hide nothing, and embrace that I'm an imperfect human being. Oh, and sadness - sadness is everything.
I want to be a voice for that: just because I've lost weight doesn't mean that I'm happy and content with my body. Because of the media, and because of what I feel I should look like, it's always going to be a battle in my head.
My music is almost like vomit! It's a horrible way to put it, but I feel it, I say it, and I doubt myself all the time throughout my whole life, but when it comes to music, I just don't. I don't doubt myself.
When I write music, it's very strange: maybe it's normal, but I see things in songs in different colors.
I'm a huge Gaga fan. I have been since I was a kid. I actually camped out overnight to see Gaga when I was 17 years old in London.
When I was at school and wasn't having a great time or when music wasn't going very well, I would eat, eat. Eating would make me feel better; when I felt lonely, I would eat.
I'm yet to attack French cooking, you know, where it's intense, following recipes and stuff. I'm more of a 'make it up' kind of thing.
I'm addicted to making music, but I don't want to do it forever. I just want a farm. Farms make you happy.
I have a weird and undying love for George Michael. He's the reason why I want to do what I do.
I'm obsessed with Marcus Mumford. I've got to know him recently; he's amazing.
