English,Poet
Love is flower like; Friendship is like a sheltering tree.
Advice is like snow - the softer it falls, the longer it dwells upon, and the deeper it sinks into the mind.
The happiness of life is made up of minute fractions - the little, soon forgotten charities of a kiss or a smile, a kind look or heartfelt compliment.
Friendship is a sheltering tree.
Nothing is so contagious as enthusiasm.
Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom.
The principle of the Gothic architecture is infinity made imaginable.
The love of a mother is the veil of a softer light between the heart and the heavenly Father.
Works of imagination should be written in very plain language; the more purely imaginative they are the more necessary it is to be plain.
Talk of the devil, and his horns appear.
A man's as old as he's feeling. A woman as old as she looks.
No mind is thoroughly well organized that is deficient in a sense of humor.
He is the best physician who is the most ingenious inspirer of hope.
I have seen great intolerance shown in support of tolerance.
No man was ever yet a great poet, without being at the same time a profound philosopher.
If a man could pass through Paradise in a dream, and have a flower presented to him as a pledge that his soul had really been there, and if he found that flower in his hand when he awake - Aye, what then?
A poet ought not to pick nature's pocket. Let him borrow, and so borrow as to repay by the very act of borrowing. Examine nature accurately, but write from recollection, and trust more to the imagination than the memory.
Every reform, however necessary, will by weak minds be carried to an excess, that itself will need reforming.
Poetry: the best words in the best order.
Not one man in a thousand has the strength of mind or the goodness of heart to be an atheist.
To sentence a man of true genius, to the drudgery of a school is to put a racehorse on a treadmill.
All thoughts, all passions, all delights Whatever stirs this mortal frame All are but ministers of Love And feed His sacred flame.
And though thou notest from thy safe recess old friends burn dim, like lamps in noisome air love them for what they are; nor love them less, because to thee they are not what they were.
Good and bad men are less than they seem.
What is a epigram? A dwarfish whole. Its body brevity, and wit its soul.
Sympathy constitutes friendship; but in love there is a sort of antipathy, or opposing passion. Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole.
The man's desire is for the woman; but the woman's desire is rarely other than for the desire of the man.
Brute animals have the vowel sounds; man only can utter consonants.
Until you understand a writer's ignorance, presume yourself ignorant of his understanding.
The genius of the Spanish people is exquisitely subtle, without being at all acute; hence there is so much humour and so little wit in their literature.
The three great ends which a statesman ought to propose to himself in the government of a nation, are one, Security to possessors; two, facility to acquirers; and three, hope to all.
He who begins by loving Christianity more than Truth, will proceed by loving his sect or church better than Christianity, and end in loving himself better than all.
Poetry has been to me its own exceeding great reward; it has given me the habit of wishing to discover the good and beautiful in all that meets and surrounds me.
