English,Actress
To do a movie with someone like Tom Hanks that when you tell your dad, your dad knows who Tom Hanks is - it feels like you're finally giving back to your parents. It's like you've actually done something that they can recognize, and there's something in me that makes them super proud.
I go about doing my work passionately.
My early acting was ingenue stuff.
In England, entertainment by and for Indians is huge.
I live in New York, so I don't get that many Indian scripts.
I love Bollywood films, but I have been trained in independent cinema.
Theatre reminds me of Bollywood.
I believe in doing a nude scene only when I trust the director.
Left to myself, I would only play an Indian. But the reality was that there were hardly any Indian characters I could play in the films made in England and Hollywood. So I had to learn how to disappear into a variety of characters.
I have always loved doing accents. I have lived with my parents in a number of countries, including Italy and Jamaica.
Unless you enjoy life passionately, you cannot be a good artiste. Practise what you like, be it sports or dancing.
No matter how much I read the news, I feel slightly ignorant all the time.
I wanted to move between film and theater - I never felt like I fit into TV. And I'm very anti-TV, like, 'I'm never going to do TV,' but also, TV didn't want me either, so it was kind of perfect. And then, of course, cable happened, and suddenly it was like, 'Oh, I could do that kind of stuff.'
When you do TV, people will say to you right on the street how they're feeling, with no reservations.
When you have a good director, it's just wonderful.
I've always wanted to do an Indian film, but I didn't want to come to India and pretend that I could play an average Bombay girl.
After a two-year stint at Cheek by Jowl theatre company in London, I put all my energies into breaking into New York's theatre scene. It took me eight years to build enough to play lead roles.
A few years ago, I got cast as a white boy in an off-Broadway play. So not only was it colour-blind, it was gender-blind as well. That would never happen in film.
People are always asking me if the industry is changing, and my answer is always that it is changing only as much as we are. Many South Asian actors complain about being pigeonholed into playing terrorists and cab drivers, but it's time that we stop talking about it. The industry will always say 'No' till we have enough to convince them.
I know I create major reactions in people.
The conventional Indian movie industry is not for me: I cannot dance around trees or the water-fountain.
I am interested in independent cinema and theatre, and they don't make news.
See, all actors pretend. I enjoy that pretence. I don't wear heels in real life, but if it is for a character, I love to get into the traits of the person I am playing.
For 'For Real,' where I play a singer who has to give up her passion for her husband and family, I practised singing for hours, in bathroom, in subways, though I am tone deaf.
Having grown up in different countries - Jamaica, Italy, U.K. - I catch the accents quite easily. In the U.S., they don't know where I am from!
There is this film called 'La Femme Nikita.' I want to play something like that. This woman with a gun in her hand but with tears in her eyes. I would love to play that kind of vulnerability on screen.
My first time nude was with a woman director, so I thought it would be easy, but it wasn't.
It's like everyone says they love my body, but then I'm supposed to lose weight.
