English,Musician
I remember that Martin Hannett once had an idea of making a record and burying it in his garden so that one day someone would dig it up, like a time capsule.
I really don't like it when members of bands slag each other off in the press. If you've got a problem, you should sort it out without going public.
I always get excited over James Murphy's work and everything that comes out of DFA. I really like the way that Murphy and LCD Soundsystem mix electronic, dance and rock together.
Technology is always a double-edged sword.
Music used to be a more personal thing, and it defined who you were. Now it's like wallpaper.
You used to defend your musical values to the hilt, but now if something isn't working, you just hop to another band. My youngest daughter went from Justin Bieber to the Jonas Brothers to Joy Division in the space of a few months!
If you looked at the sound pattern of an old-fashioned record, it would be very spikey. But nowadays, there's no spikes - everything looks like a brick, so the quiet bits become louder. It's actually damaging because it's like listening to a drill.
I'm surprised how many people are into vinyl.
In the Seventies, album artwork became really beautiful items. The whole process of doing an album sleeve, it became a very artistic thing.
A career is forward planning.
Never stand in the middle of two people having a fight, because you'll always come off worse.
Nobody sells records any more, and the only way you can actually do anything is to go out and play live.
Nowadays, who actually listens to the tracks on an album, anyway?
There's no future for New Order.
It is true that the record company are always thinking of new ways to flog New Order to people.
When you get in a band, you never consider the day it'll all just stop.
People cross the road to give me their autographs.
You grew up with America on the TV, and you think you know a place before you get there, and you have this idea of it in your head.
There's nothing wrong with wanting to be in a disco band.
