English,Actress
I think with modelling and acting these days, the lines are blurred. Everyone can do all sorts of things, so why do just one?
I believe we are most beautiful when we are constantly shedding our old selves and moving into new light.
It's definitely team work with my fashion career. The trick is to surround yourself with the best people, those whose opinions you really trust and value.
I'll come down the stairs, and my parents and sister will be like, 'What are you wearing?'
I'm active, but I just don't like being hungry or feeling like I've deprived myself. I want to enjoy life.
The first coat I ever bought is in a plastic bag in about five pieces. It's by Sonia Rykiel. I can't wear it anymore, but I still like it.
I'm the laziest person - that's my normal self. When I'm hanging around my house, I literally look like a tramp. I love being comfortable and having no make-up on.
Never be afraid of failure. And don't stop yourself from doing something you want to do because of what others might think. Only you know yourself best.
I've got nothing against plastic surgery at all. I know lots of people, young and old, who've had it. The point about good surgery is you can't see it. The important thing is not to go crazy - and not to go to a bad surgeon.
I rinse my hair with Coca-Cola sometimes. I don't like my hair when it's washed - it's fine and limp - but Coca-Cola makes it tousled, like I've gone through the Amazon or something.
I just want to work hard, do stuff of the best possible quality and be a great friend.
Life is nothing but a bunch of experiences. There's no such thing as success or failure.
I have a playlist for every mood.
I will do crazy skincare things in the kitchen... I love coconut oil, so if I come home at night feeling all dry and like a fossil, I'll put my hand in a jar of coconut oil and just mush it over my face.
I don't talk about my boyfriend because it's boring.
Photographing friends means that there's a spontaneity to the images. I have a lot of love for my friends and family, and I love taking cool pictures of them.
I have a great agency! It's definitely team work with my fashion career. The trick is to surround yourself with the best people, those whose opinions you really trust and value.
I've been banned from cutting my own fringe.
I was such a tomboy when I was young. I hated girls' clothes.
I'm bigger than the typical model, and I'm shorter, too. I really can't say why it's all worked for me.
I'm quite strong for a girl. I studied karate growing up - I'm a brown belt - and me and my sister used to beat the crap out of each other.
I live my life in a sea of clothes. And it's fantastic to be able to use them and play with them.
I've always been called 'Suki,' but my actual first name is Alice.
On 'True Blood,' the character's name is Sookie Stackhouse, and my name is Suki Waterhouse. So, I get people saying, 'Oh, I thought we were meeting the girl from True Blood.'
When I was around 16 or 17, I got asked to model, but because I was very 'tomboy' at the time, I wasn't interested. But then I had a bit of teenage rebellion, and I saw modeling as an opportunity to get away from school and parents, so I thought, 'OK, maybe I will be a model.'
I'll sleep in my clothes sometimes. I sleep in my clothes all the time, actually - in my coat. I just hate getting changed for bed; I like the idea of falling asleep in a natural way.
I am very excited about the launch of my new collection with Superga UK. I really enjoyed creating for the brand and adding a piece of myself into the designs. I hope that everyone loves them as much as I enjoyed making them.
Me and my sisters were so awful. One nanny, we loved, but we hacked her email and sent her boyfriend lots of weird messages, and we once actually locked her in the toilet, too.
I was looking at this picture of Brooke Shields at Studio 54 the other day. Everyone in the shot looks amazing because they have these black and white cameras with a flash. I think that's what photographers should go back to.
My parents are both English. My dad is a plastic surgeon - his name's Norman Waterhouse, but we call him Normy. And my mom's a nurse, which is how they met - in a hospital, over decaying bone.
If I do want to wear a little bit of makeup, I really like a pink lip. There's one called Lip Mist in Pink Heather from Burberry that I love.
Sometimes I love looking super groomed, and sometimes I like to look super weird.
Some people can go out in a tight, short dress and heels, and it works, but even if I'm going to a club, I've got to throw on a big hoodie or something. And that's if you can get me into something tight in the first place.
I can see how a person could get addicted to the adrenaline of moviemaking.
With fashion, you go deep into a shoot for one day, but a movie lasts so much longer. It's literally like going to summer camp.
My life is just my life. When you're living it, it's just normal.
I know there are millions of people out there having just as good a time as I am.
The Met Ball is great, but isn't the best thing to just have a super fun night out with your friends?
I remember making my own fragrances when I was young.
I think eyebrow gel is genius.
I've always been blonde.
I take my camera to shoots and ask all the photographers and assistants to show me what to do with it.
A certain point came when I wanted to document growing-up adventures.
I've been wearing Supergas forever. I'm always in flats, running around, so it makes sense for me.
When I first started buying shoes with my own money, I would always get them from eBay. I used to hack my mum's account, and suddenly these white cowboy leather boots would arrive.
I bought Doc Martens when I was 13, and I wore them pretty much every day until I was 20. They stank, and my dad wouldn't even let them in the house, but I was completely in love with them.
When I started modeling, I was young and sort of a bit reckless - I wanted to make money and didn't really care about anything else.
Being acknowledged by 'Vogue' and invited to do 'Today I'm Wearing' was a really great moment for me, and the photo diary of my outfits was a really fun thing to do.
I have a crush on Freja Beha.
I'm the eldest of four - I love my family so much. I'm crazy about them.
As soon as I get into my house, I put on sweats and pyjamas.
I do try to wash my face before I go to bed now, which I never really used to do. Sometimes, if it's really dire, I won't, but most times I get around to it, even if it's just with water.
My hair is like flat baby hair after I wash it, so it needs something in it to get that 'day after' texture.
One thing people would be surprised to know about me: I have a mean roundhouse kick. And my guilty pleasure? Deep fried pig ears!
You can have some stable things in life, and so long as you're not away from those things for too long, they can help keep you grounded.
