English,Clergyman
A great deal of talent is lost to the world for want of a little courage. Every day sends to their graves obscure men whose timidity prevented them from making a first effort.
Marriage resembles a pair of shears, so joined that they cannot be separated; often moving in opposite directions, yet always punishing anyone who comes between them.
A comfortable house is a great source of happiness. It ranks immediately after health and a good conscience.
What you don't know would make a great book.
Poverty is no disgrace to a man, but it is confoundedly inconvenient.
The thing about performance, even if it's only an illusion, is that it is a celebration of the fact that we do contain within ourselves infinite possibilities.
Have the courage to be ignorant of a great number of things, in order to avoid the calamity of being ignorant of everything.
Among the smaller duties of life I hardly know any one more important than that of not praising where praise is not due.
What a pity it is that we have no amusements in England but vice and religion!
Whatever you are by nature, keep to it; never desert your line of talent. Be what nature intended you for, and you will succeed.
As the French say, there are three sexes - men, women, and clergymen.
Madam, I have been looking for a person who disliked gravy all my life; let us swear eternal friendship.
It resembles a pair of shears, so joined that they cannot be separated, often moving in opposite directions, yet always punishing anyone who comes between them.
Never give way to melancholy; resist it steadily, for the habit will encroach.
I look upon Switzerland as an inferior sort of Scotland.
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little - do what you can.
Heaven never helps the men who will not act.
Never talk for half a minute without pausing and giving others a chance to join in.
No man can ever end with being superior who will not begin with being inferior.
To do anything in this world worth doing, we must not stand back shivering and thinking of the cold and danger, but jump in, and scramble through as well as we can.
In composing, as a general rule, run your pen through every other word you have written; you have no idea what vigor it will give your style.
Great men hallow a whole people, and lift up all who live in their time.
To business that we love we rise bedtime, and go to't with delight.
I never read a book before previewing it; it prejudices a man so.
It is safest to be moderately base - to be flexible in shame, and to be always ready for what is generous, good, and just, when anything is to be gained by virtue.
Correspondences are like small clothes before the invention of suspenders; it is impossible to keep them up.
