English,Actress
I was a real daydreamer at school, gazing out of the window and losing myself in imaginary worlds.
I don't drink tea or coffee. I'm like a child: I like fruit juices and sodas and creamy hot chocolate.
As a child, I loved story books and wanted to be in them so desperately and live the stories.
My parents used to call me 'The Little Frog,' because whenever they asked how I knew something, I'd say 'read it,' which sounds a bit like a frog croak.
I have a checklist of things I'd like to do in movies. One of them is get possessed. Die on a deathbed with a ghostly pallor - that's on my list.
I have an existential crisis every time I walk into a bookshop, knowing that I'm not going to read all the books before I die.
Dark matter is interesting. Basically, the universe is heavier than it should be. There's whole swathes of stuff we can't account for.
I went to quite an academic school, and all my friends were going to university, but even before my acting jobs, I didn't want to do that. I didn't want to spend another three years being institutionalised, and I feel that getting out of that system benefited me in quite a few ways.
'St. Trinian's' is probably taking it to the extreme, but in essence it's saying, 'If you be yourself, you can do whatever you want,' and it's sort of a fun message.
Acting is an odd lifestyle. You make deep bonds quickly and, though you move on, you go around on a loop and see people again.
My wide eyes make me look much younger without make-up, and although it's fun to have a line in innocence corrupted, I doubt I'll get to play the vampy vixen or a Hedda Gabler or Lady Macbeth.
I'm not some sort of tormented soul looking for an identity in the roles I take. I became an actress because I just love dressing up and playing.
I got into physics through pop science and quantum science and ended up being such a quantum groupie.
The things I wanted to do from a very early age - ie. get married and have children - precluded a lot of guys my own age from wanting to have anything to do with me.
Along with issues like global warming, I think a problem with the world today is population decline.
There's a real power in heels and a good dress.
Men are visual creatures.
I would literally do anything for Richard Curtis. Anything.
I think I was a pretty normal student; I just followed most of my friends.
Initially, I studied philosophy, because it claimed to give you answers to the meaning of existence, but it didn't: It was basically a semantics game.
I have an obsession with mortality. I saw a friend die when I was 18, and I can't get over it.
Yoga is the one L.A. thing I actually like.
I used to ride horses when I was younger. Ponies were my life. I miss being fearless.
I'm terrified I'm about to die, or that all the people I love are about to die, every second of every day.
Marriage is a social construct, but I still believe in it.
I didn't intend to be an actress. It was one of many things I was interested in, and it just took off. I was an actress between the ages of 18 and 22, and it was a wonderful, fun thing to do, but it wasn't what I intended long term. I parked acting a long time ago.
