English,Actress
I am interested in shows that are not out-and-out gag fests: you see the truth of a broken heart behind them. That is what life is like: it's really funny, you see funny things as soon as you step out of the room, but underneath that is a whole bag of broken hearts. It's that real pain and that real hilarity that makes life so intriguing.
I did a drama degree, went to secretarial college, then got a job with a theatre company in Birmingham. It's been a slow burn, which doesn't seem to have gone out.
Laughing and crying are very similar. They're an extreme response to life. You see it in children who start laughing hysterically.
When I was 17, a neighbour I knew well died of cancer, and I became au pair to her three little girls. In circumstances like that, when you can't really help, I think it's a human response to do something beyond oneself. So I did a sponsored parachute jump for Cancer Research. It was exciting and ridiculous.
I think comedy is the perfect vehicle for that which is slightly beyond life.
I think if you're trying to be funny, sometimes you're bending a piece of metal in a direction it doesn't want to go. And sometimes comedy just needs to find itself.
Radio listeners often have a very fertile imagination when it comes to body shape.
I don't ever want to do stuff just for the sake of it.
I'm an actor, and I'm supposed to reflect real people.
I'm quite an odd little part of the Venn diagram. I'm not a movie star and beautiful in that way. I do an odd thing that's funny and sad, and my face and my old body can take that.
I cannot step into any day without help. I have a fantastically engaged husband who is very present for his children and our family life. We've got a brilliant nanny, other help from parents-in-law, godparents, friends. Also, I've had incredible women around me in the business.
I know women at work who don't talk about having a baby because they don't want to upset the apple cart, but unless people know what the problems are, why should they engage with it?
I always said there's no way I'd work in America because I'm too weird and I'm too old, but somehow it's happened.
Families are families. We've all got them, more or less, and we all know what it's like to be bullied by another generation.
You step over the threshold of your parents' home, and you're instantly transported back to your childhood. It's like time travel. You revert at once to a place of arrested development.
Families always stay the same, but they always provide more stories.
I try not to look any further ahead than the next cup of tea. You never know if that cuppa will come or not, do you?
A lot of middle-aged women are children still trying to find their way.
I feel like a 16-year-old trapped inside a dead woman's body.
Dad was a retired chemist who, in his 60s, fathered and fed me and my two sisters while Mum worked as a secretary. He made us curries, Chinese meals and strange concoctions. He was often unsuccessful.
In theatre, there's no time for a proper meal.
I'll read a recipe but then decide, 'Well, it's sort of like this, then.' Or I'll go to the fridge and think, 'I'll see what I can put together,' and I'll combine beetroot and sausage and prawns with goat's cheese sprinkled on top and think, 'I like that they're all slightly pink. It looks fine and... actually, it is fine.'
I've long thought that for my last meal on earth I will be perfectly happy with a granary loaf toastie with melted crunchy peanut butter and banana.
Carelessness makes me cross. And unkindness.
I think comedy stems from being honest, often painfully so. I hope I can achieve that perspective in my own life and also have fun.
Kids have a great sense of humour. If you don't, you're going to miss out.
