English,Writer
The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us.
He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from oppression; for if he violates this duty, he establishes a precedent that will reach to himself.
Those who want to reap the benefits of this great nation must bear the fatigue of supporting it.
The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion.
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil; in its worst state, an intolerable one.
A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right.
He that rebels against reason is a real rebel, but he that in defence of reason rebels against tyranny has a better title to Defender of the Faith, than George the Third.
An army of principles can penetrate where an army of soldiers cannot.
When men yield up the privilege of thinking, the last shadow of liberty quits the horizon.
If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace.
We have it in our power to begin the world over again.
A thing moderately good is not so good as it ought to be. Moderation in temper is always a virtue; but moderation in principle is always a vice.
I believe in the equality of man; and I believe that religious duties consist in doing justice, loving mercy, and endeavoring to make our fellow-creatures happy.
There are two distinct classes of what are called thoughts: those that we produce in ourselves by reflection and the act of thinking and those that bolt into the mind of their own accord.
I prefer peace. But if trouble must come, let it come in my time, so that my children can live in peace.
It is error only, and not truth, that shrinks from inquiry.
These are the times that try men's souls.
Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it.
All national institutions of churches, whether Jewish, Christian or Turkish, appear to me no other than human inventions, set up to terrify and enslave mankind, and monopolize power and profit.
What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly; it is dearness only that gives everything its value.
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
That God cannot lie, is no advantage to your argument, because it is no proof that priests can not, or that the Bible does not.
To say that any people are not fit for freedom, is to make poverty their choice, and to say they had rather be loaded with taxes than not.
The instant formal government is abolished, society begins to act. A general association takes place, and common interest produces common security.
Time makes more converts than reason.
It is not a God, just and good, but a devil, under the name of God, that the Bible describes.
Of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst.
Is it not a species of blasphemy to call the New Testament revealed religion, when we see in it such contradictions and absurdities.
The abilities of man must fall short on one side or the other, like too scanty a blanket when you are abed. If you pull it upon your shoulders, your feet are left bare; if you thrust it down to your feet, your shoulders are uncovered.
Persecution is not an original feature in any religion; but it is always the strongly marked feature of all religions established by law.
He who is the author of a war lets loose the whole contagion of hell and opens a vein that bleeds a nation to death.
Human nature is not of itself vicious.
But such is the irresistable nature of truth, that all it asks, and all it wants is the liberty of appearing.
We can only reason from what is; we can reason on actualities, but not on possibilities.
Any system of religion that has anything in it that shocks the mind of a child, cannot be true.
Every religion is good that teaches man to be good; and I know of none that instructs him to be bad.
