English,Entertainer
Psychiatrists always say, Oh, we're very professional. I use exercise as my medication.
Daddy loves you, but he smacks you, and he can shout at you and smash things, but Daddy still loves you. So when you get into a relationship with someone who does all of that, why would it be unusual?
Because my father was a psychiatric nurse, I know my way around the system.
I am a smiling depressive.
I am an addictive personality.
I can be horrifically single-minded.
I don't do game shows.
I find myself thinking: Oh God, now what? I always have to have a new plan, otherwise I get very, very bored.
I had this stereotypical view that black people apart from me probably threw stones and lived in huts.
I know I can get to the stage where I'm drinking a lot. I tend to be rotten and groggy all day and hanging out for the next drink and five o'clock, ping! I have to just stop.
I speak to people who have been through so much more.
I suggest that instead of criticising us, the establishment has a bloody good look at itself.
I suppose in London they all drink from the same watering holes.
I work very hard to keep on an even keel as far as alcohol is concerned.
I'll get into a pattern where I start sleeping only between 12 and 3.30, and go for weeks like that.
I'll get up in the morning while they've all got hangovers and run my 5 miles. But the women who do run are usually 10 years younger than me and they're really obsessed about running. That's all they do. They're really boring.
I've had a lot of cognitive behavioural therapy, and am having a family now.
If you are in the job for glamour, you're in for the shock of your life. The media is a huge shark pool.
If you go to most third world countries, the older woman dispenses advice to the arguing couple while other members of the family, or even the village, sit around and listen. It is no big deal.
It is ridiculous that somebody picks up the phone and calls somebody they see on television. Why don't they call somebody in their area? Don't they know about that?
It was only literally hours after the wedding when he felt he didn't have to keep up the facade.
Most of my peers in television seem to be from a different planet. I don't hang out with any of them.
Somebody like me wouldn't have gone on to the Trisha show because I already had a public profile.
There is a learning quality in all of our shows.
We see the people that have got stars in their eyes, but if you've really got what it takes, you can get from, say the beginnings, to the top in about five years.
Why don't you compare me to Sally Jessy Raphael?
