English,Model
There's no need to dress like everyone else. It's much more fun to create your own look.
Fashion should be stylish and fun.
From as far back as I can remember, I was always insecure about my looks, whether it was my flat chest, my skinny legs, or how to cope with my body as it changed. With hindsight, I can see I was different. I was given a body that worked for photographic modelling and a photogenic face.
I've always loved life, and I've never known what's ahead. I love not knowing what might be round the corner. I love serendipity.
Knitwear can play a vital part in layering. The simplicity of a lightweight cardigan makes it one of the best ways to layer outfits. I love granddad cardis for winter, worn over a vintage lace shirt, waistcoat and full skirt with slouchy boots.
If you've got the body and the chutzpah, a pencil skirt is so sexy on older women. Look for ones that fall just below the knee. Think 1940s, cinched-in jackets - imagine you are Lauren Bacall on a date with Humphrey Bogart and you just absolutely have to wear very high heels.
Jamie Oliver's books are the best. I love Jamie. Bless him!
The 40s onwards are when we can really begin to enjoy ourselves. For many women, this is when everything comes together, and they look better than ever. The great thing about getting older is you don't have to do/wear/say anything you don't want to. It wasn't until my very late 30s that I stopped worrying about what other people thought.
Being young isn't about age, it's about being a free spirit. You can meet someone of 20 who's boring and old, or you can meet someone of 70 who's youthful and exciting. I met Fred Astaire when he was 72 and I was 21, and I fell in love with him. He certainly was a free spirit.
I was a very, very shy, insecure teenager.
I don't understand people getting depressed about getting older. There is nothing you can do about it, so you might as well embrace it.
For special occasions, I love pretty dresses - but nothing too frou-frou!
I like to get on with people. I don't go around being nasty, but if someone crosses me, I can be horrible back.
Ageing doesn't mean giving up on style and individuality; it doesn't mean abandoning fashion and living in comfy slippers and flannel knickers.
My weakness is chocolate - especially butterscotch and nut varieties.
I used to do my own make-up. I used to have this doll that had those big eyelashes on the top and bottom, and I think I copied her when I was doing my eyes, putting false eyelashes on the bottom as well as the top. So I came up with that look myself.
We all have bits that we don't like, but you don't have to be a size 10 to look wonderful.
What you wear for work should be comfortable and empowering. If you're working in business, your outfit should mean business. If I go to meet somebody about an acting job, or something creative, then I'll be in my jeans. For me, overdressing is my biggest fear.
I love exercise, but I find it boring doing the same thing all the time, so I fluctuate between going to the gym, doing Pilates, and taking dance lessons.
Sleep is one of the great pleasures of life. Designing my bed linen line seemed like a natural progression for me. Everyone loves getting into a bed made up with beautiful linen. I love sewing, I love fabrics, and I love sleeping.
The trick is to find the style that is right for you. When it comes to trying new clothes, my advice is not to take it too seriously - it's all about having fun.
I was very skinny, but that was just my natural build. I always ate sensibly - being thin was in my genes.
For me, getting older doesn't mean throwing away a favourite-coloured lipstick or a fabulous pair of boots; instead, it's about harnessing all the great things I have learnt over the years about what does and doesn't suit me, and enjoying the way in which cleverly selected outfits can enhance the nice bits.
I am very sad that some designers are still using real fur when the fake alternatives are so effective and so easily obtainable.
It is no longer acceptable to ignore the suffering, and designers must take responsibility for the way that their fur is produced.
My elder sister used to get the fashion magazines, and I would go through them and find things I liked and buy fabric and copy them. But I hated what I looked like. I mean, I was sooo skinny.
I've had albums out since the 1970s. I was in a musical, 'The Boy Friend,' directed by Ken Russell, and I was on Broadway in 'My One And Only' with Tommy Tune, so I've always been a singer, but I suppose people think of my modelling more.
I love Kate Moss. I've worked with her a couple of times, and she is a great girl, really funny and easy to work with.
I think I had a fur coat that someone bought me from Portobello Market back in the 1960s, but I think as soon as you think about it, what it is you're wearing, make that connection, then you realise it's just not right. I don't lecture people about it, but it's not something I'd ever wear.
I think everyone should sing - it's so good for you, as it makes you breathe deeply, and it's good for you emotionally, too. It's a brilliant release way of lifting the spirits.
I have an iPod, but I do still love CDs. There's something nice and tangible about a CD. I'm a mixture of old and new - I love my sewing machine, but I've also embraced new technology. The iPad is what did it for me - it's extraordinary.
My golden rules for looking good are to moisturise to ridiculousness with a really rich moisturiser. And I always take my make-up off before going to bed.
I don't like talking about which bits I like or don't like about my body. Everybody has something they're not happy with, and my only advice would be, 'Do something about it - exercise or eat less, but don't do nothing!' Find ways to enhance the good bits and camouflage the bad bits.
My one big rule for the over-40s is don't try to dress like an 18-year-old. It's possible to be 'on-trend' when you're older - you just have to look for the right stuff. You don't have to spend a fortune, either.
M&S clothes just get better and better, year after year. I'm always begging for stuff from every shoot we do.
I eat healthily because that's the way I prefer to eat, and I'm sure it helps keep the weight off.
As every teenage girl, I was absolutely obsessed with The Beatles, and the first record I bought was 'Please Please Me.' I'd have been 13 at the time.
