English,Musician
I love fashion, and I love changing my style, my hair, my makeup, and everything I've done in the past has made me what I am now. Not everyone is going to like what I do, but I look back at everything, and it makes me smile.
My glasses say a lot about me because I think me in a pair of sunglasses is an image that a lot of people would recognise.
I think the sexiest thing about a woman is confidence, but confidence in a humble way, not in an arrogant way. Sense of humor is definitely important. And sunglasses always hide a multitude of sins. Sunglasses and a great pair of heels can turn most outfits around.
There's nothing wrong with constructive criticism, and I learn from that and better myself. I'm not expecting anyone to be sycophantic in any way; I never expected that.
I actually used to smile a lot in pictures. I think I only stopped smiling when I got into fashion. Fashion stole my smile!
It's great when women support women. We need more women out there supporting women.
I want a big house with a moat and dragons and a fort to keep people out.
I've got great people who handle my schedule, and everything does revolve around the children. If there's a parents' night or an Easter bonnet parade or a Nativity play, whatever it might be, then I plan everything around that.
The first dress that I wore in the Spice Girls, which everybody thought was a little black Gucci dress, was actually from Miss Selfridge - it wasn't a little black Gucci dress.
I want my kids to have a good work ethic. I believe you can achieve anything if you work hard enough to get it.
Strong women, that's who I really respect.
There are rumors that we want to move back to the U.K., but we're so happy in America I actually can't see us ever leaving... People ask me how long it took to adapt. Twenty minutes.
When I started out in fashion, everything had to be very structured and tight and controlling, and now I'm getting to a point where I think - I could wear a great big parka, that could be quite fabulous. I haven't always got to show off my size, show off my shape. It's a turning point for me.
I'm not a supermodel. I make the best of what I've got.
I'm a very, very healthy eater. I eat lots of fish, lots of vegetables, lots of fruit. I don't eat junk food.
I don't like laziness or cutting corners.
We are like a traveling circus, our family! We sing, we dance, we do football, we do fashion.
I'm very realistic. I know my boundaries - I know what I'm good at and what I'm not good at.
I was never a natural. I got there in the end because I did believe that if you work hard enough, then you can achieve a lot.
The Euro-bureaucrats are destroying every bit of national identity and individuality.
If you haven't got it. Fake it! Too short? Wear big high heels, but do practice walking!
I'm very proud to be British, and my brand is British.
My first-ever car, my parents bought me a red Fiat Uno. I was 17 and just so happy to have a car, so I was very fortunate that my parents were in a position to get me one - it was a secondhand car, but I was just so happy to have it.
I've got a lot that I want to do, so I would like to expand my empire, for sure. I love it.
Sometimes you've got to know when it's time to leave the party.
You have to remember that when you are a performer you become a celebrity, but you are not saving lives. It's not that important.
I've been that celebrity on the red carpet, and I appreciate that something hasn't got to just look good from the front, from the back, it's got to look good at all angles.
I wake up every morning and I feel like I'm juggling glass balls. I live in Los Angeles, my business is run out of London, and most evenings I'm cuddled up in front of Skype, in my dressing gown, speaking with my studio in London. I travel a lot, my team travel a lot, but I wouldn't have it any other way.
I am a control freak. I am very hands on and pay attention to details.
We are still so close, David and I. We were at a party the other day at my mum's house and I was sitting on his lap. We're very affectionate. And I looked at him and thought after being married for 11 years! We were the only couple who were even near each other at that party. We're soul mates.
My dresses are for women of all different shapes and sizes. Actually, the one I tried on yesterday was the one Jennifer wore. And who'd have thought I'd be the same size as Jennifer Lopez!
In England, David and I are big fish in a small pond. But in L.A., we are tiny, tiny, tiny fish in a big pond.
People I respect complimenting me on my work in fashion is more exciting to me than anything I ever achieved as a Spice Girl.
I was never going to give Mariah Carey any competition.
I tell you, the paparazzi would not be sitting outside if they realized I was the most boring person in Hollywood.
I become quite obsessive when I get into something.
People always think I'm taller than I am - not just because of the shoes I wear but because of the way I dress. It's all relatively streamlined.
My aim is to create the perfect dress!
I very, very rarely get the opportunity to go shopping and actually feel the clothes and try things on. I love shopping, but I do it mostly through Net-a-Porter.
My children are my priority and always have been.
I think as I have got older, I have got a bit more relaxed, although you might not think that if you heard me screaming at my kids.
I don't believe anyone who says they don't care what people say about them. Of course they bloody well do.
I believe in creative visualization.
I was an okay singer. I was an okay dancer. But acting? Never could do it.
When I dress in a certain way and do my hair and makeup in a certain way, it's not to get attention.
You know, I love America. It's such a positive country.
I'm living in Beverly Hills. I'm very, very lucky. I wake up every morning and I recognize that I'm blessed.
I'm not one of these people that needs to feel loved. I don't need to see my picture everywhere.
You've got to trust people. And because I am a control freak, sometimes that's difficult for me, because I want to micro-manage absolutely everything. I can't hand over. But I'm trying to do that more.
I never try to follow a trend or fashion.
I love what I do professionally, I'm really blessed. But my priority is my husband and my children.
If you have a surreal life like I do, you've got to have fun along the way.
I appreciate that young girls look up to me. And I take that very seriously.
I love America. It's such a positive country.
I'm very lucky to have a job that I love.
I love fashion - I really feel it's where I belong.
First and foremost, I feel very lucky to have the family I have, so I would like my family to stay happy and healthy.
I am very career minded, and I think my personality is more suited to America. I am a working mother.
I don't have any issues with my age.
I want to reach as many women throughout the world as I can.
I've been to parties in L.A. that are mind-blowing. I mean, quite literally mind-blowing. People get cellphones in the party bag, that sort of thing. Fabulous, fabulous parties.
When you're in a position to be paparazzi-ed just walking down the street, you'd look a little daft if you were smiling all the time.
I like to think of my customer and make sure that season after season she is getting what she wants. Ultimately, I suppose I have an image of myself. That is the person I am designing for - a woman who loves and appreciates fashion and luxury, and somebody who wants to feel empowered with the best version of themselves.
People are mean on social media, whoever you are. It's a shame people have to be that way.
After dinner I'll catch up with emails. And when I'm lying in bed, I think about the next collection. That makes me sound insane, doesn't it? That I'm getting into bed with David Beckham and thinking about clothes?
I'm lucky that I do something I love, and I am proud, as I think it's a positive message to give to young women: if you want to have a career and be married with children, then you can. It's full-on, but it's doable.
I think I've achieved a lot in 41 years. I like how 41 feels; I feel good. I don't like how it sounds too much.
Sometimes I really wish that I could sit back and enjoy it, live in the moment more. But I am terrified, and I want to better myself, not that I want to prove anything to anyone other than myself. I am ambitious, and there are many things I want to do. It doesn't get any easier.
Even if I wouldn't wear something myself, I think I know how women feel, how women want to look. I can really relate to women, I get on very well with women... Some women don't. I want to empower women, make women feel the best version of themselves.
I've only ever tried to be me.
Clothes have to be simple and comfortable.
I'm always in flats. Jeans, jumper, flat shoes or a pair of trainers. It would probably surprise people, but I have to be comfortable. It's not about me dressing up and looking good. I've got to get stuff done.
I have no time for it at all, when women just don't like women. I don't get it.
I don't have to work; I need to work.
I believe you can achieve anything if you work hard enough to get it.
I love women's bodies. I love luxury.
Everything that I design I would wear myself.
Bottom line: I can relax in L.A. I think I'm the only person in that town who doesn't want to act. I was an OK singer. I was an OK dancer. But acting? Never could do it.
I'm definitely a glass-is-always-half-full, not half-empty, kind of person. Which is why I love living in America.
For me, doing a show is great, but I want women to be able to wear the clothes easily as well.
People I respect complimenting me on my work in fashion is more exciting to me than anything I ever achieved as a Spice Girl. I am now competing in an arena where I can hold my head high. I feel quite confident in what I'm doing now, much more than the singing. I was never going to give Mariah Carey any competition.
If I'm going to do something, I'm going to do it 110%, or there's no point in doing it at all, especially if the work takes me away from time with my husband and children.
I've been in the public eye now for about 15 or 16 years, and I'm very aware that fame is not a given. I have to maintain it. It's not just something that will always be there. But I've always been a worker. I've never expected be given anything.
Contrary to rumor, sometimes I can be quite a laugh.
It's not healthy to be jealous.
I find it odd that people will go to a nice restaurant or to the theater in jeans and T-shirts.
The kind of person who's going to stand on the red carpet and love the attention and have the big grin - I'm just not like that. I want to get in there, do what I've got to do, and get home to my kids.
I have always been a great believer that women should support women, and my admiration goes out to mothers everywhere, as they constantly put their own needs behind those of their children, embracing daily uncertainties and entering the new uncharted territories that each day brings, to be, in return, rewarded with joy and unending love.
Even if you're not being chased by paparazzi, there will be someone doing selfies, so everybody has to be camera-ready all the time. Whoever you are, everybody has to be ready now!
I see a dermatologist in L.A. called Dr. Harold Lancer, who is incredible. I've known him for years - he sorted my skin out.
There are two types of women out there: there's the kind of woman who finds something nice and likes to keep it to herself, and then there's the other type, which is me, who wants to share.
I have no time for women who don't support other women. It's the ultimate compliment when a woman tells you that you look good.
I like to make the best of what I have. I'm not a supermodel, clearly. I'm not a makeup artist. I'm a real woman.
Myself and David, we both love art. We have a lot of respect for Damien Hirst and Julian Schnabel, and we've met them both, and they're very interesting characters. I also have a lot of respect for the working women out there. As you know, it's not easy when you're looking after children and you have a career as well.
Antonio Berardi is one of my good friends.
I like to consider myself a relatively spiritual person, and I just do my thing. I'm very focused on what I do professionally, and I'm very focused on my family, and I don't really get too stressed out about what people say or what other people think.
Was music my talent really? No, I don't think I was particularly talented.
The whole European Federal plan is ridiculous. We are patriotic. The single currency is an outrage. We want the Queen's head - or the King's head, if we have a king - on our own coins.
I just can't do heels any more. At least not when I'm working. I travel a lot.
I do like to make things difficult for myself and my team, just from taking on a challenge, if you like.
Sexy is about the way you wear something and being confident - the clothes are sexy and flattering. I've said right from the beginning, it's very important clothes are flattering. I want a woman to look and feel like the best version of herself.
It's always so difficult when you've left your kids to go to work every day - you want people to like it. I just agonise over it, but I'm obsessive because I love what I do.
I really am into crystals. I'm a real positive thinker. I believe in creative visualisation.
The glass is always half full: I have no time for anything negative - and actually, I've bought crystals for all my team, so they all carry crystals as well.
I looooove Miss Piggy.
Fashion will take on added stature one day, but try not to be stifled by it. You will learn, as you mature, to swap heels for Stan Smith trainers, minidresses for crisp white shirts. And you will never be one of those people who just roll out of bed.
