English,Actress
When I come into the theatre I get a sense of security. I love an audience. I love people, and I act because I like trying to give pleasure to people.
Life is too short to work so hard.
Dear Lord, I'm so grateful I'm still loved.
Shaw is like a train. One just speaks the words and sits in one's place. But Shakespeare is like bathing in the sea - one swims where one wants.
English people don't have very good diction. In France you have to pronounce very particularly and clearly, and learning French at an early age helped me enormously.
I am going to be a great actress.
I have just made out my will and given all the things I have and many that I haven't.
I need something truly beautiful to look at in hotel rooms.
I think Edith Evans is the most marvelous actress in the world and she can look beautiful. People who aren't beautiful can look beautiful. She can look as beautiful as Diana Cooper, who was the most beautiful woman in the world.
I've always been mad about cats.
I think any classical training in the theatre is of enormous value.
Classical plays require more imagination and more general training to be able to do. That's why I like playing Shakespeare better than anything else.
I'm not a film star, I am an actress. Being a film star is such a false life, lived for fake values and for publicity.
My parents were absolutely delighted that I knew what I wanted to do.
Comedy is much more difficult than tragedy-and a much better training, I think. It's much easier to make people cry than to make them laugh.
I always know my lines.
I loved fencing and dancing and elocution.
A lucky thing Eva Peron was. She died at 32. I'm already 45.
Every single night I'm nervous. You never know how the audience is going to react.
I adore dancing.
I don't know what that Method is. Acting is life, to me, and should be.
I know I am right for Scarlett. I can convince Mr. Selznick.
I never found accents difficult, after learning languages.
I'm a Scorpio, and Scorpios eat themselves out and burn themselves up like me.
I'm not afraid to die.
I'm not young. What's wrong with that?
