English,Poet
Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.
Uncertainty and expectation are the joys of life. Security is an insipid thing.
She likes herself, yet others hates, For that which in herself she prizes; And while she laughs at them, forgets She is the thing that she despises.
He who closes his ears to the views of others shows little confidence in the integrity of his own views.
There is in true beauty, as in courage, something which narrow souls cannot dare to admire.
Courtship is to marriage, as a very witty prologue to a very dull play.
To find a young fellow that is neither a wit in his own eye, nor a fool in the eye of the world, is a very hard task.
A hungry wolf at all the herd will run, In hopes, through many, to make sure of one.
They are at the end of the gallery; retired to their tea and scandal, according to their ancient custom.
Music has charms to sooth a savage breast, to soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak.
Beauty is the lover's gift.
Fear comes from uncertainty. When we are absolutely certain, whether of our worth or worthlessness, we are almost impervious to fear.
Never go to bed angry, stay up and fight.
Grief walks upon the heels of pleasure; married in haste, we repent at leisure.
In my conscience I believe the baggage loves me, for she never speaks well of me herself, nor suffers any body else to rail at me.
You are a woman: you must never speak what you think; your words must contradict your thoughts, but your actions may contradict your words.
If this be not love, it is madness, and then it is pardonable.
I find we are growing serious, and then we are in great danger of being dull.
They come together like the Coroner's Inquest, to sit upon the murdered reputations of the week.
'Tis well enough for a servant to be bred at an University. But the education is a little too pedantic for a gentleman.
Invention flags, his brain goes muddy, and black despair succeeds brown study.
If there's delight in love, 'Tis when I see that heart, which others bleed for, bleed for me.
Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved.
I know that's a secret, for it's whispered everywhere.
Wit must be foiled by wit: cut a diamond with a diamond.
No, I'm no enemy to learning; it hurts not me.
