English,Dramatist
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
If music be the food of love, play on.
The love of heaven makes one heavenly.
No legacy is so rich as honesty.
There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so.
What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
When a father gives to his son, both laugh; when a son gives to his father, both cry.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.
The course of true love never did run smooth.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste of death but once.
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.
This above all; to thine own self be true.
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
If you prick us do we not bleed? If you tickle us do we not laugh? If you poison us do we not die? And if you wrong us shall we not revenge?
One touch of nature makes the whole world kin.
Listen to many, speak to a few.
Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course.
Let every eye negotiate for itself and trust no agent.
To be, or not to be, that is the question.
They do not love that do not show their love.
With mirth and laughter let old wrinkles come.
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet, are of imagination all compact.
Sweet are the uses of adversity which, like the toad, ugly and venomous, wears yet a precious jewel in his head.
Give thy thoughts no tongue.
Life every man holds dear; but the dear man holds honor far more precious dear than life.
Fortune brings in some boats that are not steered.
No, I will be the pattern of all patience; I will say nothing.
Like as the waves make towards the pebbl'd shore, so do our minutes, hasten to their end.
Nothing can come of nothing.
There is no darkness but ignorance.
Heat not a furnace for your foe so hot that it do singe yourself.
Give me my robe, put on my crown; I have Immortal longings in me.
Boldness be my friend.
To thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man.
How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is to have a thankless child!
What a piece of work is a man, how noble in reason, how infinite in faculties, in form and moving how express and admirable, in action how like an angel, in apprehension how like a god.
In a false quarrel there is no true valor.
Sweet mercy is nobility's true badge.
Wisely, and slow. They stumble that run fast.
Time and the hour run through the roughest day.
Lawless are they that make their wills their law.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
False face must hide what the false heart doth know.
Give every man thy ear, but few thy voice.
Virtue is bold, and goodness never fearful.
Suit the action to the word, the word to the action.
The wheel is come full circle.
'Tis not enough to help the feeble up, but to support them after.
Now is the winter of our discontent.
To do a great right do a little wrong.
There's many a man has more hair than wit.
Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown.
My pride fell with my fortunes.
Some rise by sin, and some by virtue fall.
Words, words, mere words, no matter from the heart.
Love sought is good, but given unsought, is better.
What is past is prologue.
An overflow of good converts to bad.
I like not fair terms and a villain's mind.
Reputation is an idle and most false imposition; oft got without merit, and lost without deserving.
There's no art to find the mind's construction in the face.
Desire of having is the sin of covetousness.
They say miracles are past.
I see that the fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
Modest doubt is called the beacon of the wise.
Ambition should be made of sterner stuff.
We are time's subjects, and time bids be gone.
And oftentimes excusing of a fault doth make the fault the worse by the excuse.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be.
Use every man after his desert, and who should scape whipping?
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
I wasted time, and now doth time waste me.
Alas, I am a woman friendless, hopeless!
Farewell, fair cruelty.
Death is a fearful thing.
As flies to wanton boys, are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport.
Where every something, being blent together turns to a wild of nothing.
Nature hath framed strange fellows in her time.
Exceeds man's might: that dwells with the gods above.
But men are men; the best sometimes forget.
The stroke of death is as a lover's pinch, which hurts and is desired.
Come, gentlemen, I hope we shall drink down all unkindness.
Love is not love that alters when it alteration finds.
Maids want nothing but husbands, and when they have them, they want everything.
Speak low, if you speak love.
Most dangerous is that temptation that doth goad us on to sin in loving virtue.
Things done well and with a care, exempt themselves from fear.
Words without thoughts never to heaven go.
Now, God be praised, that to believing souls gives light in darkness, comfort in despair.
O, had I but followed the arts!
When words are scarce they are seldom spent in vain.
If you have tears, prepare to shed them now.
But if it be a sin to covet honour, I am the most offending soul alive.
He is winding the watch of his wit; by and by it will strike.
He does it with better grace, but I do it more natural.
Things won are done, joy's soul lies in the doing.
Well, if Fortune be a woman, she's a good wench for this gear.
Go to you bosom: Knock there, and ask your heart what it doth know.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
The lady doth protest too much, methinks.
We cannot conceive of matter being formed of nothing, since things require a seed to start from... Therefore there is not anything which returns to nothing, but all things return dissolved into their elements.
It will have blood, they say; blood will have blood.
Love is too young to know what conscience is.
Such as we are made of, such we be.
As soon go kindle fire with snow, as seek to quench the fire of love with words.
The valiant never taste of death but once.
Who could refrain that had a heart to love and in that heart courage to make love known?
But O, how bitter a thing it is to look into happiness through another man's eyes.
O! for a muse of fire, that would ascend the brightest heaven of invention.
O' What may man within him hide, though angel on the outward side!
Fishes live in the sea, as men do a-land; the great ones eat up the little ones.
Is it not strange that desire should so many years outlive performance?
I am not bound to please thee with my answer.
He that loves to be flattered is worthy o' the flatterer.
So foul and fair a day I have not seen.
I bear a charmed life.
In time we hate that which we often fear.
How poor are they that have not patience! What wound did ever heal but by degrees?
Let no such man be trusted.
Mind your speech a little lest you should mar your fortunes.
The undiscovered country from whose bourn no traveler returns.
Men are April when they woo, December when they wed. Maids are May when they are maids, but the sky changes when they are wives.
I shall the effect of this good lesson keeps as watchman to my heart.
Life is as tedious as twice-told tale, vexing the dull ear of a drowsy man.
There's place and means for every man alive.
Men's vows are women's traitors!
'Tis better to bear the ills we have than fly to others that we know not of.
Teach not thy lip such scorn, for it was made For kissing, lady, not for such contempt.
I may neither choose who I would, nor refuse who I dislike; so is the will of a living daughter curbed by the will of a dead father.
I never see thy face but I think upon hell-fire.
I were better to be eaten to death with a rust than to be scoured to nothing with perpetual motion.
The fashion of the world is to avoid cost, and you encounter it.
Virtue itself scapes not calumnious strokes.
A peace is of the nature of a conquest; for then both parties nobly are subdued, and neither party loser.
There have been many great men that have flattered the people who ne'er loved them.
There was never yet fair woman but she made mouths in a glass.
I dote on his very absence.
If to do were as easy as to know what were good to do, chapels had been churches, and poor men's cottage princes' palaces.
When we are born we cry that we are come to this great stage of fools.
As he was valiant, I honour him. But as he was ambitious, I slew him.
By that sin fell the angels.
Women may fall when there's no strength in men.
Truly, I would not hang a dog by my will, much more a man who hath any honesty in him.
Faith, there hath been many great men that have flattered the people who ne'er loved them.
A man loves the meat in his youth that he cannot endure in his age.
The man that hath no music in himself, Nor is not moved with concord of sweet sounds, is fit for treasons, stratagems and spoils.
How oft the sight of means to do ill deeds makes ill deeds done!
'Tis one thing to be tempted, another thing to fall.
What, man, defy the devil. Consider, he's an enemy to mankind.
If you can look into the seeds of time, and say which grain will grow and which will not, speak then unto me.
Poor and content is rich, and rich enough.
And this, our life, exempt from public haunt, finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything.
God hath given you one face, and you make yourselves another.
I hold the world but as the world, Gratiano; A stage where every man must play a part, And mine is a sad one.
For I can raise no money by vile means.
Thou know'st the first time that we smell the air we wawl and cry. When we are born we cry, that we are come to this great state of fools.
There's not a note of mine that's worth the noting.
I had rather have a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad and to travel for it too!
The most peaceable way for you, if you do take a thief, is, to let him show himself what he is and steal out of your company.
I will praise any man that will praise me.
The attempt and not the deed confounds us.
Men shut their doors against a setting sun.
O thou invisible spirit of wine, if thou hast no name to be known by, let us call thee devil.
For my part, it was Greek to me.
O! Let me not be mad, not mad, sweet heaven; keep me in temper; I would not be mad!
There are many events in the womb of time, which will be delivered.
O, what a goodly outside falsehood hath!
And why not death rather than living torment? To die is to be banish'd from myself; And Silvia is myself: banish'd from her Is self from self: a deadly banishment!
I was adored once too.
If we are marked to die, we are enough to do our country loss; and if to live, the fewer men, the greater share of honor.
Lord, Lord, how subject we old men are to this vice of lying!
O God, O God, how weary, stale, flat, and unprofitable seem to me all the uses of this world!
If it be a sin to covet honor, I am the most offending soul.
Many a good hanging prevents a bad marriage.
Children wish fathers looked but with their eyes; fathers that children with their judgment looked; and either may be wrong.
'Tis best to weigh the enemy more mighty than he seems.
How well he's read, to reason against reading!
Praise us as we are tasted, allow us as we prove.
I give unto my wife my second best bed with the furniture.
