English,Comedian
Sky and clouds and trees and little figures relaxing in the perfect rural rhythm of their surroundings: these are the staples of a Gainsborough landscape.
The moon puts on an elegant show, different every time in shape, colour and nuance.
Global warming, the ongoing destruction of the planet, Third World debt, the uselessness of the railways, the takeover by the corporations, the scary George Bush person: all these things are important and should be animating me into outrage. Yet somehow they do not.
A savage review is much more entertaining for the reader than an admiring one; the little misanthrope in each of us relishes the rubbishing of someone else.
A female friend who caught me watching Fashion TV reckons its audience is largely made up of slobbering men who are just taking a break from the appalling Men & Motors channel. I don't agree.
I'm an armchair kind of guy, especially when it's raining, which it always is and always will be.
When I was eight or nine, I wrote a new version of 'Peter Pan' for the school play. They didn't use it - I imagine it was unperformable - but as recompense for not doing my script, I was offered any role, and instinctively went for Captain Hook. I came on trying to be terrifying, but everyone laughed at me.
After you've read a novel, you only retain a vague memory of its contents. You remember the atmosphere, the odd image or phrase or vivid cameo.
I've been trekking the hills and lanes of the British countryside for nearly four decades now and I've come to associate my passion with overexcited poets rather than pampered painters.
The Romantic poets were the prototype ramblers, and I've often found myself following in their footsteps - although perhaps not all of their footsteps since a typical walk for Samuel T. Coleridge might last two days and cover 145km.
The pun exists in a social and political void, caring nothing for the issues of its day, content merely to display itself in its small cleverness.
My eyebrows could do with a trim.
Because comedy is cheap to put on: if you've got a play or an opera, there's a whole load of people and a set, but comedy is just one man or woman. And because TV has learned to love comics - there's so many more around now than when I started out.
I see my large nose, like half an avocado. I broke it falling downstairs when I was six, and it now resembles a large blob of play-dough.
I am 54 and age is slowly writing itself on my face.
I abhor nothing more than bumping into someone I know on the Tube.
An uninspiring canvas becomes a glamorous masterpiece when it is reattributed to a better-known artist.
The real change that paintings undergo is in the perceptions of the viewer.
The best way to prepare for a night out with a Shakespearean tragedy is to do a bit of reading up in the afternoon, eat a light supper - perhaps Welsh rarebit - and then arrive early to do some stretching exercises in the foyer before curtain-up.
Reading the play at home, however fulfilling, can never be the vivacious experience that Shakespeare intended.
It is London fashion week, and once again I haven't been invited to any shows. This is upsetting given my well-known love of fashion, or, as I think of it, playing with the dressing-up box.
Obviously I am not bothered about men's fashion - is anyone, apart from Jonathan Ross?
The outfits come and go but there is a constant that I like about the catwalk model: the snotty expression.
It was Julie Burchill who decreed that, beyond a certain age, a man should not be seen in a leather jacket.
Every generation of children has its private hero.
The Bible has no doubt had much influence in its time, but it provides very few laughs. None, in fact.
I've noticed that my resolutions involve me not doing stuff that I wasn't going to do anyway so here's something more positive. I'm going to retrain as a Latin teacher in a provincial public school.
When a writer dies you get a higher standard of obituary.
Someone once described me as the Zelig of comedy, and I think I know what he means.
I've always been interested in art.
I have a suspicion that a lot of artists are trying to get a laugh but, unlike stand-ups, they don't get an immediate response from their audience; a laugh is a rare thing in a gallery.
