American,Comedian
There's always an element of fear that you need to work a lot until people get sick and tired of you or finally figure out that you're a fraud after all!
I have a lot of nervous energy. Work is my best way of channelling that into something productive unless I want to wind up assaulting the postman or gardener.
My parents used to throw great New Year's Eve parties. They invited such an eclectic mix of showbiz people. All those cool people were always hanging out at our apartment.
Paul is Starsky, and I met him before shooting. He was very kind and encouraged us to go with what we wanted to do. It was very sweet to see them back with the car after 25 years.
Even when I'm not directing, that doesn't stop Owen from having ideas for what I should be doing.
Fashion is so over the top.
I don't devalue comedy as compared to drama. Not one bit.
I don't have a burning desire to be taken seriously as an actor. I don't have a master plan in that way.
I don't think know if anything's going to translate anywhere. You're making a movie, you hope it's going to be funny, you can't think about how it's going to go over.
I don't think the public is dying to see me necessarily be funny all the time.
I enjoy the work I do in comedies. It's a valid test of your creative abilities.
I grew up wanting to make movies, and along the way I suddenly found that I had a career doing comedy.
I just watched Paul Michael Glaser. He was the reason I wanted to do the movie because as a kid I was such a big fan of his. I watched all the episodes and tried to get a feeling for what he was doing.
I love New York. I was sad, depressed and incredibly moved by our fellow countrymen and what they've done. I wanted to give people a chance to see something funny, have a distraction.
I think most politicians could take a dodgeball in the face.
I think people will be curious to see what I can do as a dramatic actor.
I would like to do more dramas when I find a good role that will allow me to politely upset people's expectations of me as a comic actor.
I'm always willing to endure humiliation on behalf of my characters.
I'm not an expert on the Malaysian sense of humor.
I've had a very good career and I'm grateful that the public has had some level of acceptance and appreciation of my work.
If you look at my eyes when I'm dancing, you'll see that glazed look.
It was a mixed blessing to have famous parents. It was tough to go to auditions and be bad, since I couldn't be anonymous.
Jim Carrey, a comic genius, has a harder time overcoming the public's desire for him to be funny simply because he's so good at it.
Maybe forced retirement isn't necessary after all.
My own parents were touchy-feely.
Sometimes I wondered whether I hadn't let my career get confined to one direction, but lately I've decided to accept the fact that I have this opportunity to be successful doing comedies.
