American,Comedian
I guess one of the ways that karma works is that it finds out what you are most afraid of and then makes that happen eventually.
We are a multicultural country - always have been, and to our credit, always will be. It is something that we should be very proud of and embrace.
Well, sometimes you need the fields to lie fallow in order to gain nutrients.
My interest in art must have started with my Catholic upbringing. Art was everywhere: churches with its paintings, sculptures, stained glass, textiles, and fine metalwork.
The word 'Chicano' was originally a derisive term from Mexicans to other Mexicans living in the United States.
It always trips me out that America, the most powerful and magnificent nation in the history of the world, whose might was built by immigrants from all over the world, only speaks one language.
Loyalty and communication are always rewarded in sports.
I've never seen a NASCAR race; I've seen an Indianapolis 500 race.
You know you're in a bad movie when the Catholic clergy is being played by Jews.
Born in St. Petersburg, Russia, my wife speaks five languages: Russian, English, French, Italian and, out of self-defense, Spanish. I watched her learn Spanish in three months.
Growing up in Southern California, it's all car culture. When I was a kid, I knew every single model of every single car dealer; I knew every style of every year.
I was part of the draft resistance movement in LA where we did demonstrations at the draft centre and burned our cards and made a lot of trouble on campus.
Our first gig was a battle of the bands. We did 45 minutes of comedy and never played a note - and we won!
The reason we're so dangerous is because we're totally harmless.
We did six records, then six movies. Now we need to do six of something else, so we get 666 - and then our master Satan can return!
Yeah, I'm the go-to guy for Mexican priests.
Hey, I was raised in the church.
I was an altar boy and a choir member.
My marriage was breaking up, and my marriage with Chong was breaking up. I had to come back and kind of start on my own again.
I always wanted to work with Betty White, because she is one of my heroes of all time, and I just love her.
I love voice work.
I grew up half in South Central and half in the San Fernando valley.
I was part of the draft resistance movement in L.A. where we did demonstrations at the draft centre and burned our cards and made a lot of trouble on campus. I had a student classification and they said that anybody who'd taken part in these demonstrations would be reclassified and drafted. And that's when I went to Canada.
Being a Chicano in Hollywood, my experience is that you're not given credit for any sophistication... You're just kind of some guy that just crossed the border, you know, on the back of a truck and that's it.
Mexicans are quasi-legal.
What I look for when I see a piece of art for the first time is some kind of emotional, intellectual experience, that's a combination of both of those things and is informed by my knowledge and something new that I see the artist doing.
Don't ever insult a Chicano about being a Chicano because then all the other Chicanos will be on you with a vengeance. They will even fight each to be first in line to support you.
I was interested in a lot of subjects from very early on. And that's uniquely Chicano because every Chicano I knew always had three jobs.
As a kid, I used to go to the library and take out all the art books.
By the time I discovered Chicano painters in the mid-'80s, I recognized that these guys were really world-class painters, but they weren't getting any attention, which was good in one sense in that I could get their work for cheaper!
My first car was a '56 Ford station wagon - cost 100 bucks.
I drive an S80 Volvo; it's one of those real flashy cars. No, I just like it because I like a nice, cush ride; the Volvo is really cush, and it's powerful and fast.
