Australian,Comedian
I'm interested in youth culture - when your parents are running your life, but you think you're the big man - but I'm not trying to make a statement.
To be honest, after all the crap that happened with 'Summer Heights High,' I was like, 'I'm not going to write anything controversial or edgy ever again; I just can't handle the blame.'
I'm pretty lucky. I don't get too many haters.
Australia has a thing where apparently it's fine for me to dress up as an Asian woman. No one has questioned that.
British comedy fans go crazy.
I'm so independent in writing stuff and controlling what I do. Sometimes I get calls from people asking to be in their movie, but I'm always writing or editing, and I can never get around to doing it. I'm so much more interested in my own stuff. I think I drive my agent crazy.
I feel really qualified to write about Australia.
I don't just want to upset people and shock people by saying something really outrageous.
I think surprises make TV entertaining.
It takes me ages to write stuff.
It's barely OK for me to be dressed up as a black guy. But part of me kind of enjoys provoking people.
I find teenage girls endlessly funny.
Films do seem prestigious and glamorous, but when you create something, you want people to see it. TV still reaches so many more people; it still really appeals to me.
It's pretty awful being told you're a racist.
I like playing all sorts of ages and genders.
Mostly, what I watch are reality shows and documentaries.
I'm not a big comedy show-watcher, but I love Ricky Gervais' stuff and Sacha Baron Cohen's things. But I'm not an expert on them. I've seen them once.
When I wrote 'We Can Be Heroes,' I was just so excited about the concept of playing loads of characters, and a television series allows you to do that.
I'm totally not media shy and do interviews all the time and go to events and totally play along and actually enjoy talking to journalists most of the time.
You can't get any better than TV on HBO, ABC and BBC3.
Playing girls is cool, but its a lot more fun playing boys.
I met Kim Kardashian in a nightclub once, and she was really nice. Kanye was with her, but he didn't speak. He just looked at me.
I've done signings where elderly people will line up to get photos with me and ask me to sign things. They don't even pretend it's for their grandkids. They're like, 'No, it's for me.'
People were making fun of redheads before I came along.
I would love to play a British character one day. My accent wavers between Scottish and Irish very easily, though.
I just do what I think is funny and what's exciting to me.
I'm not interested in being one of those comedians who wants to look good and be this 'cool' funny person. I don't care how weird or ugly I look.
I'm definitely attracted to the idea of people that have these big aspirations that the audience know might never happen, but they're lost in them.
People think that I'm some kind of genius who's got these statements to say, and... I'm not really.
I'm not a big fan of 'Jersey Shore' and those kinds of shows where people are really playing up to the cameras.
When no one knows you, and you're just trying to break into stuff, it's so good because you can write whatever you want and just say it; it's just between you and the audience. There's no process or worrying about anyone else interfering with what you're doing.
Like, Australians definitely don't walk around dressed up in blackface going, 'Ha-ha.'
Religious humor is not really my area, so I probably wouldn't do anything about that, or politics or something.
