Irish,Comedian
I'm doing my best to be mindful about how I'm living: to be kind and patient, and not to impose a bad mood on somebody else. Being mindful is as good a way to be spiritual as anything else.
Work hard, play hard, dream big, love loads, laugh as much as you can, and give back.
I could probably die happy with a cheeseboard and a glass of French red wine - that's my idea of a perfect dinner.
With a new baby, you have a bad day now and again because you're particularly tired, but most of the time, you're fine. You spend a lot of your time trying to figure out how you can get more sleep, but really, you're better off just giving up and admitting that you're not going to, so forget about it.
Many's the audition I waltzed into unprepared and wondered why I didn't get it. I learned the hard way.
I am pretty much as you see me. I don't have deep, dark depths and go home in despair.
I think boarding school does give you an independence.
I was never very good at being an unemployed actor. I always thought that I should have been doing something pro-active. I was never good at doing juvenile leads. I suppose it's because I have this big sarcastic head on me.
Yes... I miss that everyone in Ireland tries to knock some humour out of every situation. I don't think I appreciated that. It's unique to Ireland.
Waiting to be hired, as an actor, especially, is soul-destroying... There is always something you can do... Create something, a play reading... Anything. But don't rely on other people to come to you. Put yourself out there.
Filling a theatre like the Olympia or Vicar Street on your own name is a very rewarding moment.
I have never, ever slept through my child crying unless I have had a sleeping tablet; and I only take a sleeping tablet when I know Steve, my husband, is on duty. We take turns: he does one night, I do the next.
I can't function if I don't have tea. I don't know whether it's psychological or a real necessity, but I just need it.
I love motherhood. I certainly wasn't aware of any mothering instincts until I had babies. I wasn't a person who desperately wanted to have kids, but you don't get it until you do it, and, suddenly, this nurturing instinct exists.
I get a good colour in summer but go really pale in winter, and it genuinely doesn't suit me, as people ask me if I'm ill. As well as making me look a bit better, I often have to be tanned in the middle of winter to do a show or programme, so I've road-tested every fake tan on the market.
I'm a great lighter and lover of candles, particularly fragranced ones, as I'm kind of addicted to scent.
I love peppermint tea, as it's much nicer than taking anything chemical for settling your stomach.
Acting is very much an all-or-nothing job.
I kind of flew into a panic that somebody would have already owned the rights, because Christina Noble's life is such a good story. It took us two full years to get Christina to agree and sign the rights.
There's a lot I've missed about living in Ireland. You miss family, particularly when you've got kids.
The notion that patience is a virtue is something you don't fully appreciate until you're a parent. You need endless patience with little ones.
Growing up, I was your classic Catholic Irish kid. I went to mass every Sunday. Then in secondary school I went to boarding school, and there was mass seven days a week before breakfast - it may have put me off!
When you're independent and not attached to a major media organisation, they just look at you as if to say, 'Who are you again?'
You worry about whether you are match-fit, coming back to the stand-up stage.
Ultimately, I just decided stand-up comedy is a huge commitment, and if you want to be the best, you have to give it one hundred per cent.
I don't like doing things by halves, and I realised you can't do stand-up comedy part-time.
