American,Comedian
Weather forecast for tonight: dark.
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.
Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
Electricity is really just organized lightning.
Inside every cynical person, there is a disappointed idealist.
Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac?
Just cause you got the monkey off your back doesn't mean the circus has left town.
Some people see things that are and ask, Why? Some people dream of things that never were and ask, Why not? Some people have to go to work and don't have time for all that.
I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman, 'Where's the self-help section?' She said if she told me, it would defeat the purpose.
I have as much authority as the Pope, I just don't have as many people who believe it.
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit.
'I am' is reportedly the shortest sentence in the English language. Could it be that 'I do' is the longest sentence?
If you can't beat them, arrange to have them beaten.
When Thomas Edison worked late into the night on the electric light, he had to do it by gas lamp or candle. I'm sure it made the work seem that much more urgent.
You know an odd feeling? Sitting on the toilet eating a chocolate candy bar.
Not only do I not know what's going on, I wouldn't know what to do about it if I did.
When you step on the brakes your life is in your foot's hands.
People who say they don't care what people think are usually desperate to have people think they don't care what people think.
You know the good part about all those executions in Texas? Fewer Texans.
Well, if crime fighters fight crime and fire fighters fight fire, what do freedom fighters fight? They never mention that part to us, do they?
There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past.
What does it mean to pre-board? Do you get on before you get on?
I'm always relieved when someone is delivering a eulogy and I realize I'm listening to it.
I think people should be allowed to do anything they want. We haven't tried that for a while. Maybe this time it'll work.
