English,Comedian
I was born in very sorry circumstances. Both of my parents were very sorry.
I was born in London, and went to school in Scotland - I used to be dead tired when I got home at night.
Such is life and life is such and after all it isn't much. First a cradle. Then a hearse. It might have been better, but it could have been worse.
In fact, one was so booked out we went from March and were to go till November, but the pantomime was booked so they transferred the show to the Prince of Wales Theatre because it was so packed out, and it ran on from there.
As you get older three things happen. The first is your memory goes, and I can't remember the other two.
You know I've got a chum, a smashing mate, he's got a dog with no legs, and he calls it a cigarette. It's true, yeah, because at nighttime he has to take it out for a drag.
Don't get me wrong: I'm overjoyed with my career to date. But perhaps I could have done more. Mostly, I just did whatever the directors told me to do.
But no, I've just been very lucky. But I've worked hard, and the harder you work, the luckier you seem to get.
I do play drums when I'm on tour.
I owe everything to the army.
I play drums, clarinet, saxophone, trumpet, french horn, piano.
I was in the band as a boy and was taught music and learned to compose.
I've an idea for doing a Situation Comedy myself but its always difficult to get people to listen to you because they like to put their own ideas forward.
I've been extremely lucky having been in the army when I was a boy of fourteen.
I've done seven shows at the Palladium - long running shows I'm talking about.
I've got one idea I want to do for a film and you know I just enjoy myself doing bits and pieces.
Of course I've done musicals here in London.
Well if I was going to describe my audience, it's going to take longer than you'd ever expect, hundreds of years in fact, because there's many of them, all over the world.
At my age, the radiation will probably do me good.
I'm still constantly thinking of ideas. I don't feel 90. I think I'm about 12.
I've always had a sense of humour, and I still do, so I just want to go on performing as long as I can. It's as simple as that.
I don't know nothing about communism. But I know the Albanians loved me. Same reason as anyone else loves me. Because I made them laugh.
All my boyhood, all I ever wanted was to be loved.
I like consistency. If you've had a childhood like mine, you want some things you can rely on to stay the same.
I used to first go on to entertain an audience. But now I go, and this is really true - I go on to have fun with a crowd of my chums.
I can never tell a joke, I've always found it easier to just fall over.
