Canadian,Comedian
I'm not a wilting flower. I'm honest, so I pick a lot of fights. I've burned a lot of bridges.
My theory is that comedy comes from little people.
I think Canadian humor is a little less broad than American humor.
I guess chemistry is just another word for love.
Americans know as much about Canada as straight people do about gays. Americans arrive at the border with skis in July, and straight people think that being gay is just a phase. A very long phase.
In France, everyone speaks French 'cause they think it's cool. Gives 'em, gives 'em an excuse to smoke.
We have been so pleased with the response to our unique schools in the Nashville area, and we are confident that other areas will embrace our concept, as well.
Well I think comedy everywhere has lost a bit of its bite. In Canada, I can't argue with the quality, but it feels like it's gotten a little safe.
Canadian comedians are generally more well-rounded... They have to do a lot more. In order to have a career in this country, you have to do everything. And in the States you can narrow-cast, you can be just a sitcom performer or a stand-up comedian or a sketch performer.
In Canadian comedy, you'll almost never see guns. If you bring a gun into a scene, it's like, 'Whoa! Wow, how are we going to deal with that!' Guns in an American comedy are a given. Violence in America is used in a much more cavalier way.
I think the Canadian sense of humor is dryer than America's and juicier than Britain's. I think it's a cross between the two of them, really.
I'm not really cool, or dashing, or any of those things.
If comedy duos don't like each other, it just won't work.
I first got into fruit when I was a teenager, when my life was changing in every way. The first time I had a mango, at like 18, I was like, 'Where has this been my whole life?'
I've pretty much given up on the orange. I really have. I just don't even bother. It's just either sour, or woody, or the skin's too thick. It's very nice when you come across the perfect orange, because it's really a beautiful experience. But the stakes are too high.
Art is about the edges and the sharp corners and those places are not conducive to activism, which is about putting on a gloss.
Activism isn't about holding your faults up to the light. That's what comedy is about, it's about saying, 'Look at this person who is so flawed and frail and damaged. And we're all this frail and damaged so let's laugh at it.'
I'm a total nerd. I love fantasy.
When I was younger I wanted to be a big movie star who'd get to be funny on talk shows and then I wanted to retire and write science fiction.
My cancer continues to make for all kind of hilarity.
The gay male is always going to be at the bottom.
I believe the things that happened to me as a child scarred me terribly, and I wish somebody would have helped me with some of the things that happened.
Fathers should start teaching the boys how to punch.
I think a case could be made that there's sort of a crisis of masculinity in the West. Particularly with white males.
People don't listen when you lecture. No one wants to be talked down to or scolded.
This world is filled with five billion people with five billion different ways of looking at things.
