Irish,Comedian
And God said, 'Let there be light' and there was light, but the Electricity Board said He would have to wait until Thursday to be connected.
I remember lying out in my bed and looking at the vast, quiet sky. Right up above my head, there were three stars in a row, and I remember thinking, 'Well, I'll have those three stars all my life, and wherever I am, they will be. They are my stars, and they belong to me.'
A sure cure for seasickness is to sit under a tree.
Driver Shepherd and I had been detailed to drive Lt. Budden in the Wireless Truck. We had been standing by vehicles for an hour, and nothing had happened, but it happened frequently.
I'm a hero with coward's legs.
My Father had a profound influence on me. He was a lunatic.
All I ask is the chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
When I get depressed, I try to get something for the terrible sadness that comes over me and create something in terms of poetry.
It was a perfect marriage. She didn't want to and he couldn't.
Money can't buy you happiness but it does bring you a more pleasant form of misery.
Money couldn't buy friends, but you got a better class of enemy.
Is there anything worn under the kilt? No, it's all in perfect working order.
I'm not afraid of dying I just don't want to be there when it happens.
For ten years Caesar ruled with an iron hand. Then with a wooden foot, and finally with a piece of string.
I don't think of depression as contagious. Other depressed people challenge the idea - which can be very persistent and irritating - that there is something odd about you: that you are unique with regard to this wretched state.
I can't stand being late. I try to be professional. I try not to let people down. But people let me down. That's why I don't rely on anyone to call me. That's why I have clocks as well as people. I have to be able to call myself; it's the only way to be sure.
I spent many years laughing at Harry Secombe's singing until somebody told me that it wasn't a joke.
Are you going to come quietly, or do I have to use earplugs?
One important thing I recall about India was that it was quiet. It was never noisy in the way that life was noisy in London.
We reach a secondary road and - here comes the bonus - we pass the Temple of Neptune and Cerene, at Paestum, both looking beautiful in the sunlight. Strung from the Doric columns are lines of soldiers' washing. At last they had been put to practical use. If only the ancient Greeks had known.
The night before Tilbury, the Cordon Bleu gourmet dinner turned out Cordon Brown. Six out of ten to the chef for trying and ten out of ten to us for eating it.
How long was I in the army? Five foot eleven.
It was implanted in me that I came from a different class - an elevated class. I was cushioned by servants. I don't remember doing anything for myself. I only played and went to school.
I can speak Esperanto like a native.
I thought I'd begin by reading a poem by Shakespeare, but then I thought, why should I? He never reads any of mine.
Contraceptives should be used on every conceivable occasion.
