English,Dramatist
The bits I most remember about my school days are those that took place outside the classroom, as we were taken on countless theatre visits and trips to places of interest.
Closing a public library is child abuse, really, because it hinders child development.
Life is generally something that happens elsewhere.
We were put to Dickens as children but it never quite took. That unremitting humanity soon had me cheesed off.
All knowledge is precious whether or not it serves the slightest human use.
Teachers need to feel they are trusted. They must be allowed some leeway to use their imagination; otherwise, teaching loses all sense of wonder and excitement.
I'm all in favour of free expression provided it's kept rigidly under control.
If you think squash is a competitive activity, try flower arranging.
Cancer, like any other illness, is a bore.
We were all miners in our family. My father was a miner. My mother is a miner. These are miner's hands, but we were all artists, I suppose, really. But I was the first one who had the urge to express myself on paper rather than at the coalface.
I didn't even have a clear idea of why I wanted to go to Oxford - apart from the fact I had fallen in love with the architecture. It certainly wasn't out of some great sense of academic or intellectual achievement. In many ways, my education only began after I'd left university.
My films are about embarrassment.
I've never seen the point of the sea, except where it meets the land. The shore has a point. The sea has none.
I can't complain that I've had a public all through my writing life, but people don't quite know what I've written. People don't read you too closely. Perhaps, after I've died, they'll look at my stuff, and read it through, and find there's more in it. That may be wrong, but that's what I comfort myself with.
I don't want to see libraries close; I want to find local solutions that will make them sustainable.
Sometimes, particularly in summers in New York, I have tried to write in shorts or with no shirt on and found myself unable to do so, the reason being, I take it, that writing, even of the most impersonal sort, is for me a divestment, a striptease, even, so that if I start off undressed, I have nowhere to go.
Children always assume the sexual lives of their parents come to a grinding halt at their conception.
Those who have known the famous are publicly debriefed of their memories, knowing as their own dusk falls that they will only be remembered for remembering someone else.
Life is like a box of sardines and we are all looking for the key.
Were we closer to the ground as children, or is the grass emptier now?
Your whole life is on the other side of the glass. And there is nobody watching.
I write plays about things that I can't resolve in my mind. I try to root things out.
Definition of a classic: a book everyone is assumed to have read and often thinks they have.
We started off trying to set up a small anarchist community, but people wouldn't obey the rules.
I'm more socialist certainly than New Labour - I'm very old Labour, really.
I don't believe in private education.
