Russian,Dramatist
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy.
Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass.
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
Medicine is my lawful wife and literature my mistress; when I get tired of one, I spend the night with the other.
We shall find peace. We shall hear angels, we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out.
Money, like vodka, turns a person into an eccentric.
The only difference between doctors and lawyers is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you, too.
Advertising is the very essence of democracy.
The sea has neither meaning nor pity.
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare, and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.
No psychologist should pretend to understand what he does not understand... Only fools and charlatans know everything and understand nothing.
There is nothing new in art except talent.
A good upbringing means not that you won't spill sauce on the tablecloth, but that you won't notice it when someone else does.
You must trust and believe in people or life becomes impossible.
The more refined one is, the more unhappy.
If you are afraid of loneliness, do not marry.
To advise is not to compel.
People who lead a lonely existence always have something on their minds that they are eager to talk about.
How unbearable at times are people who are happy, people for whom everything works out.
Faith is an aptitude of the spirit. It is, in fact, a talent: you must be born with it.
Life does not agree with philosophy: There is no happiness that is not idleness, and only what is useless is pleasurable.
The world perishes not from bandits and fires, but from hatred, hostility, and all these petty squabbles.
The thirst for powerful sensations takes the upper hand both over fear and over compassion for the grief of others.
Man is what he believes.
