French,Dramatist
A work of art is above all an adventure of the mind.
Ideologies separate us. Dreams and anguish bring us together.
There is no religion in which everyday life is not considered a prison; there is no philosophy or ideology that does not think that we live in alienation.
You can only predict things after they have happened.
I've always been suspicious of collective truths.
It is not the answer that enlightens, but the question.
Beauty is a precious trace that eternity causes to appear to us and that it takes away from us. A manifestation of eternity, and a sign of death as well.
No society has been able to abolish human sadness, no political system can deliver us from the pain of living, from our fear of death, our thirst for the absolute. It is the human condition that directs the social condition, not vice versa.
Cut off from his religious, metaphysical and transcendental roots, man is lost; all his actions become senseless, absurd, useless.
Everything that has been will be, everything that will be is, everything that will be has been.
Often, alas, the most detestable kind of bourgeois is the anti-bourgeois kind of bourgeois.
Culture cannot be separated from politics. The arts, philosophy and metaphysics, religion and the sciences, constitute culture. Politics are the science or art of organizing our relationships to allow for the development of life in society.
All theatre is absurd.
I look out the chair while eating my pillow. I open the wall, I walk with my ears. I have ten eyes to walk with and two fingers to look with. I put my head on the floor to sit down, I put my bottom on the ceiling. After eating the music box, I spread jam on the rug for a great dessert.
A man with a soul is not like every other man.
A nose that can see is worth two that sniff.
Explanation separates us from astonishment, which is the only gateway to the incomprehensible.
We have not the time to take our time.
A civil servant doesn't make jokes.
Woe betide the man who refuses to conform.
Perhaps I abandoned criticism because I am full of contradictions, and when you write an essay, you are not supposed to contradict yourself. But in the theater, by inventing various characters, you can. My characters are contradictory not only in their language but in their behavior as well.
The critic should describe, and not prescribe.
Living is abnormal.
Shakespeare was the great one before us. His place was between God and despair.
Like all revolutions, the surrealist revolution was a reversion, a restitution, an expression of vital and indispensable spiritual needs.
I was born near Bucharest, but my parents came to France a year later. We moved back to Romania when I was thirteen, and my world was shattered. I hated Bucharest, its society, and its mores - its anti-Semitism for example.
