Irish,Dramatist
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance.
True friends stab you in the front.
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result.
Women are made to be loved, not understood.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
I can resist everything except temptation.
Memory... is the diary that we all carry about with us.
A gentleman is one who never hurts anyone's feelings unintentionally.
Life imitates art far more than art imitates Life.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist.
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live.
Beauty is the only thing that time cannot harm. Philosophies fall away like sand, creeds follow one another, but what is beautiful is a joy for all seasons, a possession for all eternity.
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
To expect the unexpected shows a thoroughly modern intellect.
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.
By giving us the opinions of the uneducated, journalism keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community.
Ridicule is the tribute paid to the genius by the mediocrities.
This suspense is terrible. I hope it will last.
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul.
Deceiving others. That is what the world calls a romance.
Nothing is so aggravating than calmness.
I am not young enough to know everything.
Our ambition should be to rule ourselves, the true kingdom for each one of us; and true progress is to know more, and be more, and to do more.
Only the shallow know themselves.
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
Questions are never indiscreet, answers sometimes are.
Hatred is blind, as well as love.
Beauty has as many meanings as man has moods. Beauty is the symbol of symbols. Beauty reveals everything, because it expresses nothing. When it shows us itself, it shows us the whole fiery-coloured world.
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.
An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all.
The world is divided into two classes, those who believe the incredible, and those who do the improbable.
Sometimes the poor are praised for being thrifty. But to recommend thrift to the poor is both grotesque and insulting. It is like advising a man who is starving to eat less.
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
What is a cynic? A man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
A man's face is his autobiography. A woman's face is her work of fiction.
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
The advantage of the emotions is that they lead us astray.
There is no sin except stupidity.
The salesman knows nothing of what he is selling save that he is charging a great deal too much for it.
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament.
One should always be in love. That is the reason one should never marry.
I see when men love women. They give them but a little of their lives. But women when they love give everything.
I never travel without my diary. One should always have something sensational to read in the train.
In all matters of opinion, our adversaries are insane.
Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same.
It is a very sad thing that nowadays there is so little useless information.
Who, being loved, is poor?
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
In judging of a beautiful statue, the aesthetic faculty is absolutely and completely gratified by the splendid curves of those marble lips that are dumb to our complaint, the noble modelling of those limbs that are powerless to help us.
Everybody who is incapable of learning has taken to teaching.
Conversation about the weather is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
America is the only country that went from barbarism to decadence without civilization in between.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one's mistakes.
A man who does not think for himself does not think at all.
Arguments are to be avoided: they are always vulgar and often convincing.
I always pass on good advice. It is the only thing to do with it. It is never of any use to oneself.
An excellent man; he has no enemies; and none of his friends like him.
It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating.
It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it.
The man who can dominate a London dinner-table can dominate the world.
The good ended happily, and the bad unhappily. That is what fiction means.
Pessimist: One who, when he has the choice of two evils, chooses both.
One should always play fairly when one has the winning cards.
The basis of optimism is sheer terror.
The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it... I can resist everything but temptation.
No man is rich enough to buy back his past.
She is a peacock in everything but beauty.
Everything popular is wrong.
Women are never disarmed by compliments. Men always are. That is the difference between the sexes.
When I was young I thought that money was the most important thing in life; now that I am old I know that it is.
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure.
The moment you think you understand a great work of art, it's dead for you.
I have a dining room done in different shades of white, with white cushions embroidered in yellow silk: the effect is absolutely delightful and the room beautiful.
In designing the scenery and costumes for any of Shakespeare's plays, the first thing the artist has to settle is the best date for the drama. This should be determined by the general spirit of the play more than by any actual historical references which may occur in it.
I can stand brute force, but brute reason is quite unbearable. There is something unfair about its use. It is hitting below the intellect.
It is through art, and through art only, that we can realise our perfection.
Art never harms itself by keeping aloof from the social problems of the day: rather, by so doing, it more completely realises for us that which we desire.
The world has grown suspicious of anything that looks like a happily married life.
It is the spectator, and not life, that art really mirrors.
The spirit of an age may be best expressed in the abstract ideal arts, for the spirit itself is abstract and ideal.
All art is at once surface and symbol. Those who go beneath the surface do so at their peril. Those who read the symbol do so at their peril. It is the spectator, and not life, that art really mirrors. Diversity of opinion about a work of art shows that the work is new, complex and vital.
Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
Seriousness is the only refuge of the shallow.
Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to.
Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for the people.
A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.
Those whom the gods love grow young.
When the gods wish to punish us they answer our prayers.
The critic has to educate the public; the artist has to educate the critic.
Literature must rest always on a principle, and temporal considerations are no principle at all. For, to the poet, all times and places are one; the stuff he deals with is eternal and eternally the same: no theme is inept, no past or present preferable.
One of the many lessons that one learns in prison is, that things are what they are and will be what they will be.
I sometimes think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability.
A poet can survive everything but a misprint.
I think that God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.
I want my food dead. Not sick, not dying, dead.
If there was less sympathy in the world, there would be less trouble in the world.
Children begin by loving their parents; after a time they judge them; rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.
I have nothing to declare except my genius.
There is nothing so difficult to marry as a large nose.
The difference between literature and journalism is that journalism is unreadable and literature is not read.
Why was I born with such contemporaries?
In America the young are always ready to give to those who are older than themselves the full benefits of their inexperience.
It is always the unreadable that occurs.
It is only the modern that ever becomes old-fashioned.
Men marry because they are tired; women, because they are curious; both are disappointed.
If a work of art is rich and vital and complete, those who have artistic instincts will see its beauty, and those to whom ethics appeal more strongly than aesthetics will see its moral lesson. It will fill the cowardly with terror, and the unclean will see in it their own shame.
A critic should be taught to criticise a work of art without making any reference to the personality of the author.
I have never given adoration to any body except myself.
Let us have no machine-made ornament at all; it is all bad and worthless and ugly.
'The Lady's World' should be made the recognized organ for the expression of women's opinions on all subjects of literature, art and modern life, and yet it should be a magazine that men could read with pleasure.
In England, an inventor is regarded almost as a crazy man, and in too many instances, invention ends in disappointment and poverty. In America, an inventor is honoured, help is forthcoming, and the exercise of ingenuity, the application of science to the work of man, is there the shortest road to wealth.
To lose one parent may be regarded as a misfortune; to lose both looks like carelessness.
Bad people are, from the point of view of art, fascinating studies. They represent colour, variety and strangeness. Good people exasperate one's reason; bad people stir one's imagination.
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming. This is a fault.
Art should never try to be popular. The public should try to make itself artistic.
Society exists only as a mental concept; in the real world there are only individuals.
It is only by not paying one's bills that one can hope to live in the memory of the commercial classes.
One can survive everything, nowadays, except death, and live down everything except a good reputation.
If one plays good music, people don't listen and if one plays bad music people don't talk.
I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their intellects. A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
While we look to the dramatist to give romance to realism, we ask of the actor to give realism to romance.
Art is individualism, and individualism is a disturbing and disintegrating force.
No object is so beautiful that, under certain conditions, it will not look ugly.
Charity creates a multitude of sins.
When good Americans die they go to Paris.
Whenever a man does a thoroughly stupid thing, it is always from the noblest motives.
The function of the artist is to invent, not to chronicle.
London is too full of fogs and serious people. Whether the fogs produce the serious people, or whether the serious people produce the fogs, I don't know.
The mark of all good art is not that the thing done is done exactly or finely, for machinery may do as much, but that it is worked out with the head and the workman's heart.
I put all my genius into my life; I put only my talent into my works.
There are only two kinds of people who are really fascinating - people who know absolutely everything, and people who know absolutely nothing.
As long as a woman can look ten years younger than her own daughter, she is perfectly satisfied.
There is always something ridiculous about the emotions of people whom one has ceased to love.
A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love her.
The well bred contradict other people. The wise contradict themselves.
There is something terribly morbid in the modern sympathy with pain. One should sympathise with the colour, the beauty, the joy of life. The less said about life's sores the better.
Woman begins by resisting a man's advances and ends by blocking his retreat.
Perhaps one of the most difficult things for us to do is to choose a notable and joyous dress for men. There would be more joy in life if we were to accustom ourselves to use all the beautiful colours we can in fashioning our own clothes.
One's real life is so often the life that one does not lead.
A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame.
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
I find it harder and harder every day to live up to my blue china.
There is no necessity to separate the monarch from the mob; all authority is equally bad.
No woman should ever be quite accurate about her age. It looks so calculating.
The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.
Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
What we have to do, what at any rate it is our duty to do, is to revive the old art of Lying.
Death and vulgarity are the only two facts in the nineteenth century that one cannot explain away.
Mr. Henry James writes fiction as if it were a painful duty.
I like persons better than principles, and I like persons with no principles better than anything else in the world.
There is a luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves we feel no one else has a right to blame us.
If one could only teach the English how to talk, and the Irish how to listen, society here would be quite civilized.
Romantic art deals with the exception and with the individual. Good people, belonging as they do to the normal, and so, commonplace type, are artistically uninteresting.
I think it is perfectly natural for any artist to admire intensely and love a young man. It is an incident in the life of almost every artist.
Perhaps, after all, America never has been discovered. I myself would say that it had merely been detected.
Man can believe the impossible, but man can never believe the improbable.
There is nothing in the world like the devotion of a married woman. It is a thing no married man knows anything about.
The imagination imitates. It is the critical spirit that creates.
It is only an auctioneer who can equally and impartially admire all schools of art.
There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written, or badly written.
Biography lends to death a new terror.
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination. When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
I am the only person in the world I should like to know thoroughly.
You will always be fond of me. I represent to you all the sins you have never had the courage to commit.
Technique is really personality. That is the reason why the artist cannot teach it, why the pupil cannot learn it, and why the aesthetic critic can understand it.
In its primary aspect, a painting has no more spiritual message than an exquisite fragment of Venetian glass. The channels by which all noble and imaginative work in painting should touch the soul are not those of the truths of lives.
All art is quite useless.
There's nothing in the world like the devotion of a married woman. It's a thing no married man knows anything about.
Yes, there is a terrible moral in 'Dorian Gray' - a moral which the prurient will not be able to find in it, but it will be revealed to all whose minds are healthy. Is this an artistic error? I fear it is. It is the only error in the book.
If you pretend to be good, the world takes you very seriously. If you pretend to be bad, it doesn't. Such is the astounding stupidity of optimism.
The one charm about marriage is that it makes a life of deception absolutely necessary for both parties.
When a man has once loved a woman he will do anything for her except continue to love her.
How marriage ruins a man! It is as demoralizing as cigarettes, and far more expensive.
I suppose society is wonderfully delightful. To be in it is merely a bore. But to be out of it is simply a tragedy.
Fathers should be neither seen nor heard. That is the only proper basis for family life.
All bad poetry springs from genuine feeling.
In married life three is company and two none.
The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius.
Now that the House of Commons is trying to become useful, it does a great deal of harm.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
One's past is what one is. It is the only way by which people should be judged.
There are many things that we would throw away if we were not afraid that others might pick them up.
Women love us for our defects. If we have enough of them, they will forgive us everything, even our gigantic intellects.
There is only one class in the community that thinks more about money than the rich, and that is the poor. The poor can think of nothing else.
There is always something infinitely mean about other people's tragedies.
Romance should never begin with sentiment. It should begin with science and end with a settlement.
Anybody can be good in the country. There are no temptations there.
In modern life nothing produces such an effect as a good platitude. It makes the whole world kin.
America had often been discovered before Columbus, but it had always been hushed up.
Writing bores me so.
I would have a workshop attached to every school, and one hour a day given up to the teaching of simple decorative arts. It would be a golden hour to the children.
There should be a law that no ordinary newspaper should be allowed to write about art. The harm they do by their foolish and random writing it would be impossible to overestimate - not to the artist, but to the public, blinding them to all but harming the artist not at all.
Nothing, indeed, is more dangerous to the young artist than any conception of ideal beauty: he is constantly led by it either into weak prettiness or lifeless abstraction: whereas to touch the ideal at all, you must not strip it of vitality.
