Nigerian,Dramatist
A tiger does not shout its tigritude, it acts.
Each time I think I've created time for myself, along comes a throwback to disrupt my private space.
Just like birds, hunters know no borders.
My understanding of the creative process is simply that all cultures and all concerns meet at a certain point, the human point in which everything is related to one another. That has been my creative experience. I never know who's influencing me at any time.
Under a dictatorship, a nation ceases to exist. All that remains is a fiefdom, a planet of slaves regimented by aliens from outer space.
My horizon on humanity is enlarged by reading the writers of poems, seeing a painting, listening to some music, some opera, which has nothing at all to do with a volatile human condition or struggle or whatever. It enriches me as a human being.
The hand that dips into the bottom of the pot will eat the biggest snail.
And I believe that the best learning process of any kind of craft is just to look at the work of others.
The writer is the visionary of his people... He anticipates, he warns.
There is only one home to the life of a river-mussel; there is only one home to the life of a tortoise; there is only one shell to the soul of man: there is only one world to the spirit of our race. If that world leaves its course and smashes on boulders of the great void, whose world will give us shelter?
I don't know any other way to live but to wake up every day armed with my convictions, not yielding them to the threat of danger and to the power and force of people who might despise me.
Books and all forms of writing are terror to those who wish to suppress the truth.
I'm an Afro-realist. I take what comes, and I do my best to affect what is unacceptable in society.
You cannot live a normal existence if you haven't taken care of a problem that affects your life and affects the lives of others, values that you hold which in fact define your very existence.
Art is solace; art is vision, and when I pick up a literary work, I am a consumer of literature for its own sake.
Given the scale of trauma caused by the genocide, Rwanda has indicated that however thin the hope of a community can be, a hero always emerges. Although no one can dare claim that it is now a perfect state, and that no more work is needed, Rwanda has risen from the ashes as a model or truth and reconciliation.
No human is completely fearless.
I like my peace and quiet whenever I can grab it.
We live in a materialist world, and materialism appeals so strongly to humanity, no matter where.
Power is domination, control, and therefore a very selective form of truth which is a lie.
There's a kind of dynamic quality about theater and that dynamic quality expresses itself in relation to, first of all, the environment in which it's being staged; then the audience, the nature of the audience, the quality of the audience.
The greatest threat to freedom is the absence of criticism.
Human life has meaning only to that degree and as long as it is lived in the service of humanity.
Being the first black Nobel laureate, and the first African, the African world considered me personal property. I lost the remaining shreds of my anonymity, even to walk a few yards in London, Paris or Frankfurt without being stopped.
One has to confront history honestly.
An idyllic period of my existence was when I had a den attached to my home... a writing den, and no one had access to that unless they had their own special visa, applied for weeks in advance.
Some African leaders actually dare to suggest that democracy is a concept alien to traditional African society. This is one of the most impudent political blasphemies I can think of.
I love beauty. But I like the beauty accidentally, not dished up, served up on a platter.
I have a kind of magnetic attraction to situations of violence.
The man dies in all who keep silent in the face of tyranny.
But when you're deprived of it for a lengthy period then you value human companionship. But you have to survive and so you devise all kinds of mental exercises and it's amazing.
Even when I'm writing plays I enjoy having company and mentally I think of that company as the company I'm writing for.
I don't really consider myself a novelist, it just came out purely by accident.
I think that feeling that if one believed absolutely in any cause, then one must have the confidence, the self-certainty, to go through with that particular course of action.
I'm not one of those writers I learned about who get up in the morning, put a piece of paper in their typewriter machine and start writing. That I've never understood.
One thing I can tell you is this, that I am not a methodical writer.
One, a mass movement from within, which, as you know, is constantly being put down brutally but which, again, regroups and moves forward as is happening right now as we are speaking.
There are different kinds of artists and very often, I'll be very frank with you, I wish I were a different kind.
There's something about the theater which makes my fingertips tingle.
Very conscious of the fact that an effort was being made to destroy my mind, because I was deprived of books, deprived of any means of writing, deprived of human companionship. You never know how much you need it until you're deprived of it.
Well, first of all I'll say that I come alive best in theater.
Looking at faces of people, one gets the feeling there's a lot of work to be done.
I ceased using words like optimism and pessimism a long time ago.
Education is lacking in most of those who pontificate.
A war, with its attendant human suffering, must, when that evil is unavoidable, be made to fragment more than buildings: It must shatter the foundations of thought and re-create. Only in this way does every individual share in the cataclysm and understand the purpose of sacrifice.
The Nation of Islam provides an antidote in the United States to fundamentalist Islam - which is why individuals from America have to go abroad to find radical teachings.
We Nigerians must reclaim our sovereignty, our civic entitlements.
I cannot belong to a nation which permits such barbarities as stoning to death and amputation - I don't care what religion it is.
The blatant aggressiveness of theocracies I find distressing, because I grew up when Christians, Muslim and animists lived peacefully together.
I like to say, 'I spend one-third of my time in Nigeria, one-third in Europe or America, and one-third on a plane.'
Seven is the magic figure, because that's a symbolic figure of my favorite deity, Ogun.
When I write plays, I'm already seeing the shapes on stage, of the actors and their interaction, and so on and so forth. I don't think I've ever written one play as an abstract piece, as a literary piece, floating in the air somewhere, to be flushed out later on.
Before you're a writer, you're a citizen, a human being, and therefore the weapons of the citizen are at your disposal to use or not use.
I've always written plays for the purpose of getting something out of my system.
I'm not fond of biographies. I don't like writing about myself.
I don't have the sort of temperament that submits to Christianity or Islam.
Some people think the Nobel Prize makes you bullet-proof. I never had that illusion.
Books and all forms of writing have always been objects of terror to those who seek to suppress the truth.
One has a responsibility to clean up one's space and make it livable as far as one's own resources go. That includes not only material resources, but psychological resources: the commitment of time and a portion of your mind to something when you'd rather be doing something else.
An excessive amount of my time is taken with political involvement. It's unavoidable; that's my temperament.
In the world of literature, I see prizes as more of a duty to the craft itself, rather than as something for the individual.
You always assume for some strange reason that you need three meals a day.
There's no way to escape the culture that has evolved, from which we ourselves have evolved. Naturally, we stress it, break it up, reassemble it to suit our own needs. But it is there - a source of vital strength.
I'm not sure I'm trying to communicate a message. I'm just trying to be part of the movement away from the unacceptable present.
History teaches us to beware of the excitation of the liberated and the injustices that often accompany their righteous thirst for justice.
The Lagos of my childhood was a well-laid-out maritime city.
The phenomenon of creativity, we know, is closely related to the ability to yoke together separate, and even seemingly incompatible, matrices.
Some of the greatest uprisings and consequent civil wars in Mexico have centered squarely on the ownership of land.
Writers and intellectuals have a duty to humanity. It is to insist that the human entity remains the primary asset in overall development; thus, it must be safeguarded.
No writer has a right to make that much money. Indeed, without diabolical assistance, no writer can.
After the death of the sadistic dictator Gen. Sanni Abacha in 1998, Nigeria underwent a one-year transitional military administration headed by Gen. Abdulsalami Abubakar, who uncharacteristically bowed out precisely on the promised date for military disengagement. Did the military truly disengage, however? No.
Politics, I believe, is a full-time occupation.
My father was a schoolteacher, and so I had the advantage of both western educational instruction in the school, as well as what you might call the process of imbibing the traditional processes of education instruction around me.
The problem with literature, with writing, is that it works sometimes in terms of correction of social ills. Other times, it just does not suffice.
Military dictatorship, you can focus on it, you can fight it directly. It's a band of power-driven people.
Writing in certain environments carries with it an occupational risk.
All religions accept that there is something called 'criminality.' And criminality cannot be excused by religious fervour.
Those nations that say it's a crime to preach your religion are making a terrible mistake. All they're doing is driving underground other forms of spiritual intuitions and practices.
Trading and religion have always been aligned together in the history of the world, and especially on the African continent.
Probably to me the greatest singer, female voice, is Billie Holiday. And one of the most moving for me, I don't know why - maybe it's nostalgia, maybe because my life is one of constant partying, whatever.
There is something really horrific for any human being who feels he is being consumed by other people. I'm talking about a writer's critics, who don't address what you've written, but want to probe into your existence and magnify the trivia of your life without any sense of humor, without any sense of context.
There is not a special imposition on writers to be activists. All that does is encourage writers to write propaganda. Propaganda can be written by anybody, including dictators.
