Scottish,Actor
We all have a dinosaur deep within us just trying to get out.
I'm handsome, no ands, buts or ifs.
Nine out of ten Americans believe that out of ten people, one person will always disagree with the other nine!
Our top story tonight: Famous TV dolphin flipper was arrested today on prostitution ring charges. He allegedly was seen transporting two 16 year olds across state line for immoral porpoises.
As I get older, I'm trying to accept improvisation into my day-to-day living.
The people who influenced me most were the people who said I would never make it. They gave me a thirst for revenge.
I'm a traveling practical joker. That's my line of work.
To be a dramatic writer takes hard work, talent, and discipline. And that's why I just make up crap.
Hey, Ryan, if Sting retires, will he change his name to Stung?
Give me liberty or give me a bran muffin!
This just in: Beverly Hills 90210, Cleveland Browns 3.
As a kid I watched television 24 hours a day and loved every minute of it. The two shows that always make me laugh and are therefore my favourites are The Dick Van Dyke Show and Fawlty Towers.
My most important professional accomplishment to date is the ability to keep working with absolutely no skills whatsoever.
You know, in the 1970's, when I was in high school, I belonged to a band called the Happy Funk Band. Until an unfortunate typo caused us to be expelled from school.
I have many favorite artists... Van Gogh as one, but he didn't really sing a lot!
And if that isn't the truth, it would be a lie.
Give me liberty or a bran muffin!
I am such a pessimist that every project has surpassed what I envisioned.
I do enjoy working with Ryan although he owes me money.
I think the challenge is going out in front of a paying audience with absolutely nothing and trying to entertain them for two hours. Thankfully, I only think about that right before we go on, and then once we're out there, everything's fine.
Many people think it's in bad taste to advertise for an insane asylum... but come on down. We're going crazy.
My god! It's a hamster with explosives taped around it's waist!
Onstage I do all the stuff I'd never do in real life, like lashing out at people who make me mad or freaking out in a long bank lineup. Performing allows me to fulfill all the sicko fantasies I've ever had.
Please call your second witness, and then call your mother, she worries.
The Beatles, Rolling Stones, Barbra Streisand, Bruce Springsteen, these are just some of the people who threatened to sue if we used their songs.
There are so many things I'd like to change in the industry. Everything from the reliance of style over substance to their reluctance to hire me for big budget blockbusters, but the thing I would love most would be if they understood people don't have to be Hollywood beautiful to be sexy or interesting.
