Scottish,Novelist
To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved.
How strange this fear of death is! We are never frightened at a sunset.
If instead of a gem, or even a flower, we should cast the gift of a loving thought into the heart of a friend, that would be giving as the angels give.
It is our best work that God wants, not the dregs of our exhaustion. I think he must prefer quality to quantity.
To keep a lamp burning we have to keep putting oil in it.
Love is the opener as well as closer of eyes.
Forgiveness is the giving, and so the receiving, of life.
A beast does not know that he is a beast, and the nearer a man gets to being a beast, the less he knows it.
To have what we want is riches; but to be able to do without is power.
Afflictions are but the shadows of God's wings.
Few delights can equal the presence of one whom we trust utterly.
It is not in the nature of politics that the best men should be elected. The best men do not want to govern their fellowmen.
Age is not all decay; it is the ripening, the swelling, of the fresh life within, that withers and bursts the husk.
Man finds it hard to get what he wants, because he does not want the best; God finds it hard to give, because He would give the best, and man will not take it.
Anything large enough for a wish to light upon, is large enough to hang a prayer upon.
The more I work with the body, keeping my assumptions in a temporary state of reservation, the more I appreciate and sympathize with a given disease. The body no longer appears as a sick or irrational demon, but as a process with its own inner logic and wisdom.
The best preparation for the future is the present well seen to, and the last duty done.
There are thousands willing to do great things for one willing to do a small thing.
Friends, if we be honest with ourselves, we shall be honest with each other.
I find that doing of the will of God leaves me no time for disputing about His plans.
We die daily. Happy those who daily come to life as well.
It is not the cares of today, but the cares of tomorrow, that weigh a man down.
Attitudes are more important than facts.
When we are out of sympathy with the young, then I think our work in this world is over.
You can't live on amusement. It is the froth on water - an inch deep and then the mud.
Where there is no choice, we do well to make no difficulty.
