Scottish,Chef
I don't like looking back. I'm always constantly looking forward. I'm not the one to sort of sit and cry over spilt milk. I'm too busy looking for the next cow.
If you want to become a great chef, you have to work with great chefs. And that's exactly what I did.
The pressure on young chefs today is far greater than ever before in terms of social skills, marketing skills, cooking skills, personality and, more importantly, delivering on the plate. So you need to be strong. Physically fit. So my chefs get weighed every time they come into the kitchen.
Cooking is about passion, so it may look slightly temperamental in a way that it's too assertive to the naked eye.
As a soccer player, I wanted an FA Cup winner's medal. As an actor you want an Oscar. As a chef it's three-Michelin's stars, there's no greater than that. So pushing yourself to the extreme creates a lot of pressure and a lot of excitement, and more importantly, it shows on the plate.
I've had a lot of success; I've had failures, so I learn from the failure.
I am what I am. A fighter.
I suppose your security is your success and your key to success is your fine palate.
There's a bond among a kitchen staff, I think. You spend more time with your chef in the kitchen than you do with your own family.
I am a chef who happens to appear on the telly, that's it.
When you cook under pressure you trade perfection.
The minute you start compromising for the sake of massaging somebody's ego, that's it, game over.
Swearing is industry language. For as long as we're alive it's not going to change. You've got to be boisterous to get results.
When you're a chef, you graze. You never get a chance to sit down and eat. They don't actually sit down and eat before you cook. So when I finish work, the first thing I'll do, and especially when I'm in New York, I'll go for a run. And I'll run 10 or 15k on my - and I run to gain my appetite.
I don't think it's a good advert for any restaurant, a fat chef, and secondly, who wants to eat a dessert when the chef's a fat pig.
I cook, I create, I'm incredibly excited by what I do, I've still got a lot to achieve.
I still love football, though, and I think cooking is like football. It's not a job, it's a passion. When you become good at it, it's a dream job and financially you need never to worry. Ever.
I think every chef, not just in America, but across the world, has a double-edged sword - two jackets, one that's driven, a self-confessed perfectionist, thoroughbred, hate incompetence and switch off the stove, take off the jacket and become a family man.
When you find a guy who is powerful, a big father figure, you latch onto him immediately.
Chefs are nutters. They're all self-obsessed, delicate, dainty, insecure little souls and absolute psychopaths. Every last one of them.
You don't come into cooking to get rich.
I'm Gordon Ramsay, for goodness sake: people know I'm volatile.
We are about creating a new wave of talent. We are the Manchester United of kitchens now. Am I playing full-time in the kitchen? I am a player-coach.
Kitchens are hard environments and they form incredibly strong characters.
I've never been a hands-on dad. I'm not ashamed to admit it, but you can't run a restaurant and be home for tea at 4:30 and bath and change nappies.
If I can give you one strong piece of advice, when you go away for that romantic weekend, whatever you do, do not accept or take the upgrade to the honeymoon suite.
I'm not trying to take New York by storm. I just want to sneak in there, keep my head down, batten down the hatches and cook.
You know how arrogant the French are - extraordinary.
I am the most unselfish chef in Britain today.
Running started as a way of relaxing. It's the only time I have to myself. No phones or e-mails or faxes.
My father was a swim teacher. We used to swim before school, swim after school.
I shoot from the hip.
I'd like to think I'm a great teacher.
No one saw the recession coming.
