Scottish,Novelist
I enjoy the freedom of the blank page.
I grew up in a place where everybody was a storyteller, but nobody wrote. It was that kind of Celtic, storytelling tradition: everybody would have a story at the pub or at parties, even at the clubs and raves.
I'd always liked to read, but when I picked up books I wasn't getting the same kind of excitement from them that I was from going out clubbing. I wanted to get the same kind of feel.
We have to give feminism a shot. Out of sheer self preservation, we have to stand aside and let women run the show.
In my flat in Chicago, I've got this big room with an office in the corner and a balcony so I can watch people go by.
Words should have the power to inform and to move, not the power to send people scurrying away. But if you attach that much emotional energy to a word, it gives people the power to hurt each other.
Middle-class people worry a lot about money. They worry a lot about job security, and they do a lot of nine-to-five stuff.
The first job of a writer is to be honest.
I tried to write 'Trainspotting' in standard English, but people weren't talking like that.
That's the kind of consumer society we live in. We're always looking for the next product that's going to change your life instead of just going out and changing your life.
The idea of just sitting at home on Facebook worries me. I think we should all get out more.
I'm a failed musician rather than a successful writer.
I think young writers should get other degrees first, social sciences, arts degrees or even business degrees. What you learn is research skills, a necessity because a lot of writing is about trying to find information.
I just love the weather. I live on Miami Beach, which is all boutique hotels and cocktails. I do sometimes go along to smart parties in my white suit, but I wouldn't really recognise any famous people if they were there because I'm not very good at star-spotting.
There's all this stuff that is happening in Edinburgh now, it's a sad attempt to create an Edinburgh society, similar to a London society, a highbrow literature celebrity society.
From 'Trainspotting' to 'Acid House,' I moved from urban realism into fantasy.
Television has become the government, priest, psychotherapist - the legitimiser of our egos.
I just want to get on and tell stories.
When I started off with Trainspotting, it was the way the characters came to me. That's how they sounded to me. It seemed pretentious to sound any other way. I wasn't making any kind of political statement.
I'm always watching people over a short time frame, putting them in an extreme position. Sometimes you don't see the humanity in a person because the time frame is so short and the circumstance so extreme.
What worries me is the professionalism of everything.
It's part of me, Scotland. I'm still immersed in it even though I am not there.
It's really odd that I've got this kind of sullen reputation - I never saw myself that way.
I spend so much time on the screen when I am writing, the last thing you want to do is spend more time on the Internet looking at a screen. That's what I hate about all this technology.
Basically, particularly in Britain, it's a hegemonic thing that people who write tend to come from the leisure classes. They can afford the time and the books.
Every kind of book I've written has been written in a different way. There has not been any set time for writing, any set way, I haven't re-invented the process every time but I almost have.
I'm the worst employee in the world. I'll cheat and steal time and resources from my employer, although I'll con everybody into believing I'm essential to the operation.
I'm the worst employer I could wish for because I push myself hard.
When I left school at 16, I became an apprentice television and radio technician, and was paid £17 a week, which was decent money in 1976. But the job turned sour when I gave myself an electric shock while repairing a television set.
I left Edinburgh to follow the London punk scene in 1978, singing and playing guitar in various bands. My income was sporadic, so I did anything to eke out some kind of subsistence - laying down slabs, working as a kitchen porter.
It's very difficult to be objective about yourself and your own circumstances, but one thing I do know about is that I grew up surrounded by storytellers.
Everybody in my family were great storytellers. My dad and his brothers would just go on and on; they could tell amazing stories. I think it was something to do with the Celtic, oral storytelling tradition. People very much had that propensity towards telling tales.
The idea is not enough. And the most annoying thing for me as a writer is that people will come up to me and say, 'Hey, I've got a great idea for a book. I'm not a writer, but I've got a great story.'
A lot of people pulled me up after 'Trainspotting' for its absence of politics, but the argument I make is that the absence of politics is political as well.
Before I started writing, I'd never read much fiction. I was more interested in non-fiction. I'm taking the same approach to theatre: I can operate from a position of ignorance and make up my own rules instead of being bound by customs and practice.
So many people have become divorced from the system, criminalised by their lifestyle.
You can't satirise darts, because it's hyper-real as it is; there's already enough over-the-top madness to it.
I think that every project offers an opportunity to reinvent process as well as content.
Sometimes I work purely 8-12 shifts, banging stuff into the computer. Other times, my office is like a scene from a detective movie, with Post-it Notes, plans, photographs all stuck on the walls and arrows going everywhere, and it's 4 A.M.
I don't perceive an audience at all when I write a book. It's pure self-indulgence.
I think the novel is at one end of the art-entertainment continuum - the play in the middle - while TV and cinema veer a bit more towards entertainment.
It's been a good thing for me to try and understand America.
People either think I'm this totally savage, idiot-savant genius guy who's lucked out or they think I'm a super-manipulative crafty businessman, this kind of MBA guy who's spotted a gap in the market and knows how to create a product for it. It's flattering, but I've not got that much of a gameplan.
I used to sit on the Circle Line and go 'round and 'round and write.
Underground people pay a desperate toll finding out things nobody else has discovered yet. We run around like headless chickens looking for the next cultural fix to spiral around in before it gets appropriated somewhere else and becomes something it never was. There's this sort of one-upmanship in the underground.
We want to feel hyper-alive, and it's like, the more cartoonish and grotesque the level we can operate at, the better. It's like the world we live in has become quite safe in a lot of ways, and it has become harder to genuinely transgress. But the desire to transgress is a real feeling.
As soon as you've written it, you're thinking about how it can move into different mediums.
The '90s was a decade of mundane market-consumer nothingness where there was nothing coming up from the streets; you just had someone in an office deciding what was cool.
Filmmaking is a much more collaborative thing than literature, so you know you're going to be working with a group of people at the start. You know it's going to be a compromise.
For 'Filth,' we had about 12 producers on the thing. The opening credits go on for months. Most of them are actually financers rather than producers. And the only way that we could raise the budget without interference from a studio was to have a lot of different financers on board.
You're on your own with the book. And while you are writing fiction, you're spending all this time with people who don't actually exist, which is just madness.
Everyone needs some kind of compelling drama in their life, basically.
I'm probably a natural uncle. I can take the kids out and have fun with them and look after them, and I can be Mr. Popular. But actually having to do the grind? That stuff just doesn't appeal at all.
I've been doing a bit of screenwriting and producing, and even a bit of directing.
In America, Miramax are using a 'New York Times' review that said 'Trainspotting' makes 'Kids' look like a 1960s episode of 'Sesame Street.'
I'm trying to make really flawed characters that have got redeeming features so people can say, 'I don't really like that character, but I can understand a bit where they've come from.'
I think a lot of people want me to be like the characters in the books: they want that kind of congruence.
The older you get, the less physically and mentally robust you become.
A lot of my characters are anti-heroes that became heroes.
There's something about the modern era where it's very hard to transgress - we're all so online, easier to track by mobile phone - so you have people who do it on your behalf.
Writing is such a good thing to do because you can't really get bored with it. If you're bored with writing, you're bored with life.
Everybody that writes has their own area of inquiry. And mine has always been kind of, why is it that when life can be so hard and difficult, we compound it by self-sabotage, doing terrible things? That's always been my main area of inquiry, and it does lead you to dark places.
I come up with a blurb at the beginning, but the book will always be completely different by the time it's finished. They say, 'Where's the book you were going to write?' And I say, 'Forget about it. It doesn't exist.'
Writing has been handed to me on a plate.
If you're going to do something that's going to cause offence to people, you're always going to get a reaction.
What happens when you get any kind of entrenched power is that it just becomes kind of corrupt and self-serving.
How can you be inspired by Cameron and Miliband? These guys are just drabness personified.
Politicians are so... detested; they don't actually walk amongst people now.
There is nothing, really, that I wouldn't write about, and I do write about a lot of grim things.
I think the silences we have on some issues are inductive of the fact that we need to write about them more, but I think there are some issues you have to write in a sensitive way and in a way that respects the reality of the situation. If you can't do that, you should leave them alone.
When you go away, you see where you come from in a different light. I see Scotland, and the rest of Britain, as much more exotic than I used to.
When a town doesn't have a book store, it is like something is missing, and unfortunately, fewer and fewer have them.
People in Scotland want the parliament but don't give a toss about the elections.
People should be able to express their culture without getting into all that chauvinistic thing.
It's ironic that the growth of Scottish nationalism has precipitated in the English the sort of hand-wringing the Scots have always done over who they are.
People think if you're working class, there has to be some fascist element underneath.
Music helps me immeasurably in the writing process.
I make out a play list for every character and buy the records they would listen to; it helps me find their personas. What they play, where they stay, who they lay, is my matrix for character development.
I have a lot of successful musician pals, and as I get older, I find that I'm lucky to be a writer. I have great anonymity compared to musicians who sell the same number of records as I do books.
I just write the stuff I want to at the time, what feels right for me.
We've become used to processing images that are part of the non-linear narrative theory. I think there's a thinner line between fantasy and normality. People spend much more time in their own heads now. There's so much to conform to, so many influences coming at you.
I think what you call 'metropolitan America' - as in San Francisco, New York and Los Angeles - I think there's more awareness of the atypical, while in more traditional Britain, there's the kitchen-sink dramas and thrillers. It's more formulaic.
You know what it's like: you don't want to read your old books again. All you can see are the flaws, what you would do differently.
I'm not really a mainstream novelist!
Writers in Britain aren't really celebrities. You become kind of a darling of a small set.
One of the things you want as a successful writer is the anonymity.
I go to the gym and work through a routine. But if you see someone with a personal trainer, you know they do 10 times more than you do. You give up your sense of identity. If you watch 'The Biggest Loser,' you see people give up their identity to become something else.
Dean Owens is Scotland's most engaging and haunting singer-songwriter.
Holy Joy were a cult '80s band led by the wonderful songwriting genius that is Johny Brown.
I would never have written 'Trainspotting' if it hadn't been for this album, 'Raw Power,' and 'Metallic K.O.'
'True Detective' was the last show I got crazy about, with its 'Silence of the Lambs'-style landscape and those strip mall badlands of America.
I've eaten ice cream from all over the world, but until you've tasted Graham's from Geneva, Illinois, you haven't had ice cream at all.
Boxing gives you such a good workout, although I've stopped sparring. When your hand speed goes, you're going to get caught, and you can't afford to take cumulative smacks on the chops when you're a writer.
Hugo Boss is my kind of label.
The cultural war of words has actually been won by the most dispossessed people in the Western world, the urban American blacks.
Rebellion is always going to fascinate, as it's always packaged in a very safe way.
It's very hard to transgress; we have the furniture of transgression without the imagery and iconography to actually do it.
