Scottish,Politician
Schools are not exam factories for the rat race.
It's true across the U.K. that those who had least to do with causing the economic crisis are carrying the heaviest burden. That's unacceptable.
What I will say will not always please you, but what I say will always be honest and true and how I genuinely see it.
With the emergence of the Internet, it has become possible for creative and bold people with focus and determination to establish businesses in some of our remotest communities. But these will not work if they do not have reliable transport routes responding to the impatient modern customer.
We will renew our party, to rebuild our land - and we will do it by being a better Labour, real Labour, Scottish Labour.
We shall seek debate without division or rancour.
There is a danger of Scottish politics being between two sets of dinosaurs... the Nationalists who can't accept they were rejected by the people, and some colleagues at Westminster who think nothing has changed.
My uncle was skipper on the old Claymore sailing out from Oban to the Inner Hebrides. My father worked for MacBraynes all his life, on freight boats and then on ferries crossing to Skye, Barra, Uist, the small isles and Iona.
Scotland is my country, the nation that shaped me, that taught me my values. A nation whose achievements inspired and inspire me, a community whose failings drive me - drive my overwhelming desire to fight for social justice and equality.
I will not promise what I cannot deliver. And I will never hide the cost of what I propose.
Maybe I was just born to argue with men.
My biggest ambition is to bring together what happens in the real world with what politicians talk about.
My working life has always been wrapped up in doing my job to the best of my abilities and doing the best for my family. It is not a contest between the two.
The government don't want to talk about the consequences of the choices they make. They pretend there aren't any consequences.
Our task is a great one, not just because of how far we have fallen. Our task is a great one because of the challenges facing the people we seek to serve.
While I'm leader, nothing will be off limits - there will not be one policy, one rule, one way of working which cannot be changed.
I've got a very deep and abiding passion about education being far more than buildings and textbooks; it's what children bring into school with them.
Telling the truth, and confronting the challenge, is what politics is about.
My Scottish Labour Party is a crusade - to fight poverty, inequality and injustice.
Progressive politics is not something to be bolted on to another cause.
The Scottish Labour Party, while I have breath in my body, will listen to the views of trade unionists.
I'm pretty proud of having completed a marathon myself, so I can only imagine the pride that real athletes feel when they are picked for the Olympic or the Paralympic Games.
We must listen and learn, show humility and seek again to talk for and to people's ambitions and concerns.
We do students a great disservice by implying that one set of students is more important than another.
I got a very strong sense from my mother, in particular, that we are all equal in the sight of God.
If I have learned one thing in life, it is never to take any man's own estimate of himself. He could very well be mistaken.
I'd always step up to the mark to serve the people of the country.
We need to find a way of having a conversation across the parties on how you fund local government.
I made a different decision to send my children to the local state school.
The idea that an independent Scotland - having separated assets and liabilities from the rest of the U.K. - would expect the rest of the U.K. to be a lender of last resort, and of course be kind to them, doesn't make any sense.
The next phase is to 2016, and yes, I want to be First Minister because I believe I have the life experience, and I've got a commitment to change.
I don't agree with the Tories on most things.
Those of us who were part of creating the Scottish parliament believe we must always test constitutional arrangements. The real test is where do the powers lie? Is it in the best interests of Scotland?
As a youngster, I travelled every year across the sea to Tiree. On occasion, we ventured to Skye on the Kyleakin-Kyle of Lochalsh ferry, where there is now a bridge.
In my mind, the CalMac ferry is linked with the joy of arrival, the sadness of departure, the loss of loved ones brought home by ferry to rest in island soil. It is friendships made and a working life begun.
When universities are forced to recruit more and more from outwith Scotland just to balance the books, it is inevitable that doors are being slammed shut on some of our brightest talent.
We have a government that boasts about free education. Those of us who have scratched below the surface know it is costing us by denying opportunities for others to attend college or university.
We won't enshrine the Tories' policies in Scotland. We won't run away from the Tories but then let them run our economy. We will face up to the Tories, and we will beat them.
Social injustice is what puts Scotland at its greatest disadvantage, and restoring the 50p tax rate will start to fight that.
Fair tax does not mean we don't want to encourage wealth creation. Wealth creation is how we raise the money to pay for world class schools and hospitals, for proper care of the weak, and dignity for the elderly.
Our politics is about people not flags.
