Scottish,Actor
There is nothing like a challenge to bring out the best in man.
There's always a new challenge to keep you motivated.
Love may not make the world go round, but I must admit that it makes the ride worthwhile.
I have always hated that damn James Bond. I'd like to kill him.
I don't think there is anything particularly wrong in hitting a woman, though I don't recommend you do it the same way that you hit a man.
If America had been discovered as many times as I have, no one would remember Columbus.
Laughter kills fear, and without fear there can be no faith. For without fear of the devil there is no need for God.
I met my wife through playing golf. She is French and couldn't speak English and I couldn't speak French, so there was little chance of us getting involved in any boring conversations - that's why we got married really quickly.
Scotland should be nothing less than equal with all the other nations of the world.
Perhaps I'm not a good actor, but I would be even worse at doing anything else.
There are women who take it to the wire. That's what they are looking for, the ultimate confrontation. They want a smack.
I care about Bond and what happens to him. You cannot be connected with a character for this long and not have an interest. All the Bond films had their good points.
You know, the Oscar I was awarded for The Untouchables is a wonderful thing, but I can honestly say that I'd rather have won the U.S. Open Golf Tournament.
I never trashed a hotel room or did drugs.
More than anything else, I'd like to be an old man with a good face, like Hitchcock or Picasso.
Some age, others mature.
I like women. I don't understand them, but I like them.
I admit I'm being paid well, but it's no more than I deserve. After all, I've been screwed more times than a hooker.
I'm an actor - it's not brain surgery. If I do my job right, people won't ask for their money back.
Your background and environment is with you for life. No question about that.
I am not an Englishman, I was never an Englishman, and I don't ever want to be one. I am a Scotsman! I was a Scotsman and I will always be one.
I don't know anything about baseball.
There's one major difference between James Bond and me. He is able to sort out problems!
I don't understand if you get caught in a fight, but take it out on a room, how that implies some psychiatric disorder.
I haven't found anywhere in the world where I want to be all the time. The best of my life is the moving. I look forward to going.
I just think the most difficult thing to displace is privilege.
