Scottish,Musician
We are supposed to enjoy the good stuff now, while we can, with the people we love. Life has a funny way of teaching us that lesson over and over again.
Disco is just pop music you can dance to.
Even if your job is a professional singer, we still dork out at home.
Every time I show up to do something here it's considered a comeback. If I came into town and they didn't call it that, I'd be disappointed.
Even though I pretty much made my own decisions early on, when I was younger I tended to overbook my life.
I have lived in the United States for half of my life, my entire adult life.
I'm a terrible dancer. The worst.
I'm definitely a pop artist at heart.
I'm just passionately in love with my kids.
I'm terrible at relationships. I consider myself to be smart and a good mother but it's taken me this long to realise you don't have to marry a guy after three days or dump him.
If I have no children what would be the point of living.
If I was still at school, I'd be looking at Britney Spears and dying to be her.
Prince used to call me up 3am in the morning and invite me to hear some of his new songs.
Proving I'm a good mother is the one achievement I'm most proud of. It's brought out the best in me.
When you're single and in your 20s, you throw on a pair of jeans and look fabulous.
When my kids are in college, maybe I'll drag my fishnets and high heels out.
When I was working with David Cassidy at the Rio, I made an album of updated versions of some 1970s disco tunes. I had a blast.
The whole world has changed much since the '80's. In the united States, rap music and country music dominate radio and that certainly wasn't the case in the early '80's.
My sole focus as far back as I can remember was all about my dream to become a singer.
My mother has never been involved in my professional life. I am very close to my mother but we keep it on a mother-daughter basis and not a work-related basis.
It's very validating when you are new in the industry to get awards. It boosts your self-esteem.
It's nice to have been around long enough to be a part of people's lives. A lot of people who come to my show are real nostalgic for the '80s.
I'd love to a duet with Luther Vandross.
I wouldn't consciously pursue trying to make something for the charts. It's just not in my scope now. I'd rather stick needles in my eyes.
I would make tea for Joni Mitchell or clean her car, anything to be in the studio and watch her work.
I was blessed in the sense that I got handed so much early on in life. I got a lot of the things people go through their 20s and 30s craving.
