Scottish,Novelist
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
Unless a tree has borne blossoms in spring, you will vainly look for fruit on it in autumn.
O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
Many miles away there's a shadow on the door of a cottage on the Shore of a dark Scottish lake.
Look back, and smile on perils past.
A rusty nail placed near a faithful compass, will sway it from the truth, and wreck the argosy.
We build statues out of snow, and weep to see them melt.
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
Success - keeping your mind awake and your desire asleep.
He is the best sailor who can steer within fewest points of the wind, and exact a motive power out of the greatest obstacles.
It is wonderful what strength of purpose and boldness and energy of will are roused by the assurance that we are doing our duty.
If a farmer fills his barn with grain, he gets mice. If he leaves it empty, he gets actors.
Teach your children poetry; it opens the mind, lends grace to wisdom and makes the heroic virtues hereditary.
To all, to each, a fair good-night, and pleasing dreams, and slumbers light.
Each age has deemed the new-born year the fittest time for festal cheer.
Faces that have charmed us the most escape us the soonest.
The race of mankind would perish did they cease to aid each other. We cannot exist without mutual help. All therefore that need aid have a right to ask it from their fellow-men; and no one who has the power of granting can refuse it without guilt.
All men who have turned out worth anything have had the chief hand in their own education.
O! many a shaft, at random sent, Finds mark the archer little meant! And many a word, at random spoken, May soothe or wound a heart that's broken!
What I have to say is far more important than how long my eyelashes are.
To the timid and hesitating everything is impossible because it seems so.
A lawyer without history or literature is a mechanic, a mere working mason; if he possesses some knowledge of these, he may venture to call himself an architect.
What is a diary as a rule? A document useful to the person who keeps it. Dull to the contemporary who reads it and invaluable to the student, centuries afterwards, who treasures it.
One hour of life, crowded to the full with glorious action, and filled with noble risks, is worth whole years of those mean observances of paltry decorum, in which men steal through existence, like sluggish waters through a marsh, without either honor or observation.
Discretion is the perfection of reason, and a guide to us in all the duties of life.
When thinking about companions gone, we feel ourselves doubly alone.
