French,Novelist
It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves - in finding themselves.
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for something you are not.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Through loyalty to the past, our mind refuses to realize that tomorrow's joy is possible only if today's makes way for it; that each wave owes the beauty of its line only to the withdrawal of the preceding one.
The sole art that suits me is that which, rising from unrest, tends toward serenity.
Know thyself. A maxim as pernicious as it is ugly. Whoever studies himself arrest his own development. A caterpillar who seeks to know himself would never become a butterfly.
The most beautiful things are those that madness prompts and reason writes.
Fish die belly upward, and rise to the surface. Its their way of falling.
Most quarrels amplify a misunderstanding.
There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them.
A straight path never leads anywhere except to the objective.
Sin is whatever obscures the soul.
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it.
The most gifted natures are perhaps also the most trembling.
The most decisive actions of life are most often unconsidered actions.
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again.
The most important things to say are those which often I did not think necessary for me to say - because they were too obvious.
It is easier to lead men to combat, stirring up their passion, than to restrain them and direct them toward the patient labors of peace.
I owe much to my friends; but, all things considered, it strikes me that I owe even more to my enemies. The real person springs life under a sting even better than under a caress.
Nothing prevents happiness like the memory of happiness.
Complete possession is proved only by giving. All you are unable to give possesses you.
There is no prejudice that the work of art does not finally overcome.
Art is the collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
The color of truth is gray.
One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
