English,Novelist
Once you get into the world of dystopia, it's hard to avoid plagiarism, because other people have had such powerful visions.
I believe that, by and large, people are good and everybody you meet is more likely to surprise you in a positive way than in a negative way.
Writing about magic is harder than writing about spies because you're dealing with something that doesn't really exist.
I'm not happy unless I have a pen in my hand, it's really that simple.
I love the idea that magic and witchcraft and battles between supernatural creatures could be raging all around us but just out of our sight.
My generation has left the globe in a mess.
If you are going to be a writer, you have to have self-belief, every writer gets rejections, they say the difference between a successful and unsuccessful writer is an unsuccessful writer gives up, if you keep going you will succeed.
I have a great belief in not doing anything unless I'm passionate about it.
My greatest fear is disappointing the reader, so each book has to be better than the one before.
My father was aloof, very strange and very distant.
My favourite part of writing a book is thinking up the ideas, and that can start a long time before I actually sit down at my desk.
I'm not very good at creating worlds. I prefer to write about the world as it is.
Do I believe in the devil? I don't believe in a figure with horns and a tail.
A children's author on a soapbox is not a pleasant sight but I have become drawn into issues, slightly unwillingly, relating to young people, literacy and youth justice: just look at the number of young people we have locked up in prison, and the uselessness of it.
Authors have odd relationships with their creations They owe their fame and fortune to their characters but feel enslaved by them.
I fear dying in the middle of a book. It would be so annoying to write 80,000 words and not get to the end. I'm phobic about it. So when I'm writing a book I leave messages all over the house for people to know how the story ends, and then someone can finish it for me.
I'm not a huge fan of prequels and sequels and the cynical rush to make money on the back of books by other writers who are now dead.
As a children's author, reviewers are generally very nice to you. I only ever wrote one adult book and received such a kicking for it that I was in trauma for the next six months.
There's something very strange about Sherlock Holmes, especially if you're an English schoolboy. When you read the stories, they stay with you forever.
My writing has always been what you call 'narrative fiction' in the sense that it's got very strong plots and twists at the end.
It's hard to write when you think every sentence is going to be read by a million kids.
I vividly remember being 14. That was the age when I started to get happy: I started being a writer and stopped being a loser.
It is, of course, traditional in children's literature to get rid of the parents.
My perfect reader doesn't just read - he or she devours books.
I start work at 7 A.M. and write all day, seven days a week. If I don't write, I can't sleep.
I love writing different things.
