English,Novelist
What is the good of your stars and trees, your sunrise and the wind, if they do not enter into our daily lives?
We cast a shadow on something wherever we stand.
Railway termini are our gates to the glorious and the unknown. Through them we pass out into adventure and sunshine, to them, alas! we return.
The four characteristics of humanism are curiosity, a free mind, belief in good taste, and belief in the human race.
We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Think before you speak is criticism's motto; speak before you think, creation's.
The only books that influence us are those for which we are ready, and which have gone a little farther down our particular path than we have yet got ourselves.
The king died and then the queen died is a story. The king died, and then queen died of grief is a plot.
At night, when the curtains are drawn and the fire flickers, my books attain a collective dignity.
Letters have to pass two tests before they can be classed as good: they must express the personality both of the writer and of the recipient.
The English countryside, its growth and its destruction, is a genuine and tragic theme.
The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.
Only a struggle twists sentimentality and lust together into love.
Reverence is fatal to literature.
Tolerance is a very dull virtue. It is boring. Unlike love, it has always had a bad press. It is negative. It merely means putting up with people, being able to stand things.
The fact is we can only love what we know personally. And we cannot know much. In public affairs, in the rebuilding of civilization, something less dramatic and emotional is needed, namely tolerance.
Ideas are fatal to caste.
Charm, in most men and nearly all women, is a decoration.
Works of art, in my opinion, are the only objects in the material universe to possess internal order, and that is why, though I don't believe that only art matters, I do believe in Art for Art's sake.
Surely the only sound foundation for a civilization is a sound state of mind.
The sadness of the incomplete, the sadness that is often Life, but should never be Art.
For our vanity is such that we hold our own characters immutable, and we are slow to acknowledge that they have changed, even for the better.
Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.
Life is easy to chronicle, but bewildering to practice.
How can I know what I think till I see what I say?
To make us feel small in the right way is a function of art; men can only make us feel small in the wrong way.
I am so used to seeing the sort of play which deals with one man and two women. They do not leave me with the feeling I have made a full theatrical meal they do not give me the experience of the multiplicity of life.
The final test for a novel will be our affection for it, as it is the test of our friends, and of anything else which we cannot define.
Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
We are not concerned with the very poor. They are unthinkable, and only to be approached by the statistician or the poet.
Most quarrels are inevitable at the time; incredible afterwards.
There lies at the back of every creed something terrible and hard for which the worshipper may one day be required to suffer.
Unless we remember we cannot understand.
We are willing enough to praise freedom when she is safely tucked away in the past and cannot be a nuisance. In the present, amidst dangers whose outcome we cannot foresee, we get nervous about her, and admit censorship.
The historian must have some conception of how men who are not historians behave. Otherwise he will move in a world of the dead. He can only gain that conception through personal experience, and he can only use his personal experiences when he is a genius.
Very notable was his distinction between coarseness and vulgarity, coarseness, revealing something; vulgarity, concealing something.
Creative writers are always greater than the causes that they represent.
A poem is true if it hangs together. Information points to something else. A poem points to nothing but itself.
Beauty ought to look a little surprised: it is the emotion that best suits her face. The beauty who does not look surprised, who accepts her position as her due - she reminds us too much of a prima donna.
Logic! Good gracious! What rubbish!
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
So, two cheers for Democracy: one because it admits variety and two because it permits criticism.
People have their own deaths as well as their own lives, and even if there is nothing beyond death, we shall differ in our nothingness.
We are all like Scheherazade's husband, in that we want to know what happens next.
One is certain of nothing but the truth of one's own emotions.
If there is on earth a house with many mansions, it is the house of words.
Paganism is infectious, more infectious than diphtheria or piety.
I have no mystic faith in the people. I have in the individual.
Only people who have been allowed to practise freedom can have the grown-up look in their eyes.
The people I respect most behave as if they were immortal and as if society was eternal.
One of the evils of money is that it tempts us to look at it rather than at the things that it buys.
It is the vice of a vulgar mind to be thrilled by bigness.
I am certainly an ought and not a must.
One marvels why the middle classes still insist on so much discomfort for their children at such expense to themselves.
The sort of poetry I seek resides in objects man can't touch.
I never could get on with representative individuals but people who existed on their own account and with whom it might therefore be possible to be friends.
Oxford is Oxford: not a mere receptacle for youth, like Cambridge. Perhaps it wants its inmates to love it rather than to love one another.
Liking one person is an extra reason for liking another.
England has always been disinclined to accept human nature.
No man can be an agnostic who has a sense of humour.
The work of art assumes the existence of the perfect spectator, and is indifferent to the fact that no such person exists.
Either life entails courage, or it ceases to be life.
