American,Novelist
Style is knowing who you are, what you want to say, and not giving a damn.
At any given moment, public opinion is a chaos of superstition, misinformation and prejudice.
I'm not a conspiracy theorist - I'm a conspiracy analyst.
There is no human problem which could not be solved if people would simply do as I advise.
On 16 September 1985, when the Commerce Department announced that the United States had become a debtor nation, the American Empire died.
Think of the earth as a living organism that is being attacked by billions of bacteria whose numbers double every forty years. Either the host dies, or the virus dies, or both die.
It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail.
I'm exactly as I appear. There is no warm, lovable person inside. Beneath my cold exterior, once you break the ice, you find cold water.
Envy is the central fact of American life.
I never miss a chance to have sex or appear on television.
Write something, even if it's just a suicide note.
Half of the American people have never read a newspaper. Half never voted for President. One hopes it is the same half.
Never have children, only grandchildren.
We must declare ourselves, become known; allow the world to discover this subterranean life of ours which connects kings and farm boys, artists and clerks. Let them see that the important thing is not the object of love, but the emotion itself.
The four most beautiful words in our common language: I told you so.
To a man, ornithologists are tall, slender, and bearded so that they can stand motionless for hours, imitating kindly trees, as they watch for birds.
Actually, I can't remember when I was not writing.
History is nothing but gossip about the past, with the hope that it might be true.
Americans have no idea of the extent of their government's mischief... the number of military strikes we have made unprovoked, against other countries, since 1947 is more than 250.
I'm a fervent foe of water pollution, whether it is our own Hudson River or Philadelphia's tap water.
A racial or religious or tribal identity is a kind of fact.
After the French Revolution, the world money power shifted from Paris to London. For three generations, the British maintained an old-fashioned colonial empire, as well as a modern empire based on London's primacy in the money markets.
We are the United States of Amnesia, which is encouraged by a media that has no desire to tell us the truth about anything, serving their corporate masters who have other plans to dominate us.
As for civil liberties, any one who is not vigilant may one day find himself living, if not in a police state, at least in a police city.
Overcrowding in the cities is producing a collective madness in which irrational violence flourishes because man needs more space in which to be than the modern city allows.
Any American who is prepared to run for president should automatically, by definition, be disqualified from ever doing so.
The unfed mind devours itself.
I think I have a normal threshold of anger, but it's true that I am, by nature, belligerent.
You cannot deprive somebody of life, liberty, pursuit of happiness, because that is a right - constitutional right.
It is a paradox of the acquisitive society in which we now live that although private morals are regulated by law, the entrepreneur is allowed considerable freedom to use - and abuse - the public in order to make money.
In writing and politicking, it's best not to think about it, just do it.
The greatest pleasure when I started making money was not buying cars or yachts but finding myself able to have as many freshly typed drafts as possible.
I'm all for bringing back the birch, but only between consenting adults.
The United States is a madhouse.
Didn't George Washington say, 'He who controls Afghanistan will carry New Jersey?'
What the Kinseyites and I had in common so long ago was the knowledge that homosexual and heterosexual behavior are natural to all mammals, and that what differs from individual to individual is the balance between these two complementary but not necessarily conflicted drives.
Jack Kennedy very much enjoyed Fletcher Knebel's thriller 'Seven Days in May,' later a film. The story: a jingo based on the real-life Admiral Arthur Radford plans a military coup to take over the White House.
It is always a delicate matter, when a friend or acquaintance becomes president.
American history has fallen more and more into the hands of academics.
I could be a lot happier. I could be the senator from Aerospace taking bribes, and be quite happy.
To invent a war means that you've become a wartime president, and you can suspend much if not all of the Bill of Rights.
While campaigning, I got to know many high-school teachers, and let me say that the good ones are the unsung heroes of our society, and the bad ones are the gravediggers.
It is true, as Sartre once wrote, referring to French Army atrocities in Algeria, that the real tragedy in our time is that any of us can be, interchangeably, victim or torturer.
Anybody who is stupid enough to want to be remembered deserves to be forgotten right now.
Temperamentally, I am suspicious of belonging to anything. When I ran for office, I debated seriously whether or not to run as an independent because I was not eager to be saddled with the Democratic Party, because any party label is committing.
The more money an American accumulates, the less interesting he becomes.
A narcissist is someone better looking than you are.
Whenever a friend succeeds, a little something in me dies.
Litigation takes the place of sex at middle age.
Until the rise of American advertising, it never occurred to anyone anywhere in the world that the teenager was a captive in a hostile world of adults.
All children alarm their parents, if only because you are forever expecting to encounter yourself.
One is sorry one could not have taken both branches of the road. But we were not allotted multiple selves.
What is in question is a kind of book reviewing which seems to be more and more popular: the loose putting down of opinions as though they were facts, and the treating of facts as though they were opinions.
Television is now so desperately hungry for material that they're scraping the top of the barrel.
The theater needs continual reminders that there is nothing more debasing than the work of those who do well what is not worth doing at all.
Some writers take to drink, others take to audiences.
Andy Warhol is the only genius I've ever known with an I.Q. of 60.
What other culture could have produced someone like Hemingway and not seen the joke?
By the time a man gets to be presidential material, he's been bought ten times over.
Fifty percent of people won't vote, and fifty percent don't read newspapers. I hope it's the same fifty percent.
There's a lot to be said for being nouveau riche, and the Reagans mean to say it all.
The corporate grip on opinion in the United States is one of the wonders of the Western world. No First World country has ever managed to eliminate so entirely from its media all objectivity - much less dissent.
We're not a democracy.
The behaviour of President Bush on 11 September certainly gives rise to not unnatural suspicions.
Now you have people in Washington who have no interest in the country at all. They're interested in their companies, their corporations grabbing Caspian oil.
That loyal retainer of the Chase Manhattan Bank, the American president.
In America, the race goes to the loud, the solemn, the hustler. If you think you're a great writer, you must say that you are.
There is no such thing as a homosexual or a heterosexual person. There are only homo- or heterosexual acts. Most people are a mixture of impulses if not practices.
It is the spirit of the age to believe that any fact, no matter how suspect, is superior to any imaginative exercise, no matter how true.
There is something about a bureaucrat that does not like a poem.
All in all, I would not have missed this century for the world.
As the age of television progresses the Reagans will be the rule, not the exception. To be perfect for television is all a President has to be these days.
Writing fiction has become a priestly business in countries that have lost their faith.
Democracy is supposed to give you the feeling of choice, like Painkiller X and Painkiller Y. But they're both just aspirin.
I was like everyone else when Obama was elected - optimistic.
I never said I was gay, because I don't think anyone is.
The only thing that I react really violently to is being misquoted.
My father once said something very shrewd about me to a woman journalist who had told him how courageous she thought I was for always speaking my mind. My father said, 'If you couldn't care less what anyone says about you, then it's not courage.'
Everything's wrong on Wikipedia.
I didn't mean to spend my life writing American history, which should have been taught in the schools, but I saw no alternative but to taking it on myself. I could think of a lot of cheerier things I'd rather be doing than analyzing George Washington and Aaron Burr. But it came to pass, that was my job, so I did it.
I am not, at heart, a playwright.
I am a novelist turned temporary adventurer, and I chose to write television, movies and plays for much the same reason that Henry Morgan selected the Spanish Main for his peculiar - and not dissimilar - sphere of operations.
There is only one party in the United States: the Property party... and it has two right wings: Republican and Democrat.
The first grown-up book that I read on my own was a nineteenth-century edition of 'Tales from Livy' that I'd found in my grandfather's library.
I never wanted to be a writer. I mean, that's the last thing I wanted.
Love is not my bag.
I am told the Cheney-Bush team dislikes their junta being compared to the Nazis. If they ceased behaving like Nazis, no comparison would come to mind.
When I say 'president,' I still mean Roosevelt - wisely, I think.
Between fourteen and nineteen, I must have begun and abandoned six novels.
Certainly 'The Judgment of Paris' was the novel in which I found my own voice.
In the writing of novels, there is the problem of how to shape a narrative.
As for my support for Obama, remember that I was brought up in Washington. It was an all-black city when I was a kid. And I've always been very pro-African-American - or whatever phrase we now use.
Does one ever read a politician's books?
My family is Southern. I'm used to Bill Clintons.
I can't name three first-rate literary critics in the United States. I'm told there are a few hidden away at universities, but they don't print them in 'The New York Times.'
I don't even read most reviews, unless there is a potential lawsuit on view.
Remember, I'm West Point, where I was born. My father went there.
I know a lot of the Annapolis breed.
Every generation gets the Tiny Tim it deserves.
Boys don't like girls around when they do boy things.
Like the TV networks, once our government has a hit, it will be repeated over and over again.
'The Turner Diaries' is a racist daydream by a former physics teacher writing under the pseudonym Andrew Macdonald.
In essence, Clinton's Anti-Terrorism Act would set up a national police force, over the long-dead bodies of the founders.
As a schoolboy, I read most of Carl Sandburg's six-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln.
Each youth betrays considerable anxiety about the wedding night ahead.
Some have deplored Lincoln's indifference to Christianity. But it was not religion, it was religiosity that put him off.
During the late '50s, I had worked on the script of Ben-Hur in an office next to that of the producer Sam Zimbalist.
To prevent the theft of 'Ben-Hur's sets, guards were prowling the back lot long after production had been shut down.
Since we have literally targeted our enemies, the Pentagon assumes that, sooner or later, rogues will take out our cities, presumably from spaceships.
Of all recent presidents, Clinton was expected to behave the most sensibly in economic matters. He understood how the economy works. But because he had used various dodges to stay out of the Vietnam War, he came to office ill at ease with the military.
The American high school graduate is two years behind his English, French or German counterpart; in Alabama, God knows how far behind.
The Pentagon talks about our power to 'overkill' Russia ten times, twenty times, perhaps forty-eight times. For my tax money, it is sufficient to overkill them once.
I was raised in the Washington household of my grandfather Senator Thomas P. Gore of Oklahoma, and have known politicians intimately all my life.
I was the most famous kid in the United States. That was 1936.
I hate nobody.
Because there is no cosmic point to the life that each of us perceives on this distant bit of dust at the galaxy's edge... there is all the more reason for us to maintain in proper balance what we have here. Because there is nothing else. No thing. This is it. And quite enough, all in all.
My father had lifelong contempt for politicians.
In character, as it were, the writer settles for an impression of what happened rather than creating the sense of the thing happening.
Baseball is the favorite American sport because it's so slow. Any idiot can follow it. And just about any idiot can play it.
It is very difficult for a writer of my generation, if he is honest, to pretend indifference to the work of Somerset Maugham. He was always so entirely there.
He who is last had best laugh.
I remember the Bond movies when I was a child. They were silent then.
What I like least about myself is my belligerence.
What I am is something unbearable for the world of journalism and the world of cliches. I'm a realist.
Corporations must pay tax.
The media can't get anything straight.
I cannot remember when I was not fascinated by Henry Adams.
Gossip is conversation about people.
It's odd to meet a rather elderly man who says, 'I've been reading you all my life.' It makes you feel a slight chill.
Having no contemporaries left means you cannot say, 'Well, so-and-so will like this,' which you do when you're younger. You realize there is no so-and-so anymore. You are your own so-and-so. There is a bleak side to it.
You hear all this whining going on, 'Where are our great writers?' The thing I might feel doleful about is: Where are the readers?
Some of my father's fellow West Pointers once asked him why I turned out so well, his secret in raising me. And he said, 'I never gave him any advice, and he never asked for any.' We agreed on nothing, but we never quarreled once.
The truth about Pearl Harbour is obscured to this day. But it has been much studied.
It's always best to stay out of other people's divorces. And their civil wars.
Obama just came swiftly out of nowhere, which was a relief to those of us who care about the Republic, and at first he seemed a very good thing.
Policemen are seldom tried for their crimes, or indeed, held responsible for what they do, which disturbs the peace and causes distress among the orderly.
What the police in their ignorance have not figured out is that they have lost all credibility since World War II. They are sort of parasites on the fringe of society and do no particular good for anyone except possibly themselves.
Why not just eliminate the federal income tax?
Jews, blacks and homosexuals are despised by the Christian and Communist majorities of East and West. Also, as a result of the invention of Israel, Jews can now count on the hatred of the Islamic world.
In the German concentration camps, Jews wore yellow stars while homosexuals wore pink lambdas.
World War II made prosperous the United States, which had been undergoing a depression for a dozen years, and made very rich those magnates and their managers who govern the republic - with many a wink - in the people's name.
Europe began as the relatively empty, uncivilized Wild West of Asia; then the Western Hemisphere became the Wild West of Europe. Now the sun has set in our West and risen once more in the East.
TV news is not very instructive.
For the record, I'm a Second World War veteran and served in the Pacific.
A friend was surprised to hear me say that there was not one moment of my past that I would like to relive.
I am only at home in the present.
I've yet to read a memoir by anyone I've known at all well that came anywhere near to the truth.
Nearly everyone who goes into a campaign is not only eager for the place he hopes to fill but for what might come after.
If you are a Representative and want to be a Senator, you must be careful not to do anything which might upset the various forces you need to harness to get elected.
The United States is the only civilized country in the world to class its teachers at the bottom of the social scale.
We are pleased to dismiss politics as entirely corrupt, if not financially, intellectually.
Ayn Rand is a rhetorician who writes novels I have never been able to read.
To get people to do needed things is the perennial hard task of government, not to mention of religion and philosophy.
Both Marx and Christ agree that in this life, a right action is consideration for the welfare of others.
Walter Lippmann suggests that the United States behaves like a society which thinks it is complete with no more to accomplish; that, for better or worse, we are what we are, and the only danger to our comfort is external.
Friends, there is no Left in American politics.
It is essential to naturalist doctrine that literature, to be good, must, finally, be the author's experience worked out literally.
Like most readers, I tend to skip the acknowledgements at the beginnings of books: the 'To-My-Wife-Without-Whose-Invaluable-Assistance' kind of thing.
In actual fact, I have always been a conservative cross, borne sadly by liberal friends.
I began life as an absolute monarchist - on condition, of course, that I be that monarch.
There are so many things the people who take polls never get around to asking.
Most children tell themselves stories in which they figure as powerful figures, enjoying the pleasures not only of the adult world as they conceive it but of a world of wonders unlike dull reality.
After adolescence, if one's life is sufficiently interesting, the desire to tell oneself stories diminishes.
The individual's desire to dominate his environment is not a desirable trait in a society which every day grows more and more confining.
The human race is plainly nothing in eternity, but to us, in time, it is everything and ought not to die.
No sooner does an American president take his oath of office than the speculation begins: Will he be reelected in four years' time? If not, who will succeed him? A member of his own party? The other party?
Americans are future-minded to the point of obsession. We are impatient at living in the present. Tomorrow is bound to be better... next year, next century, always what might be rather than what is. This trait in us makes for 'progress;' it also makes for a continuing dissatisfaction.
An important governorship used to be the best springboard for would-be presidents.
There is a terrible garrulousness in most American writing, legacy of the old Frontier.
For every Scott Fitzgerald concerned with the precise word and the selection of relevant incident, there are a hundred American writers, many well-regarded, who appear to believe that one word is just as good as another and that everything which occurs to them is worth putting down.
Most of our writers tend to be recorders.
McCain is significant in the sense that he has no significance at all on any subject.
I don't know how prisoners of war are ever heroes unless they escape.
I think there is an instinct out there to rid us of our masters.
