British,Novelist
Your weak point is the open, vulnerable place where you can always be hurt. Love, in all its aspects, opens the self so fully.
Life gives you enough hard knocks so it's unlikely you'll stay that sure of yourself.
I live alone, with cats, books, pictures, fresh vegetables to cook, the garden, the hens to feed.
You play. You win. You play. You lose. You play.
They say that every snowflake is different. If that were true, how could the world go on? How could we ever get up off our knees? How could we ever recover from the wonder of it?
The truth is that love smashes into your life like an ice floe, and even if your heart is built like the Titanic you go down.
The curious are always in some danger. If you are curious you might never come home.
The work that lasts over time is the work which still speaks to us when all contemporary interest in that work is extinct.
Naked is the best disguise.
What's invisible to us is also crucial for our own well-being.
What you risk reveals what you value.
I am a writer who happens to love women. I am not a lesbian who happens to write.
I wanted to invent myself as a fictional character. And I did, and it has caused a great deal of confusion.
Confidence and superiority: It's the usual fundamentalist stuff: I've got the truth, and you haven't.
Nobody knows anything about Shakespeare the person. It's all legend, it is all rumor.
My friends and the people who are close to me know what I am. And that is enough.
I think it would be very foolish not to take the irrational seriously.
It is helpful for a woman artist not to have a husband.
There are so many separate selves; no one who writes creatively hasn't felt that.
Quest is at the heart of what I do-the holy grail, and the terror that you'll never find it, seemed a perfect metaphor for life.
Ordinary professionalism and 20 years' experience can accomplish a lot, but it can't access the hidden places.
I'm not a quitter.
I never cared about money.
Everything in writing begins with language. Language begins with listening.
Writers have to have a knack for listening. I need to be able to hear what is being said to me by the voices I create.
With animal behavior, they're all fine until you introduce some rogue element into the cage, and then they go crazy.
I don't understand why people talk of art as a luxury when it's a mind-altering possibility.
I don't read reviews because by then it's too late - whatever anyone says, the book won't change. It is written.
I don't believe in happy endings.
I didn't mind being unpopular at school, because everyone else was a heathen.
I believe in communication; books communicate ideas and make bridges between people.
I am not interested in genres. I am interested in doing the best work I can in whatever medium.
Creative work is incredibly difficult, and that is where the tests lie.
Art saved me; it got me through my depression and self-loathing, back to a place of innocence.
Anything outside marriage seems like freedom and excitement.
Always in my books, I like to throw that rogue element into a stable situation and then see what happens.
Academics love to make theories about a body of work, but each book consumes the writer and is the sum of his or her world.
You never give away your heart; you lend it from time to time. If it were not so, how could we take it back without asking?
However it is debased or misinterpreted, love is a redemptive feature. To focus on one individual so that their desires become superior to yours is a very cleansing experience.
