Russian,Novelist
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
There is no greatness where there is no simplicity, goodness and truth.
Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced.
If you want to be happy, be.
An arrogant person considers himself perfect. This is the chief harm of arrogance. It interferes with a person's main task in life - becoming a better person.
Music is the shorthand of emotion.
All happy families resemble one another, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
True life is lived when tiny changes occur.
Without knowing what I am and why I am here, life is impossible.
All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love.
The greater the state, the more wrong and cruel its patriotism, and the greater is the sum of suffering upon which its power is founded.
Even in the valley of the shadow of death, two and two do not make six.
Truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.
Government is an association of men who do violence to the rest of us.
Joy can only be real if people look upon their life as a service and have a definite object in life outside themselves and their personal happiness.
Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal.
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
One of the first conditions of happiness is that the link between Man and Nature shall not be broken.
All violence consists in some people forcing others, under threat of suffering or death, to do what they do not want to do.
A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food; therefore, if he eats meat, he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite.
In all history there is no war which was not hatched by the governments, the governments alone, independent of the interests of the people, to whom war is always pernicious even when successful.
Faith is the sense of life, that sense by virtue of which man does not destroy himself, but continues to live on. It is the force whereby we live.
