French,Novelist
'Sex' is as important as eating or drinking and we ought to allow the one appetite to be satisfied with as little restraint or false modesty as the other.
Your body is the church where Nature asks to be reverenced.
Lust is to the other passions what the nervous fluid is to life; it supports them all, lends strength to them all ambition, cruelty, avarice, revenge, are all founded on lust.
One is never so dangerous when one has no shame, than when one has grown too old to blush.
Destruction, hence, like creation, is one of Nature's mandates.
Social order at the expense of liberty is hardly a bargain.
Happiness lies neither in vice nor in virtue; but in the manner we appreciate the one and the other, and the choice we make pursuant to our individual organization.
Lust's passion will be served; it demands, it militates, it tyrannizes.
It is always by way of pain one arrives at pleasure.
I've already told you: the only way to a woman's heart is along the path of torment. I know none other as sure.
In order to know virtue, we must first acquaint ourselves with vice.
All universal moral principles are idle fancies.
All, all is theft, all is unceasing and rigorous competition in nature; the desire to make off with the substance of others is the foremost - the most legitimate - passion nature has bred into us and, without doubt, the most agreeable one.
The more defects a man may have, the older he is, the less lovable, the more resounding his success.
One weeps not save when one is afraid, and that is why kings are tyrants.
Are not laws dangerous which inhibit the passions? Compare the centuries of anarchy with those of the strongest legalism in any country you like and you will see that it is only when the laws are silent that the greatest actions appear.
What is more immoral than war?
Between understanding and faith immediate connections must subsist.
They declaim against the passions without bothering to think that it is from their flame philosophy lights its torch.
There is no more lively sensation than that of pain; its impressions are certain and dependable, they never deceive as may those of the pleasure women perpetually feign and almost never experience.
Sensual excess drives out pity in man.
Nature has not got two voices, you know, one of them condemning all day what the other commands.
My manner of thinking, so you say, cannot be approved. Do you suppose I care? A poor fool indeed is he who adopts a manner of thinking for others!
She had already allowed her delectable lover to pluck that flower which, so different from the rose to which it is nevertheless sometimes compared, has not the same faculty of being reborn each spring.
There is no God, Nature sufficeth unto herself; in no wise hath she need of an author.
Truth titillates the imagination far less than fiction.
