Brazilian,Novelist
I have seen many storms in my life. Most storms have caught me by surprise, so I had to learn very quickly to look further and understand that I am not capable of controlling the weather, to exercise the art of patience and to respect the fury of nature.
Remember your dreams and fight for them. You must know what you want from life. There is just one thing that makes your dream become impossible: the fear of failure.
Culture makes people understand each other better. And if they understand each other better in their soul, it is easier to overcome the economic and political barriers. But first they have to understand that their neighbour is, in the end, just like them, with the same problems, the same questions.
Life was always a matter of waiting for the right moment to act.
I can control my destiny, but not my fate. Destiny means there are opportunities to turn right or left, but fate is a one-way street. I believe we all have the choice as to whether we fulfil our destiny, but our fate is sealed.
Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.
When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy. It's very simple.
When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
No one can lie, no one can hide anything, when he looks directly into someone's eyes.
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.
Elegance is usually confused with superficiality, fashion, lack of depth. This is a serious mistake: human beings need to have elegance in their actions and in their posture because this word is synonymous with good taste, amiability, equilibrium and harmony.
The good old days, when each idea had an owner, are gone forever.
You have to take risks. We will only understand the miracle of life fully when we allow the unexpected to happen.
You drown not by falling into a river, but by staying submerged in it.
Love is a trap. When it appears, we see only its light, not its shadows.
I cry very easily. It can be a movie, a phone conversation, a sunset - tears are words waiting to be written.
Elegance is achieved when all that is superfluous has been discarded and the human being discovers simplicity and concentration: the simpler and more sober the posture, the more beautiful it will be.
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.
Writing means sharing. It's part of the human condition to want to share things - thoughts, ideas, opinions.
No, I never saw an angel, but it is irrelevant whether I saw one or not. I feel their presence around me.
You can become blind by seeing each day as a similar one. Each day is a different one, each day brings a miracle of its own. It's just a matter of paying attention to this miracle.
Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dream.
The more violent the storm, the quicker it passes.
We have to stop and be humble enough to understand that there is something called mystery.
We have lost contact with reality, the simplicity of life.
Every blessing ignored becomes a curse.
Of course, to have money is just great because you can do what you think is important to you.
Physical elegance, which is what I am talking about here, comes from the body. This is no superficial matter, but rather the way that man found to honour the way he places his two feet on the ground.
In the United States, I am a great success, but I am not a celebrity.
There is an afterlife. I am convinced of this.
It's not difficult for me to put my feelings into written form. I try to be concise and to go direct to the subject. This is what people like about my work, and what the critics hate.
With all due respect, the Mona Lisa is overrated.
You should treat a muse like a fairy.
MySpace is an addiction.
I hate to be smart.
The only thing that relaxes me is archery. That's why I have to have apartments with gardens.
I lived in a dictatorship in Brazil, and I was arrested three times. I felt in my flesh what it is to live under such a regime and experience deprivation of freedom.
I always was a rich person because money's not related to happiness.
MySpace is my wife... Facebook is my mistress.
I'm first and foremost a writer. I followed my personal legend, my childhood dream of becoming a writer, but I can't say why I'm one.
When I write a book, I write a book for myself; the reaction is up to the reader. It's not my business whether people like or dislike it.
Every day I try to be in communication with the universe in an unconscious way.
I am not happy, and the quest for happiness as a principal objective is not part of my world. Of course, ever since I can remember, I have done what I felt like doing.
Writers are lampposts and critics are dogs. Ask lampposts what they think about dogs. Does the dog hurt the lamppost?
I don't try to control my days.
I've done everything I wanted to do, even if I have had to pay a very high price - which has been the case most of the time.
People are very reluctant to talk about their private lives but then you go to the internet and they're much more open.
I was not encouraged to follow the career of a writer because my parents thought that I was going to starve to death. They thought nobody can make a living from being a writer in Brazil. They were not wrong.
Happiness is just another of the tricks that our genetic system plays on us to carry out its only role, which is the survival of the species.
Twitter is my bar. I sit at the counter and listen to the conversations, starting others, feeling the atmosphere.
The more in harmony with yourself you are, the more joyful you are and the more faithful you are. Faith is not to disconnect you from reality - it connects you to reality.
I walk every day, and I look at the mountains and the fields and the small city, and I say: 'Oh my God, what a blessing.' Then you realise it's important to put it in a context beyond this woman, this man, this city, this country, this universe.
Music for me, it demands full concentration.
Everything for me is sacred, beginning with earth, but also going to things made by man.
I never say I am a guru.
I wanted to write when I was young, but people said it was impossible. Then my parents locked me in a mental institution - they said I was crazy and would never make a living from writing.
My literature is much more the result of a paradox than that of an implacable logic, typical of police novels. The paradox is the tension that exists in my soul.
About the idea of a clash between cultures, between civilisations, I don't believe in it. It's something some political leaders tried to use, and that the media tried and are still trying to sell us, in order to simplify the world and their work.
Let us be absolutely clear about one thing: we must not confuse humility with false modesty or servility.
I am not a self-help writer. I am a self-problem writer. When people read my books, I provoke some things. I cannot justify my work. I do my work; it is up to them to classify it, to judge.
I'd have stopped writing years ago if it were for the money.
I am a Catholic because I choose to be a Catholic. And then I go to the Mass because I choose. It is out of my free will.
I am a Catholic.
I don't go to parties in general.
The major religions, Christianity, Judaism, Islam, they deny somehow that God has a feminine face. However, if you go to the holy texts, you see there is this feminine presence.
It's very difficult to read a book on your computer.
Of course, to have money is just great because you can do what you think is important to you. I always was a rich person because money's not related to happiness.
I believe enlightenment or revelation comes in daily life. I look for joy, the peace of action. You need action. I'd have stopped writing years ago if it were for the money.
Beauty is the greatest seducer of man.
Publishing is in a kind of Jurassic age.
Publishers see free downloads as threatening the sales of the book.
I'm modern because I make the difficult seem easy, and so I can communicate with the whole world.
Today, writers want to impress other writers.
I had this dream to become a writer since I was a teenager.
I'm not a person that socializes very well.
We want to answer this classical question, who am I? So I think that most of our works are for art, or whatever we do, including science or religion, tried to answer that question.
My readers - and I get 400 emails for a day, my readers normally they say, well, you understand me, and I answer, you do understand me also. We are in the same level.
It took me 40 years to write my first book. When I was a child, I was encouraged to go to school. I was not encouraged to follow the career of a writer because my parents thought that I was going to starve to death.
Most of my young years were spent under the boots of the military.
I was arrested three times and tortured once.
I tweet in the morning and the evening. To write 12 hours a day, there is a moment when you're really tired. It's my relaxing time.
Once I found this possibility to use Twitter and Facebook and my blog to connect to my readers, I'm going to use it, to connect to them and to share thoughts that I cannot use in the book.
When I'm dancing, I'm not thinking about anything. I am here. I am totally there. You know? And the feeling is a sensation of being away from myself. My soul dances with the angels, and my body dances with my wife.
In writing, I apply my feminine side and respect the mystery involved in creation.
I love almost everything about my work except conferences. I am too shy in front of an audience. But I love signings and having eye contact with a reader who already knows my soul.
My connection with Brazil is so abstract. My blood and my way of thinking is Brazilian, but that's it. I don't tend to go back to the past, and although I have an apartment there, I rarely visit. When I move, I really move.
I don't set out to write about spirituality; I am free to do something different every time.
I can't consciously explain how people feel after reading my books. All is too personal.
I have spent every New Year's Eve since 1992 in Lourdes. I spend the hour of my birth every year in the grotto. It's a place with meaning for me.
I am a Catholic, not so committed to the church, but to the idea of the Virgin, the female face of God.
Sometimes I catch myself stooping, and whenever I am like that, I am sure something is not quite right.
