English,Novelist
Handsome husbands often make a wife's heart ache.
Love will draw an elephant through a key-hole.
A beautiful woman must expect to be more accountable for her steps, than one less attractive.
The companion of an evening, and the companion for life, require very different qualifications.
Men will bear many things from a kept mistress, which they would not bear from a wife.
The life of a good man is a continual warfare with his passions.
Necessity may well be called the mother of invention but calamity is the test of integrity.
Women are so much in love with compliments that rather than want them, they will compliment one another, yet mean no more by it than the men do.
Calamity is the test of integrity.
It is better to be thought perverse than insincere.
Women love to be called cruel, even when they are kindest.
People who act like angels ought to have angels to deal with.
The pleasures of the mighty are obtained by the tears of the poor.
Honeymoon lasts not nowadays above a fortnight.
It may be very generous in one person to offer what it would be ungenerous in another to accept.
Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation.
Every scholar, I presume, is not, necessarily, a man of sense.
As a child is indulged or checked in its early follies, a ground is generally laid for the happiness or misery of the future man.
The English, the plain English, of the politest address of a gentleman to a lady is, I am now, dear Madam, your humble servant: Pray be so good as to let me be your Lord and Master.
Sorrow makes an ugly face odious.
A good man, though he will value his own countrymen, yet will think as highly of the worthy men of every nation under the sun.
Vast is the field of Science. The more a man knows, the more he will find he has to know.
Nothing in human nature is so God-like as the disposition to do good to our fellow-creatures.
Love gratified is love satisfied, and love satisfied is indifference begun.
People of little understanding are most apt to be angry when their sense is called into question.
Women are always most observed when they seem themselves least to observe, or to lay out for observation.
Men generally are afraid of a wife who has more understanding than themselves.
Love before marriage is absolutely necessary.
Those who have least to do are generally the most busy people in the world.
Those who will bear much, shall have much to bear.
Great allowances ought to be made for the petulance of persons laboring under ill-health.
The World, thinking itself affronted by superior merit, takes delight to bring it down to its own level.
Every one, more or less, loves Power, yet those who most wish for it are seldom the fittest to be trusted with it.
There would be no supporting life were we to feel quite as poignantly for others as we do for ourselves.
Where words are restrained, the eyes often talk a great deal.
There are men who think themselves too wise to be religious.
The Cause of Women is generally the Cause of Virtue.
There is but one pride pardonable; that of being above doing a base or dishonorable action.
The little words in the Republic of Letters, like the little folks in a nation, are the most useful and significant.
It is much easier to find fault with others, than to be faultless ourselves.
Quantity in diet is more to be regarded than quality. A full meal is a great enemy both to study and industry.
The plays and sports of children are as salutary to them as labor and work are to grown persons.
To what a bad choice is many a worthy woman betrayed, by that false and inconsiderate notion, That a reformed rake makes the best husband!
We are all very ready to believe what we like.
Smatterers in learning are the most opinionated.
Women who have had no lovers, or having had one, two or three, have not found a husband, have perhaps rather had a miss than a loss, as men go.
There is a pride, a self-love, in human minds that will seldom be kept so low as to make men and women humbler than they ought to be.
Tutors who make youth learned do not always make them virtuous.
The mind can be but full. It will be as much filled with a small disagreeable occurrence, having no other, as with a large one.
The difference in the education of men and women must give the former great advantages over the latter, even where geniuses are equal.
Some children act as if they thought their parents had nothing to do, but to see them established in the world and then quit it.
Hope is the cordial that keeps life from stagnating.
If the education and studies of children were suited to their inclinations and capacities, many would be made useful members of society that otherwise would make no figure in it.
The first reading of a Will, where a person dies worth anything considerable, generally affords a true test of the relations' love to the deceased.
All our pursuits, from childhood to manhood, are only trifles of different sorts and sizes, proportioned to our years and views.
Whenever we approve, we can find a hundred good reasons to justify our approbation. Whenever we dislike, we can find a thousand to justify our dislike.
