German,Economist
'Culture' is a finite segment of the meaningless infinity of the world process, a segment on which human beings confer meaning and significance.
Power is the chance to impose your will within a social context, even when opposed and regardless of the integrity of that chance.
Politics is a strong and slow boring of hard boards.
The fate of our times is characterized by rationalization and intellectualization and, above all, by the disenchantment of the world.
Politics means striving to share power or striving to influence the distribution of power, either among states or among groups within a state.
It is not true that good can only follow from good and evil only from evil, but that often the opposite is true.
All knowledge of cultural reality, as may be seen, is always knowledge from particular points of view.
The ethic of conviction and the ethic of responsibility are not opposites. They are complementary to one another.
Precision, speed, unambiguity, knowledge of files, continuity, discretion, unity, strict subordination, reduction of friction and of material and personal costs - these are raised to the optimum point in the strictly bureaucratic administration.
Only by strict specialization can the scientific worker become fully conscious, for once and perhaps never again in his lifetime, that he has achieved something that will endure. A really definitive and good accomplishment is today always a specialized act.
No sociologist should think himself too good, even in his old age, to make tens of thousands of quite trivial computations in his head and perhaps for months at a time.
Social economic problems do not exist everywhere that an economic event plays a role as cause or effect - since problems arise only where the significance of those factors is problematical and can be precisely determined only through the application of methods of social-economics.
All the analysis of infinite reality which the finite human mind can conduct rests on the tacit assumption that only a finite portion of this reality constitutes the object of scientific investigation, and that only it is 'important' in the sense of being 'worthy of being known.'
Either one lives 'for' politics or one lives 'off' politics.
It is not astonishing that there are many journalists who have become human failures and worthless men. Rather, it is astonishing that, despite all this, this very stratum includes such a great number of valuable and quite genuine men, a fact that outsiders would not so easily guess.
One cannot prescribe to anyone whether he should follow an ethic of absolute ends or an ethic of responsibility.
Not everyone realises that to write a really good piece of journalism is at least as demanding intellectually as the achievement of any scholar.
Certainly all historical experience confirms the truth - that man would not have attained the possible unless time and again he had reached out for the impossible.
Whenever known and sufficient causes are available, it is anti-scientific to discard them in favour of a hypothesis that can never be verified.
The fully developed bureaucratic apparatus compares with other organisations exactly as does the machine with the non-mechanical modes of production.
Laws are important and valuable in the exact natural sciences, in the measure that those sciences are universally valid.
Within the confines of the lecture hall, no other virtue exists but plain intellectual integrity.
A highly developed stock exchange cannot be a club for the cult of ethics.
The career of politics grants a feeling of power. The knowledge of influencing men, of participating in power over them, and above all, the feeling of holding in one's hands a nerve fiber of historically important events can elevate the professional politician above everyday routine even when he is placed in formally modest positions.
The modern view of criminal justice, broadly, is that public concern with morality or expediency decrees expiation for the violation of a norm; this concern finds expression in the infliction of punishment on the evil doer by agents of the state, the evil doer, however, enjoying the protection of a regular procedure.
One can say that three pre-eminent qualities are decisive for the politician: passion, a feeling of responsibility, and a sense of proportion.
