American,Economist
The greatest advances of civilization, whether in architecture or painting, in science and literature, in industry or agriculture, have never come from centralized government.
If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand.
Inflation is taxation without legislation.
Indeed, a major source of objection to a free economy is precisely that it... gives people what they want instead of what a particular group thinks they ought to want. Underlying most arguments against the free market is a lack of belief in freedom itself.
So that the record of history is absolutely crystal clear. That there is no alternative way, so far discovered, of improving the lot of the ordinary people that can hold a candle to the productive activities that are unleashed by a free enterprise system.
The Great Depression, like most other periods of severe unemployment, was produced by government mismanagement rather than by any inherent instability of the private economy.
The world runs on individuals pursuing their self interests. The great achievements of civilization have not come from government bureaus. Einstein didn't construct his theory under order from a, from a bureaucrat. Henry Ford didn't revolutionize the automobile industry that way.
Only government can take perfectly good paper, cover it with perfectly good ink and make the combination worthless.
The most important single central fact about a free market is that no exchange takes place unless both parties benefit.
The only relevant test of the validity of a hypothesis is comparison of prediction with experience.
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
Underlying most arguments against the free market is a lack of belief in freedom itself.
The government solution to a problem is usually as bad as the problem.
Inflation is the one form of taxation that can be imposed without legislation.
Most of the energy of political work is devoted to correcting the effects of mismanagement of government.
I am favor of cutting taxes under any circumstances and for any excuse, for any reason, whenever it's possible.
Universities exist to transmit knowledge and understanding of ideas and values to students not to provide entertainment for spectators or employment for athletes.
Most economic fallacies derive from the tendency to assume that there is a fixed pie, that one party can gain only at the expense of another.
Well first of all, tell me, is there some society you know of that doesn't run on greed? You think Russia doesn't run on greed? You think China doesn't run on greed? What is greed?
Is it really true that political self-interest is nobler somehow than economic self-interest?
We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.
The only way that has ever been discovered to have a lot of people cooperate together voluntarily is through the free market. And that's why it's so essential to preserving individual freedom.
The most important ways in which I think the Internet will affect the big issue is that it will make it more difficult for government to collect taxes.
Columbus did not seek a new route to the Indies in response to a majority directive.
And what does reward virtue? You think the communist commissar rewards virtue? You think a Hitler rewards virtue? You think, excuse me, if you'll pardon me, American presidents reward virtue? Do they choose their appointees on the basis of the virtue of the people appointed or on the basis of their political clout?
